Two new antigens were isolated from the trichloroacetic acid soluble fraction of human seminal plasma: a polysaccharide (G-3) and a glycopeptide (G-4). Both were homogeneous, and hand sedimentation constants at infinite dilution of 2.9 X 10(-13) and 2.0 X 10(-13) resectively. Chemical and physicochemical studies suggest that both are branched molecules composed mainly of alpha-D-glucopyranosidic residues. The peptide component of G-R contains a high proporiton of the basic amino acids arginine and lysine. Since both antigens are polydispered, the low percentage of sialic acids or of some amino acids determined might have antigenic significance.
Long-term investigations of polychlorinated hydrocarbon levels in mothers' milk were made from 1969 to 1976. The levels of p,p'-DDE, p,p'-DDT, dieldrin and PCB in mothers' milk were within the range reported by others. However, beta-BHC(Hexachlorocyclohexane) levels in the milk were 10 times that found in non-Japanese. A gradual decrease in the beta-BHC level in the milk was observed during this period. In contrast, the levels of p,p'-DDE, p,p'-DDT, dieldrin and PCB were consistent for the 7-year period. A significant correlation between the levels of PCB and p,p'-DDE in mothers' milk and blood was observed in the 1974-1976 samples. However, after prohibition of the use of chlorinated hydrocarbons, this relationship was less apparent in the 1972-1973 samples.
The confounding that results from the uncontrolled conditions under which most epidemiologic observations are made is sufficient to undermine their validity with respect to investigation of the relationship between diet and serum cholesterol. In this paper, the authors show, using both a mathematical model and referring to empirical data, that if certain variances are sufficiently great, even when there is cause and effect, correlation coefficients close to zero would be expected from the actual data of a cross-sectional study. Cross-sectional designs are therefore not suitable for studying this relationship.
The serum protein binding of phenytoin, salicylic acid, sulfisoxazole, and warfarin was determined in normal human adults, in patients with impaired renal function (kidney donor and recipient), and in adult male Sprague--Dawley rats. The free fraction values for salicylate and sulfisoxazole were significantly correlated in all three groups. The other correlations were statistically significant in only one or two of these groups. There was a statistically significant negative correlation between albumin concentration and the free fraction values of salicylic acid and sulfisoxazole (but not of phenytoin and only under special circumstances with warfarin) in normal subjects and of phenytoin, salicylic acid, and sulfisoxazole (but not warfarin) in rats. No such correlation was observed for any of the drugs in patients with impaired renal function. These observations show that no single weakly acidic drug can serve as an index for quantitatively determining the effect of disease or species differences on the serum protein binding of other weakly acidic drugs.
Fifty-nine asymptomatic men without catheters of ileal-loop bladders, who were attending a urology clinic and were incidentally discovered to have 100,000 or more Enterobacteriaceae per ml ("significant bacteriuria") in a clean voided urine sample, were prospectively evaluated. To identify these 59 patients, 5,876 urine samples, collected exclusively from men, had been subjected to quantitation and identification. A repeat urine culture performed on these patients invariably confirmed the results of the initial culture. The reproducibility of a single urine culture containing significant bacteriuria occurred independently of the tissue source of infection, as determined by the antibody-coated-bacteria immunofluorescence test. We conclude that a single urine culture obtained from a cooperative man can establish the diagnosis of asymptomatic bacteriuria.
A recent study [Clin. Chem. 22, 1635 (1976)] reported intra-individual variation in 10 serum proteins to be much smaller than interindividual variation. We report results of a similar study involving about 700 apparently healthy adults in whom we estimated the relative magnitude of the intra- and interindividual variation in serum IgA, IgG, IgM and complement component C3. Specimens were collected from each subject weekly for as long as 10 weeks (average, four weeks). The four serum proteins were quantitated by radial immunodiffusion by the maximal-diffusion technique. Traditional 95% reference intervals were computed relative to WHO reference preparations for the immunoglobulins. For C3, the reference interval was computed relative to a commercial reference preparation. We, too, found the ratios of intra-individual to interindividual variation for adults to be so small that the traditional reference intervals do not have the assumed diagnostic sensitivities. Furthermore, these ratios did not change after dividing the study population into subgroups according to sex and age; evidently such subgrouping do not improve the diagnostic sensitivity. The relatively small intra-individual variations were also observed at the extremes of protein concentration ranges.
The intrinsic variability and accuracy of left ventricular ejection fraction determined by multiple gated cardiac blood pool imaging was evaluated in 83 patients. Ejection fraction by gated studies correlated well with data from first pass radionuclide angiocardiography (r = 0.94) and from contrast angiography (r = 0.84). Intra- and interobserver variabilities of absolute ejection fraction were minimal (mean +/- standard deviation 1.4 +/- 1.2 and 1.6 +/- 1.5 percent, respectively) and were not different for normal (ejection fraction 55 percent or greater) and abnormal patients. Ejection fraction was determined twice in 70 patients: on the same day at intervals separated by 1 to 2 hours (41 patients) and on 2 different days (29 patients). Ejection fraction ranged from 18 to 91 percent and was normal in 37 patients. There was no difference in mean serial variabilities of absolute ejection fraction for all repeat studies performed on the same and separate days (3.3 +/- 3.1 versus 4.3 +/- 3.1 percent (not significantly different). The mean variability of absolute ejection fraction for repeat studies in normal patients was significantly greater than in abnormal patients (5.4 +/- 4.4 versus 2.1 +/- 2.0 percent, P less than 0.01). The incidence rate of absolute interstudy changes of 5 percent or more was significantly higher in normal than in abnormal patients (P less than 0.01). This differential variability should be considered in interpreting sequential changes in left ventricular ejection fraction. To be attributed to nonrandom physiologic alterations, the absolute change in ejection fraction should be 10 percent or more in normal patients and 5 percent or more in abnormal patients.
Shock was induced in 537 rats by exteriorization of the intestines and occlusion of the superior mesenteric circulation for 1 hour. After 1 hour of this intestinal ischemia shock, oxygen consumption (VO2) decreased to half of the preexperimental values. When no infusion was given, the survival rate at 24 hours was 22%; this was correlated with the degree of restoration of VO2 at 1 hour after shock. VO2 and survival rate improved with infusion of albumin, dextran 40, and dextran 40, and dextran 70. With increasing doses of colloids, both VO2 and survival rate increased; the optimal effect was at the dose of 2 g/kg body weight. When no other therapy was given, colloids at concentrations of 3.5 or 6% solutions had a better effect on survival than the 10% solution. Colloids were more effective than Ringer's acetate when the latter was given in the same volume and up to three times the volume of the colloids.
Concentrations of 27 commonly estimated serum constituents were measured in blood sampled from 20 apparently healthy volunteers at 0830, 1230, and 1630 hours on each of four days, at weekly intervals. Time-dependent statistically significant (p less than or equal to 0.01) variation was observed in 12 of the constituents. The 15 constituents that showed no statistically significant diurnal variation included the immunoglobulins, other specific proteins, enzymes, cholesterol, calcium, copper, and magnesium. On the different days of the study consistent temporal patterns were observed in urea, creatinine, phosphate, zinc, bilirubin, triglyceride, total protein, and albumin. The magnitude of variation was particularly great in potassium, iron, zinc, and bilirubin. In general, day-to-day changes in concentration exceeded within-day changes, except for potassium, phosphate, and zinc, for which greater changes could be observed within-day than from one day to another at the same time.
The formation of mono(ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP) from di(ethylhexyl)phthalate in human plasma stored in bags of polyvinylchloride has been studied. Substantial amounts were formed and in ten bags from 4 to 56microgram/ml were found. After 2 weeks at room temperature the concentration of MEHP had increased to values between 27 and 79 microgram/ml. However, MEHP was also disappearing as shown in a recovery experiment. Of the fractionated proteins albumin contained MEHP in amounts from less than 3 to 290 microgram/g.
In order to evaluate the reproducibility of regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) measurements in pathological brain tissue, serial measurements were carried out in 13 determinations performed in patients who were comatose after severe head injuries within the first 2 weeks after the head trauma. The xenon-133 intra-arterial method was used for the flow measurements, and the flow was studied separately in 16 areas of the brain, producing 197 regional double determinations. The patients were maintained in a steady state during and between the measurements, and only differences of less than 2 mm Hg in the arterial CO2 pressure and less than 5 mm Hg in the perfusion pressure were tolerated. The reproducibility was found to be reasonably good as regards initial slope-flow indices and height/area flow indices and height/area flow values, whereas that of the compartmentally calculated flow parameters was poorer. On dividing the series into severely and moderately pathological areas, it could be shown that the reproducibility of the flor values in the moderately pathological brain areas was acceptable and similar to the results reported by others, whereas the reproducibility in the most severely pathological areas of the brain was rather poor, as regards the flow in the fast compartments. The correlation between the various flow parameters was found to be fairly good.
A method is described for the determination of steroid profiles from urine by means of gas chromatography using high-efficiency glass capillary columns. The accuracy and reproducibility of essential steps in the sample preparation (extraction of steroids and steroid conjugates by means of XAD-2, enzymatic hydrolysis with Helix pomatia juice, solvolysis in acidified ethyl acetate and alkali wash) are established using different endogenously labelled urine samples, obtained from normal subjects to whom labelled steroids had been administered. Preliminary results are given on the reproducibility of the derivatization procedure (formation of methoxime-trimethylsilyl (MO-TMS) ethers), the gas chromatographic analysis and the whole method. Two procedures for the purification of MO-TMS steroid derivatives are compared. Application of the method to urine samples of patients with various endocrine disorders is included.
For the past few years, the whole blood culture method has been scrutinized for its usefulness and reproducibility in evaluating the immunologic status of patients. This method, used in our laboratory mainly screening specimens for evidence of immunodeficiencies, has been systematically evaluated for reproducibility, and factors affecting normal response through testing specimens from over 70 normal persons. Three mitogens (phytohemagglutinin, Concanavalin A, and pokeweed) were studied; peak time responses occurred later than in the separated cell culture method, and they were different for each mitogen. The dose response curves also depended on the mitogen tested, with pokeweed giving a sharp curve and the others a broad plateau. The harvesting procedure was studied by varying reagents and was optimized for speed and efficiency. The mononuclear cell count of the specimen had little effect on the results as long as it remained less than 3.5 X 10(6)/ml. The results for all mitogens followed a similar distribution curve irrespective of whether the results were expressed as cpm or cpm divided by the mononuclear cell count. The use of the stimulation ratio method to express results was less satisfactory. The mean coefficient of variation for all triplicate samples remained 20% or less and for all conditions tested. In evaluating the immunodeficient patient, the whole blood culture method was found to be equally as informative and easier to perform than the separated cell method.
Forty adult male white-footed mice (Peromyscus leucopus) were divided into four equal groups and fed diets containing 0, 100, 200 or 400 p.p.m. of a polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) for 2 weeks. PCB ingestion increased liver weights and reduced pentobarbital-induced sleeping times at all levels tested, indicating increased hepatic microsomal enzyme activity. Plasma corticoid levels, seminal vesicle weights and testicular spermatozoa numbers were reduced at the 400 p.p.m. level.
The advent of high-capacity multi-channel analyzers allows estimation of long-term variability in serum constituents of large numbers of subjects. By frozen storage of specimens with subsequent analysis in a single machine run, long-term analytical variation may be eliminated, thus sharpening the estimates of intra-individual variation. In the present study we used the Vickers M-300 analyzer to obtain the data for such estimates from 37 male volunteers, each bled once a week for 22 weeks. Secimens were analyzed in random order to eliminate any biasing effect of analytical drift during the 4-h machine run. Ten serum constituents were measured. Storage-induced linear trends were small or negligible during the period of specimen collection. Using the ratio of average within-subject variance to the variance among subjects as a guide, serum alkaline phosphatase was found to show the greatest individuality, sodium and potassium the least. Other constitutents showed varying degrees of individuality, but for all these analytes, the usual population-based reference ranges were found to be either insensitive or irrelevant to the study of concentration changes over time within most healthy subjects. Our results generally confirmed those of smaller but comparable earlier studies.
The nonprotein-bound fraction of bilirubin was determined in undiluted plasma or serum from healthy adult volunteers and newborn infants after addition of unconjugated bilirubin, 12 mg/100 ml. There were significant interindividual difference (2-fold in 13 adults, 2.6-fold in 9 full-term newborn infants) in the free fraction value. Sulfisoxazole, salicylic acid, and salicyluric acid had a pronounced displacing effect on bilirubin in the 10 to 30 mg/100 ml drug concentration range. Aspirin had only a small effect at concentrations below 20 mg/100 ml. There was a very strong correlation between the free fraction value of bilirubin in individual samples of drug-free plasma and in the same plasmas after addition of any one of the 4 drugs studied. This shows that the relative increase of the free fraction of bilirubin induced by any one of the drugs was essentially the same but that the absolute increase varied greatly between subjects. It may be possible, therefore, to predict quanitatively the bilirubin-displacing effect of drugs in individual patients before drug administration by determining the free fraction of bilirubin in a plasma or serum sample obtained prior to initiation of drug therapy.
The objective of the present investigation was to investigate the nature of the blood amino acid response with amino acid intake in newborn infants. Forty-nine newborn infants of 640 to 4020 g birth weight and 26 to 40 weeks gestational age were placed on one of the following regimes within 48 hr of birth: intravenous dextrose with intravenous feeding of three levels of crystalline amino acid mixture, or of one level of casein hydrolysate, or with oral feeding of two levels of milk formula. Blood amino acid levels at 132 hr after feeding of graded levels of the intravenous amino acid solution were evaluated by regression analyses and compared to blood levels when casein hydrolysate was fed intravenously or milk formula was fed orally. At low levels of amino acid intake, such as were achieved with formula feeding, blood levels were relatively unchanged. However, with higher intakes, as were obtained with intravenous feedings, blood levels increased at rates which could be defined for each amino acid. This observation suggests that if the composition and rate of delivery of an amino acid solution is known, blood levels may be predicted.
Simultaneous saliva and plasma theophylline levels in 12 chronic asthmatic children were measured by high pressure liquid chromatography following administration of a theophylline preparation. In five subjects, simultaneous plasma and salivary theophylline were measured one week later. A strongly positive correlation between plasma and salivary theophylline levels was found at all time periods tested. There was no substantial difference in the plasma-saliva theophylline ratio determined one week later. A predicted plasma level was compared with the observed value. The proportionality of predicted to observed plasma theophylline levels using either the entire study group mean plasma-saliva ratio or each individual's ratio was approximately 1.00 with 9% variability. When a previously reported plasma-saliva theophylline ratio was used for comparison, the predicted plasma theophylline was 15% above the observed plasma level.
A chimpanzee of simian-type blood groups V.A, cef, G, H, L was isoimmunized with the red cells of another chimpanzee of simian-type V.B, cef, G, H, 1 in order to obtain antibodies of specificity anti-Bc, originally produced in another chimpanzee in 1964. In addition to the desired anti-Bc, the immunized chimpanzee produced also three other antibodies; anti-Yc cross-reactive with chimpanzee red cells of the simian-type Bc and/or Dc, a potent cold autoantibody reactive for red cells of all chimpanzees tested, and 'new' antibodies anti-Oc and anti-Pc. This study confirms the reproducibility of results obtained over a period of 13 years.
Creatinine excretion was studied in eight healthy males who collected 54 to 97 24-hour urine specimens. Significant differences among subjects in mean creatinine excretion were only partly explained by differences in body weight and surface area. Considerable daily within-subject variation in creatinine excretion during normal activity was found. Standard deviations were from 10.5 to 14.4 per cent of the mean, and ranges varied from 50 to 79 per cent of the mean. Day-to-day variation appeared to be time dependent rather than entirely random, and could not be explained by unreliability of the assay technique or by incomplete collections. Creatinine excretion values were normally distributed in seven of eight subjects. Individual variation from day to day limits the value of urinary creatinine excretion as an index of the completeness of 24-hour urine collections.
A gas chromatographic method has been employed to determine chlorthalidone in plasma and whole blood after therapeutic doses. Radioactively labelled chlorthalidone was used for in vitro studies of the uptake of chlorthalidone from plasma by red blood cells. Chlorthalidone was markedly concentrated in red cells and as a compartment they would account for at least 30% of total drug in the body after multiple doses. The ratio between the plasma and red cell concentration of chlorathidone varied between individuals. After a single oral dose of 50 mg in 6 healthy volunteers chlorthalidone was eliminated with a half-life of 51 to 89 hours. The apparent volume of distribution varied between 3 and 13 1/kg and the clearance between 53 and 145 ml/min. The mean steady-state plasma concentrations during treatment with a standard dose of 50 mg daily (n = 10) varied 5-fold between individuals. During the steady state approximately 50% of the daily dose was excreted unchanged in the urine during 24 hrs. The plasma levels observed in patients were higher than those preducted from the single oral dose studies in healthy volunteers.
A previous study had shown that only MZ twins are easily exchanged by trained police dogs. This is certainly due to the superimposability of the biochemical basis of body scent. A different approach has now been tried, based on plasma protein fractionating procedures. A pilot study has shown that PolyAcrilamide Gel Electrophoresis (PAGE) results, as expected, in widely different patterns only in DZ twin pairs. Plasma specimens from a sample of 55 supposedly MZ twin pairs were analysed by PAGE. The substantial superimposability of MZ cotwin patterns was confirmed. Analysis of the different fractions indicates the extent of environmental variability. Application to zygosity determination is suggested.
1. Complete ligation of the aorta between the origins of the two renal arteries in the rat produces a predictable form of accelerated hypertension. Changes in the blood pressure, plasma renin activity and renal histological lesions have been studied. 2. Group 1 rats and their control group (group 2) received tap water, and group 3 and its control group (group 4) received sodium chloride solution (0-154 mol/l) in place of tap water, for 4 weeks before aortic ligation. In the experimental groups 1 and 3, complete ligation was carried out. In groups 2 and 4 the aorta and renal arteries were exposed, but not ligated. Interlobular artery lesions were studied on a blind basis and graded 0-4 according to severity. 3. Groups 1 and 3 developed severe hypertension. In group 1 the raised mean arterial pressure showed a significant correlation with increased plasma renin activity. Both mean arterial pressure and plasma renin activity also showed a significant correlation with changes in interlobular arteries. In group 3 the raised mean arterial blood pressure did not show a significant correlation with the depressed plasma renin activity, or with changes in interlobular arteries. A significant correlation was, however, found between plasma renin activity and interlobular artery lesions in group 3. 4. These results suggest that the renin-angiotensin system may influence renal vascular lesions through some mechanism independent of the blood pressure.
Using the complement consumption test by double culture of Paramecium caudatum and Aerobacter cloacae (DPA) as antigen we examined blood sera and compared survival rates and stage of disease in 124 patients with carcinoma of cervix uteri, corpus uteri, ovaries and breast. The evidence suggests that bacteria Aerobacter cloacae constitute the proper antigenically effective substances of DPA. The intensity of reaction and therapy the relative titres of antibodies detected by the test were expressed by the amount of complement consumed in the reaction and designated by the abbreviation "NMHD", i. e. number of minimum haemolytic doses of complement fixed by antigen in the reaction. Patients with NMHD above 8 (i. e. with an intensive reaction corresponding to a high level of antibodies) exhibited partly higher three-year survival rates -- starting from the time of diagnosis, partly more often the clinical stages of disease I or II as compared with patients with NMHD below 4. The best survival rates were found in patients with NMHD above 8 and clinical stage I or II. NMHD values in patients with the initial period of disease and in healthy women did not differ substantially.
In 39 hospitalized patients with suspected gastrointestinal bleeding and given intravenous 51Cr-labeled red cells, reactions of three chemical spot tests for fecal occult blood were compared with the "true" blood loss as determined by stool radioassay. Guaiac reagent and orthotolidine (Hematest) tablets were extremely sensitive, but yielded false-positive reaction rates of 72% and 76%, respectively on the 240 stool specimens compared. A modified guaiac test (Hemoccult) exhibited a false positive rate of 12%. Of the 27 patients entering the study due to positive guaiac or Hematest screening tests, 17 (63%) were not bleeding. Hemoccult, approximately 1/4 as sensitive as guaiac and Hematest, could miss lesions with low rates of bleeding unless multiple stools were tested. While barium had no effect, iron therapy or laxatives tended to lower both false-positive and false-negative reactions for all reagents. A positive Hemoccult test usually indicated significant gastrointestinal bleeding and would appear to be the test of choice provided at least 3 stools are tested to minimize false-negative results.
The accumulation of lead in human scalp hair was compared in male and female children and adults from various locations in the United Sates, Japan, Yugoslavia, Iran, and South Africa. The most significant variables which influenced the concentration of lead in hair were ingestion of lead-containing substances, exposure to lead of environmental origin, place of residence, site from which the hair specimen was sampled relative to its distance from the scalp, and age. The least significant variables were sex and nutritional deficiencies.
Plasma pools, prepared from time-expired blood stored in plastic packs, were analysed for DEHP content and levels ranging from 0.78 to 7.42 mh DEHP/100 ml plasma obtained. The DEHP content of the Cohn fractions prepared from such plasma pools was estimated. Only very low levels of DEHP were found in the four therapeutically useful fractions and high levels in the discard fractions III and IV.
A radioimmunoassay of angiotensin I has been applied to the measurement of plasma renin activity. Angiotensin I was generated in plasma samples by 3 h incubation at 37 degrees C and pH 5.6 after addition of EDTA and Dowex. The generated amount of angiotensin I was measured by radioimmunoassay in the eluate of the Dowex column. With this method a negligible amount of angiotensin I was measured after incubation at 4 degrees C (0.8 ng/ml per 3 h). Eluate of blank plasma had no measurable effect on the standard curve. The mean recovery of angiotensin I was 87%. The limit of detection of the assay was 0.5 ng/ml per 3 h. The results obtained using different antisera were equal. A marked variation was found in immunological properties of different standard preparations of angiotensin I tested. The mean value of angiotensin I generation per Goldblatt Unit (G.U.) renin was 3.9 with 10-4 ng/h. In normotensive control subjects, the plasma renin concentration, whileon unrestricted diet and after 3 h of ambulation, was on average 0.39 with 10-minus 4 G.U./ml, range 0.12 with 10-minus 4-0.91 with 10-minus 4. With the use of the same plasma extracts for radioimmunoassay and bioassay, a perfect correlation was found between the plasma renin activities measured with both assays. The differences found between the results of both assays could be fully explained by the different biological activities of the standards used (Angiotensin I, Schwarz Mann, and Angiotensin II, Ciba-Geigy). With a direct radioimmunoassay, angiotensin I was generated in plasma by 3 h incubation at 37 degrees C and pH 5.6 after addition of phenylmethanesulfonyl fluoride, 8-hydroxyquinoline and 2,3-dimercaptopropanol (dimercaprol). The generated amount of angiotensin I was measured by the above mentioned radioimmunoassay. A fairish correlation was found between the generated amounts of angiotensin I measured in the Dowex eluate and those found in the incubated plasma. Especially in the lowest range, lower values were obtained by the latter assay. However, the generated amounts of angiotensin I measured in non-incubated plasma samples (3 h at 4 degrees C) was on average 6.4 ng/ml per 3 h and accounted for 748% of the amounts found after incubation at 37 degrees C.
The objectives of this research were to study effects of dietary neutral fat on the concentration and the fatty acid composition of triglyceride (TG) and other lipid classes in plasma, liver, and adipose tissue and, particularly, to study the temporal and precursor-product relationship among those various lipid pools. Accordingly, male rats were administered 1.5 ml. of safflower oil by gastric intubation at 0, 4, and 8 hours after a 16-hour fast. Samples of plasma, liver, and adipose tissue were collected from groups of rats before fat feeding (0 time, controls), during the period of feeding (4 and 8 hours), and at several times thereafter up to 36 hours (28 hours after the last meal). The esterified lipids in all lipid fractions of liver and plasma became enriched with linoleic acid (18:2) during the experiment. The enrichment of plasma and hepatic TG, and of plasma FFA with 18:2 was substantial, reaching a maximum 8 hours after the third meal, whereas only a modest enrichment of adipose tissue TG was observed. The enrichment with 18:2 of various lipid fractions proceeded in the following sequence: total plasma TG became enriched first with 18:2 of chylomicron TG fatty acids during the period of active absorption of fat. Second, plasma FFA were enriched with 18:2 derived presumably from metabolism of chylomicron TG. Subsequently, enrichment of hepatic TG with 18:2 was observed. After maximum enrichment was attained, the percentage of 18:2 in these various lipid pools decreased in the following order. The percentage of 18:2 in plasma FFA fell rapidly, followed by a slower decrease of the 18:2 content of plasma TG and, finally, by an even slower decline of the 18:2 content of hepatic TG. All lipid fractions except plasma FFA contained an increased content of 18:2 even 28 hours following the last fattly meal. It can be deduced from these temporal relationships that plasma TG is derived indirectly from dietary TG long after active absorption of dietary fat has ceased. The composition of hepatic TG is altered by dietary neutral fat, through the intermediary uptake of plasma FFA derived from metabolism of chylomicron TG; this hepatic TG, which reflects dietary fat, is a significant precursor pool of the plasma TG in the postabsorptive state.
The intra-subject correlations of three clinically meaningful combinations of serum constituents--(a) potassium, calcium, and albumin; (b) urea, creatinine, and uric acid; and (c) aspartate aminotransferase, lactate dehydrogenase, and alkaline phosphatase--were studied in 11 healthy men. Duplicate serum samples were obtained at 800 h, 1100 h, and 1400 h on five different days. All assays were performed on the AutoChemist Multichannel Analyzer. Correlation coefficients differed significantly among the subjects for the following six pairs of serum constituents: urea and creatinine, urea and uric acid, creatinine and uric acid, aspartate aminotransferase and lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate aminotransferase and alkaline phosphatase, and lactate dehydrogenase and alkaline phosphatase. Nonbiological positive correlation between analytical errors (i.e., errors of two different assays performed on the same specimen) was demonstrated for two of the pairs: potassium and calcium, and aspartate aminotransferase and lactate dehydrogenase. The error correlations of these two pairs of constituents comprised a significant component of the observed intra-subject correlations. Probable reasons for these analytical error correlations are discussed.
The relationship between changes in blood plasma amino acids and the quantity of protein and energy self-selected by the weanling rat, simultaneously offered two diets varying only in protein concentration, was examined. The changes in the quantity of protein and energy consumed by the rats, which were brought about by the addition of the essential limiting amino acids and groups of essential amino acids to gluten, casein, and zein, were not linearly related to alterations in the total plasma amino acid concentrations or to the accumulation of the added amino acids in the blood plasma. However a consistent relationship between food intake and plasma acids was identified when the plasma tryptophan to neutral amino acid ratio was correlated with the protein intake selected. It is postulated that the ratio of tryptophan to neutral amino acids in the plasma is involved in, or reflects, a mechanism regulating protein intake.
After 3 tests for male sex behavior, adult male guinea pigs were classified as either low-activity (LA, no ejaculations) or high-activity (HA, ejaculation during at least 2 behavior tests). In one experiment, resting levels of peripheral plasma testosterone (T), measured by radioimmunoassay, did not differ between the groups (LA=2.22 +/- 0.17 ng/ml, HA=2.09 +/- 0.11 ng/ml, X +/- SEM). However, plasma T levels were significantly higher in HA males 2 min after a sex test (2.27 +/- 0.24 ng/ml) than in LA males (1.40 +/- 0.20 ng/ml). A second experiment confirmed these results and also demonstrated that exposure of HA or LA males to an estrous female placed on the opposite side of a wire mesh barrier similarly led to higher T levels in HA than in LA males. These results indicate that a) behavioral differences between HA and LA guinea pigs are not attributable to differences in resting T levels, b) HA and LA males perceive the sex test situation differently, leading to slight increases in T in HA males and slight decreases in T in LA males, and c) these changes in T level are not dependent on copulation but can be induced by mere exposure to the sight smell and/or sound of an estrous female.
The usefulness of plasma antiepileptic drug concentrations in treatment of epilepsy has been established, and many laboratories provide this service. A "blind" survey utilizing pooled patient plasma samples was conducted among 197 laboratories in the United States and Canada to establish the interlaboratory reproducibility. Three "patient specimens" containing different amounts of phenobarbital, phenytoin (diphenylhydantoin), primidone, and ethosuximide were employed; 112 laboratories reported results within five weeks. The average cost for analyzing four drugs in a single sample was $43.27. Half of the laboratories reported results outside +/- 1 standard deviation of the mean of five reference laboratories. Wide interlaboratory variability must be considered by the practicing physician. Until certified antiepileptic drug standards in a biologic matrix are available from the National Bureau of Standards, a volunteer quality control program among laboratories is needed.
In planning a longitudinal study to characterize the natural history of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), we validated a new disease-specific quality of life questionnaire in a pilot study. We studied 110 men in Rochester, Minnesota who spanned the severity of BPH, from men with no known BPH to men who underwent surgery for this condition. Baseline data were obtained on all men, and the 30 who underwent prostatectomy were re-interviewed to test responsiveness. Reproducibility was examined on the pre-post responses (10 weeks apart) of the 37 men with BPH who did not undergo prostatectomy. Six of twelve question domains were retained in the final questionnaire on the basis of their responsiveness to change, reproducibility, internal consistency, and validity. These were: urinary symptoms, degree of bother due to urinary symptoms, BPH-specific interference with activities, general psychological well-being, worries and concerns, and sexual satisfaction. Most of the more generic measures were deleted.
Coke oven workers are exposed to high concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Only recently have methods been developed to try to assess the individual, biologically significant exposure. The only coke oven plant in Finland started to function in 1987, in Raahe, enabling the implementation of a cohort study among the workers to determine the usefulness of some currently available biomonitoring methods, e.g. methods of measuring PAH-DNA adducts. Urine and blood samples were taken several times from a sample of workers starting from before they worked at the plant. A questionnaire (smoking, diet, former and current occupations) was filled in by the workers at every sampling, and air samples (personal and stationary) were collected at the same time. The mean values of both benzo(a)pyrene diolepoxide (BPDE)-DNA adducts were measured by synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometry (SFS) and the antibodies to these adducts increased somewhat after the work at the plant started. However, all the adduct values were low, and no differences between the smokers and non-smokers at any time point were detected. Battery workers had slightly increased means of BPDE-DNA adducts compared to non-battery workers. Also, coke oven workers had slightly higher adduct values than age, sex and smoking matched controls.
The intracellular K+/Na+ ratio of various mammalian cell types are known to differ remarkably. Particularly noteworthy is the fact that erythrocytes of different mammalian species contain entirely different potassium and sodium concentrations. The human erythrocyte is an example of the supposedly "normal" high potassium cell, while the dog erythrocyte contains ten times more sodium than potassium ions (Table I). Furthermore, this difference is sustained despite the plasma sodium and potassium concentrations being almost identical in both species (high Na+ and low K+). In spite of these inorganic ion differences, both human and dog erythrocytes contain 33% dry material (mostly Hb) and 67% water. Conventional cell theory would couple cellular volume regulation with Na+ and K+ dependent ATPase activity which is believed to control intracellular Na+/K+ concentrations. Since the high Na+ and low K+ contents of dog erythrocytes are believed to be due to the lack of the postulated Na/K-ATPase enzyme, they must presumably have an alternative mechanism of volume regulation, otherwise current ideas of membrane ATPase activity coupled volume regulation need serious reconsideration. The object of our investigation was to explore the relationship between ATPase activity, ATP levels and the Na+/K+ concentrations in human and dog erythrocytes. Our results indicate that the intracellular ATP level in erythrocytes correspond with their K+, Na+ content. They are discussed in relation to conventional membrane transport theory and also to Ling's "association-induction hypothesis", the latter proving to be a more useful basis on which to interpret results.
Human cancer risk assessment at a genetic level involves the investigation of carcinogen metabolism and DNA adduct formation. Wide interindividual differences in metabolism result in different DNA adduct levels. For this and other reasons, many laboratories have considered DNA adducts to be a measure of the biologically effective dose of a carcinogen. Techniques for studying DNA adducts using chemically specific assays are becoming available. A modification of the 32P-postlabeling assay for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts described here provides potential improvements in quantification. DNA adducts, however, reflect only recent exposure to carcinogens; in contrast, genetic testing for metabolic capacity indicates the extent to which carcinogens can be activated and exert genotoxic effects. Such studies may reflect both separate and integrated risk factors together with DNA adduct levels. A recently described restriction fragment length polymorphism for the CYP1A1, which codes for the cytochrome P450 enzyme primarily responsible for the metabolic activation of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, has been found to be associated with lung cancer risk in a Japanese population. In a subset of individuals enrolled in a U.S. lung cancer case-control study, no association with lung cancer was found.
The urine mutagenicity and excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH PYR) in non-smoking psoriatic patients treated topically with coal-tar-based ointments were analysed in order to find the most appropriate procedure for monitoring occupational PAH exposure. The bacterial mutagenicity assays used were the plate incorporation, macro-scale fluctuation and microsuspension tests, all on Salmonella typhimurium strain TA98 in the presence of S9 mix and beta-glucuronidase. The sensitivities of the three assays in detecting mutagenic urinary PAH metabolites were compared. The efficiencies of XAD-2 and C18 resins for concentrating PAH urinary mutagens were evaluated in the microsuspension assay. The plate and fluctuation tests on XAD-2 urine extracts were shown to be insufficiently sensitive to detect low urinary levels of mutagens, being positive on urine samples with very high PAH metabolite content, estimated as more than 30 micrograms/g of creatinine of 1-OH PYR. The microsuspension assay on XAD-2 or, even better, on C18 urine extracts was very sensitive in detecting up to 5 micrograms/g of creatinine of 1-OH PYR. It therefore seems to be applicable to the biological monitoring of most occupational low exposures to coal tar.
1. The serum protein binding of theophylline was studied in 28 asthmatics and 11 patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) who were receiving the drug regularly. Peak theophylline samples were collected at 2 week intervals on four occasions in each asthmatic and on three occasions in each CF patient. The binding was measured using ultrafiltration at 37 degrees C and pH 7.4. The total and free (unbound) theophylline concentrations were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography. 2. The mean free-fractions (+/- s.d.) in asthmatics (0.50 +/- 0.03) and in CF patients (0.51 +/- 0.04) were not significantly different. The intra- and inter-subject variability in the free-fraction (fu) was relatively small in both patient groups. The binding was found to be concentration-independent at serum theophylline concentrations up to 30.9 micrograms ml-1. The effects of age, gender, serum albumin and total serum protein on the free fraction were evaluated. 3. The results indicate that the binding of theophylline is similar in the two disease states. The low degree of variability in serum theophylline binding indicates that measurements of total serum theophylline concentrations will reflect unbound serum concentrations with acceptable accuracy in both patient groups studied.
We conducted a pilot study to investigate the serum level patterns of 3 commercial and internationally introduced 8-methoxypsoralen (8-MOP) preparations in 9 patients for their bioequivalence and registered the interindividual variability of serum levels over 8 h after intake of 30 mg 8-MOP equivalent doses. On average, the highest serum levels (Cmax 120.1, range 235-61 ng.ml-1) were reached as early as 0.5-1 h after ingestion of Geroxalen soft gelatin capsules, whereas lower serum levels were seen after intake of the Oxsoralen hard gelatin capsules (Cmax 82.3, range 154-47 ng.ml-1) and the Mopsoralen tablets (Cmax 81.3, range 172-26 ng.ml-1). The importance of 8-MOP serum level determination for better and efficient PUVA therapy is discussed.
The selenium content of the 1989 harvest of wheat used for bread making in Scotland ranged from 0.028 microgram/g dry weight for home-grown wheat to 0.518 microgram/g for Canadian wheat. The tonnage values indicate that 13.8% of the wheat used in bread making came from Canada. This reflects in a calculated dietary intake of 31 micrograms/d which is well below the recommended levels of 70 and 55 micrograms for adult males and females respectively (National Research Council, 1989). The average glutathione peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.9) level in 478 samples of human whole blood was 6.08 (SE 0.065) units/ml. This increased to 6.65 (SE 0.321) in sixty-two subjects consuming brown or wholemeal bread but was unaffected by oily fish consumption. Analysis of a small number of samples of whole milk, eggs and meat indicated slightly higher concentrations than previously published values but this trend was insufficient to compensate for the lower cereal provision of Se.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) o-quinones are products of an NADP+ dependent oxidation of non-K-region trans-dihydrodiols catalyzed by dihydrodiol dehydrogenase (EC 1.3.1.20). Since these PAH o-quinones could be detoxified by non-enzymatic or enzymatic conjugation with cellular thiols, their reactivity with 2-mercaptoethanol, cysteine and glutathione (GSH) was examined by ion-pair reverse phase high pressure liquid chromatography (RP-HPLC). Second-order rate constants for the addition of these thiols to naphthalene-1,2-dione (NPQ) in water ranging from 4.9 x 10(3) - 1.1 x 10(4) min-1 M-1 and the reactions were complete within 10 min. When these reactions were conducted at near physiological pH (50 mM potassium phosphate buffer pH 7.0), the rate constants increased by 2-orders of magnitude. When benzo[a]pyrene-7,8-dione (BPQ) was substituted in these reactions the second-order rate constants decreased by 2-3 orders of magnitude and the reactions took several hours to reach completion. The decrease in reactivity can be explained by the presence of the bay region in BPQ. Methylation influenced the reactivity of PAH o-quinones with GSH and the following order of reactivity was observed: 7,12-dimethyl-benz[a]anthracene-3,4-dione (7,12-DMBAQ) > 12-methyl-BAQ, 7-methyl-BAQ and BAQ > BPQ. Of these quinones 7,12-dimethyl-BAQ was almost equi-reactive with NPQ. This suggests that methyl substitution in the bay and peri regions enhances reactivity with GSH. Using NPQ as a model for other PAH o-quinones, N-acetyl-L-cysteine, L-cysteine and GSH conjugates of NPQ were synthesized and characterized by [1H]- and [13C]NMR. Evidence for Michael type 1,4-addition products was obtained in which the resultant adduct could exist as either a catechol or o-quinone. By contrast, L-cysteine was able to form adducts via S- or N-attack and N-attack gave a purple p-iminoquinone. There was no evidence for the formation of bis-N-acetyl-L-cysteinyl-, bis-glutathionyl adducts or phenolic coupled products. The toxicity of thiol conjugates of NPQ remains to be explored.
A biomonitoring protocol, using blood cholinesterase (ChE) activity in livestock as a monitor of potential organophosphate nerve agent exposure during the planned destruction of US unitary chemical warfare agent stockpiles, is described. The experimental design included analysis of blood ChE activity in individual healthy sheep, horses, and dairy and beef cattle during a 10- to 12-month period. Castrated and sexually intact males, pregnant and lactating females, and adult and immature animals were examined through at least one reproductive cycle. The same animals were used throughout the period of observation and were not exposed to ChE-inhibiting organophosphate or carbamate compounds. A framework for an effective biomonitoring protocol within a monitoring area includes establishing individual baseline blood ChE activity for a sentinel group of 6 animals on the bases of blood samples collected over a 6-month period, monthly collection of blood samples for ChE-activity determination during monitoring, and selection of adult animals as sentinels. Exposure to ChE-inhibiting compounds would be suspected when all blood ChE activity of all animals within the sentinel group are decreased greater than 20% from their own baseline value. Sentinel species selection is primarily a logistical and operational concern; however, sheep appear to be the species of choice because within-individual baseline ChE activity and among age and gender group ChE activity in sheep had the least variability, compared with data from other species. This protocol provides an effective and efficient means for detecting abnormal depressions in blood ChE activity in livestock and can serve as a valuable indicator of the extent of actual plume movement and/or deposition in the event of organophosphate nerve agent release.
Catecholamine release from sympathetic nerves and the adrenal medulla is influenced by diet under controlled research conditions. To test whether diet affects catecholamine excretion in free-living men, the urinary content of dopamine (DA), epinephrine (Epi), or norepinephrine (NE) was measured in 24-h collections provided by 572 participants of the Normative Aging Study of the Veterans Administration. Average daily intakes of energy and macronutrients were assessed by means of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and sodium intake by quantitation of sodium excretion. Catecholamine excretion was also examined in relation to anthropometric variables. Because DA and Epi excretion were inversely related to age, all subsequent analyses included adjustments for age. Although DA and NE were positively related to measures of body size and fatness, Epi was negatively related to body fatness. Excretion rates of all three catecholamines were directly related to total energy intake and inversely related to energy-adjusted CHO consumption.
Studies on cigarette smoking related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in blood have produced conflicting results. To determine whether a subset of specific white blood cells is a useful marker for monitoring exposure to cigarette smoke, blood was obtained from 63 heavy smokers and 27 non-smokers. Adduct levels were determined by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay with a polyclonal antiserum recognizing benzo[a]pyrene and structurally related diolepoxide-DNA adducts. Analysis of the lymphocyte plus monocyte fraction from smokers indicated 70% had detectable adducts with a mean of 4.38 +/- 4.29 adducts/10(8) nucleotides, while in non-smokers the corresponding values were 22% and 1.35 +/- 0.78/10(8) (P < 0.001). Plasma cotinine levels differed significantly in smokers (286 +/- 90 micrograms/l) compared to non-smokers (4.4 +/- 3.3 micrograms/l) (P < 0.001). However, cotinine was not correlated with self-reported smoking history in these heavy smokers. Nor were DNA adducts in smokers correlated with cigarettes per day, pack-years and plasma cotinine, indicating large interindividual variation in DNA adduct formation. These data demonstrate lymphocytes plus monocytes from smokers have elevated levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diolepoxide-DNA adduct levels compared to non-smokers.
Chloral hydrate is used as a sedative in infants requiring ventilatory support. The metabolites, trichloroethanol and trichloroacetic acid, accumulate in the serum and are protein bound. The possibility that these chemicals might compete with bilirubin for albumin binding was tested using the peroxidase method and a dialysis rate method. Chloral hydrate and trichloroethanol had no effect on bilirubin-albumin binding. Trichloroacetic acid affects bilirubin-albumin binding but to a degree that would be dangerous only in infants with an unusual accumulation of this metabolite.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the variability of protein excretion in patients with proteinuric hypertension and the accuracy of either a urinary protein/creatinine ratio or a Multistix examination for the estimation of a 24 h protein excretion. DESIGN: An indwelling urinary catheter was placed for 24 h and successive 8 h specimens examined. SETTING: A tertiary referral hospital in Cape Town, South Africa. SUBJECTS: 22 women with significant proteinuria in pregnancy were studied. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The urine volume, protein excretion and creatinine excretion in eight hourly periods were measured. Multistix examination of each specimen was recorded. RESULTS: A large coefficient of variation in urine volume (41%), amount of protein excreted (44%) and the amount of creatinine excreted (22%) in the eight hourly specimens were noted. The protein creatinine ratio did not accurately predict the 24 h protein excretion. The Multistix examination was less accurate with increasing amounts of proteinuria. The amount of creatinine excreted correlated with the volume of urine passed (r = 0.43). CONCLUSION: The analysis of a 24 h specimen or urine for protein excretion remains the best method of monitoring proteinuria in pregnancy. The amount of creatinine excreted in 24 h cannot be used as an index of completeness of collection of the 24 h specimen. 
Twelve nonlactating dairy cows, free of signs of liver disease and with normal serum activities of liver-derived enzymes and normal liver biopsy tissue, were examined over a 72-hour period for serum total bile acid concentrations. The cattle were fed hay twice daily, and blood samples were obtained every hour for 24 hours, every other hour for 24 hours, then every hour for 24 hours. After 3 weeks, the study was repeated on 6 of the cattle, thus providing data for eighteen 72-hour periods. Serum bile acid concentration varied greatly over the 72 hours, with the range being from one third to 3 times the median. There were variations by as much as 60 mumol/L from 1 hour to the next. After another 3 weeks, 8 of the cattle were deprived of hay for 48 hours and then fed hay morning and afternoon of the third (last) day of the study. There was no significant reduction in bile acid concentration after withholding the hay, but the variability was reduced (P = 0.02) during the last 20 hours of the hay-deprivation period. In 3 ancillary studies, serum bile acid concentrations were examined over a 48-hour period in 2 cows in early lactation, 3 cows in midlactation, and two 6-month-old heifers. The cows were fed hay and grain twice daily, and the heifers were fed only hay twice daily. In comparison with values for the 12 nonlactating cows fed hay twice daily, mean serum bile acid concentration in the recently freshened cows was significantly (P < 0.002) higher (62.9 vs 22.0 mumol/L).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVES: Characterisation of the airborne concentration of 13 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) at various workplaces in a graphite electrode and a coke production plant. Validation of the urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (hydroxypyrene) as a biological marker of exposure to PAH. DESIGN: Cross sectional study of workers exposed to PAHs (106 in the graphite electrode producing plant and 16 in the coke works). METHODS: Personal air sampling during at least six hours per workshift using a glass fibre filter and a Chromosorb 102 solid sorbent tube and analysis of PAHs by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and spectrofluorometric detection (SFD). Collection of spot urine samples before and after the shift and analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene by HPLC and SFD. RESULTS: The workers most exposed to PAHs were those occupied at the topside area of the coke oven plant and those working in the blending and impregnation areas of the graphite electrode producing plant (mean airborne concentration of total PAHs: 199 and 223 micrograms/m3 respectively). Except for naphthalene and perylene, the relative proportion of the different PAHs did not differ between the plants. Pyrene concentration in air was highly correlated with the total airborne PAH concentration (r = 0.83, p < 0.0001) and the correlation coefficients between hydroxypyrene concentration in postshift urine samples and pyrene or total PAHs in air were 0.67 (p < 0.0001) and 0.72 (p < 0.0001) respectively. Excretion of hydroxypyrene doubled when the exposure to pyrene in air increased 10-fold. The half life for the urinary excretion of hydroxypyrene was around 18 hours (95% confidence interval 16.1-19.8). Smoking habits only explained 2.3% of the variance in hydroxypyrene excretion compared with 45% for the pyrene concentration in air. CONCLUSION: The determination of the urinary excretion of hydroxypyrene in postshift urine samples can be used as a suitable biomarker to assess individual exposure to PAHs in coke ovens and in graphite electrode manufacturing plants. 
Egg output in urinary schistosomiasis can be influenced by several factors, such as time of collection of urine, day to day variations, seasonal variations and environmental conditions. Additionally there are unavoidable random errors inherent in every test procedure. To assess the precision of Schistosoma haematobium egg counts, carried out after paper filtration, two measures are determined, namely repeatability (r) and reproducibility (R). 10 aliquots of 10 urine samples are examined by 5 microscopists and values for r and R are calculated following the methods of the British Standards Institution (BSI, 1987). Results show unexpectedly high values for the 2 measures in relation to the overall means in all 10 urine samples, and analyses of variance confirm that there are large variations between aliquots of equal volume drawn from the same urine specimen, highly significant in all 10 urine specimens; variations between microscopists are considerably lower and only highly significant in one urine specimen. The Poisson heterogeneity test for all urine samples refutes in 9 out of 10 cases the hypothesis that aliquots of equal volume taken from a well mixed urine sample could reasonably be drawn from a Poisson distribution. It is therefore concluded that egg counts are very valuable for community studies and should always be performed, but results must be interpreted with more caution than before and great care taken in analyzing counts (especially in longitudinal studies), in classifying them and in relating them to morbidity.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Tissue hypoxia is thought to be pivotal to the development of multiple organ failure, but cannot be measured directly in clinical practice. We assessed the relationship between initial arterial blood lactate concentrations and the presence of the phenomenon of delivery-dependent oxygen consumption, both of which may indicate tissue hypoxia. Twenty-three critically ill patients with septic shock and adult respiratory distress syndrome were studied prospectively and allocated to one of two groups according to blood lactate concentrations. In group 1, blood lactate concentration was less than the level widely accepted as significant (2 mmol.l-1); in group 2, the concentration exceeded 2 mmol.l-1. In both groups, resuscitation with colloid, blood and vasoactive drugs resulted in significant increases in oxygen delivery; in group 1 (n = 13), mean (SEM) oxygen delivery increased from 484 (36) to 730 (44) ml.min-1.m-2 (p < 0.005) and in group 2 (n = 10) from 550 (54) to 780 (54) ml.min-1.m-2 (p < 0.05). In neither group was there a significant change in oxygen consumption. However, there were individuals in both groups who exhibited pathological delivery dependence. This suggests that the absence of hyperlactataemia does not preclude delivery dependence of oxygen consumption with the attendant potential for tissue hypoxia.
Laser Doppler Flowmetry (LDF) was used to characterize skin blood perfusion variations present within the Homozygous Hairless mouse ear microvasculature as a function of 1) arteriolar level within the microvasculature, 2) animal age and 3) LDF probe distance above the tissue being studied. To this end blood perfusion measurements (arbitrary perfusion units) were made in the ear at vascular sites in the vicinity of primary vessels (site A), secondary vessels (site B), tertiary vessels (site C), and peripheral zones distant from larger vessels. These were done without any invasive procedures save anesthesia administration and were carried out at three different tissue-probe distances (0.5, 0.75 and 1.0 mm) on three groups of eight mice each with ages of three, five and eight weeks. Results show a significant gradient in perfusion from sites A to D in each age group and a significant increase in perfusion with increasing age. The effect of probe-tissue distance variations on perfusion values was found to be significant between 0.5 mm and 1.0 mm but overall differences were small. In addition to these specific findings the present results demonstrate the potential of LDF as a means of detecting, evaluating and correlating perfusion changes, either by itself or as a complementary method to detailed microvascular measurements using conventional in vivo microscopy.
Patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy are so malnourished that energy supplementation is crucial. Their degree of energy deficiency was assessed as difference between their energy intake and their energy allowance, which were deduced from easily measured parameters. A significant, negative relationship was found between the basal metabolic rate (BMR) (Y, %, BMR/standard BMR) and body weight (X, %, body weight/standard body weight) in the patients, from which the formula for the BMR was deduced to be Y = -1.116X + 174.5 (n = 202, r = -0.72, p less than 0.001). Thus, it is possible to estimate the energy allowance for individual patients by a factorial procedure from the presumed BMR and a factor for physical activity. In addition, their energy intake was calculated from a constant protein-energy % (14.6%) in their diet and nitrogen intake which was deduced from a significant positive correlation between their nitrogen intake (Y, mg/kg/day) and their nitrogen excretion in 24 h urine samples (X, mg/kg/day). This correlation conformed to the equation Y = 1.053X + 32.4 (n = 267, r = +0.76, p less than 0.001). The validities of the above predictions for energy intake and allowance were examined by plotting the degree of energy deficiency (% ratio of presumed intake/presumed allowance) against the concentrations of retinal binding protein, prealbumin and transferrin in the serum, because rapid turnover proteins are sensitive to energy deficiency. Significant positive correlations were obtained with both variables, suggesting that these predictions were valid.
Two cases of acute hepatic failure are reported in which the diagnosis of Wilson's disease was considered because of low serum ceruloplasmin, low serum copper levels and high 24 h urinary copper. Case 1 had Kayser-Fleischer rings, haemolysis and a high 24 h urinary copper, and so Wilson's disease was confidently diagnosed. Case 2 had high urinary copper excretion, but [64Cu] study indicated a 24:2 h ratio of 0.7 and made the diagnosis of Wilson's disease uncertain. Both patients underwent orthotopic hepatic transplantation, and multiple biopsies were taken from the resected specimen in order to estimate hepatic copper levels. In both cases, hepatic copper levels revealed considerable variation: 0.8-5.2 mumol/g dry wt (case 1) vs 0.02-12.65 mumol/g dry wt (case 2). In case 1, only two of 14 levels were within the diagnostic range for Wilson's disease (greater than 4 mumol/g dry wt), whereas hepatic copper levels in case 2 were in the Wilsonian disease range in three of 16 specimens. These results were in contrast to uniformly high hepatic copper levels in one patient with established cirrhosis secondary to Wilson's disease and two cases of primary biliary cirrhosis. This report indicates that hepatic copper levels vary greatly in acute liver failure, and that estimates from a single biopsy specimen may be misleading as to the cause of the underlying liver disease.
Bidirectional laser Doppler velocimetry (BLDV) for the measurement of retinal blood flow was validated in six anaesthetised minipigs, by comparing BLDV derived results with those obtained using radioactively labelled microspheres (RLM). The mean velocity of blood (Vmean) was calculated from the maximum red blood cell velocity measured by BLDV. Volumetric flow rate was determined from Vmean and vessel diameter, measure from monochromatic fundus photographs. Total retinal blood flow (TRBF) was calculated by summating flow values obtained for each retinal vein draining into the optic disc. A significant correlation was found between the TRBF results obtained by the two techniques (r = 0.99, p less than 0.001). The BLDV results were between 3-35 microliters/min lower than the corresponding RLM results (p = 0.05). Values of 57 +/- 24 microliters/min and 76 +/- 34 microliters/min were obtained for TRBF using the BLDV and RLM techniques respectively. Reproducibility studies with BLDV were also performed in six anaesthetised pigs over three hours and in six normal human volunteers over two hours and two weeks. No significant difference between measurements was found with time. Ninety five percent confidence limits of +/- 9.8% for the six pigs and +/- 8.9% for the six human volunteers were found for measurements on the same day and at two weeks. We conclude that with a sample size of six, changes in flow of approximately 20% can be detected using BLDV and monochromatic fundus photography.
The significance of diet as an exposure route for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and the associated kinetics of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHPY) elimination were examined through a controlled human exposure study. Results showed that a 100 to 250-fold increase in a dietary benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) dose paralleled a four to 12-fold increase in urinary 1-OHPy elimination. Mean elimination rates during minimal exposure periods ranged from 6 to 17 ng/h whereas peak elimination rates of 60 to 189 ng/h were seen after a meal high in PAHs. A biexponential model fitted to a limited number of urinary 1-OHPY elimination points gave mean kinetic parameter estimates for t1/2 of 4.4 hours and tmax of 6.3 hours. It is concluded that dietary exposure to PAHs is potentially as substantial as some occupational exposures and therefore requires consideration in studies of exposure to PAHs. The dietary control strategies and the kinetic parameters defined in this investigation provide data for the control of this exposure route when examining other sources of exposure.
We evaluated anthropometric measurements, blood pressures, dietary intakes, and self-perceived body image of 352 Navajo Indian adolescents. Thirty-three percent of the girls and 25% of the boys were obese according to a body mass index criterion. Navajo youth tended to have larger skinfolds than their white (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey II) and Mexican American (Hispanic Health and Nutrition Examination Survey) counterparts, with the greater difference in the subscapular skinfolds indicating a greater amount of truncal rather than peripheral fat. When divided into lower, middle, and upper thirds of body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were positively related with increasing body mass index for girls, and systolic blood pressure and body mass index were related among boys. The high prevalence of obese adolescents and the apparent effect of the increased weight on blood pressure in this population indicate the need for interventions aimed at improving dietary habits and fitness levels.
Biological monitoring of exposure to bitumen fumes during road-paving operations was carried out. In order to evaluate the biological uptake of the workers, the nonselective urinary thioether assay and a selective method for the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene were used. Urinary thioether data of exposed workers were higher than those of nonexposed subjects. The effect of smoking, however, was stronger than the effect of occupational exposure. Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in road-paving workers were significantly higher than those in control subjects. The 1-hydroxypyrene level was also influenced by smoking habits, but the effect of occupational exposure was stronger. Our present data suggest that enhanced urine levels of both thioethers and 1-hydroxypyrene in bitumen workers may indicate an increased genotoxic risk. Furthermore, our results demonstrate the applicability of the 1-hydroxypyrene assay after occupational exposure to petroleum-based products.
The major source of endogenous estrogens in postmenopausal women is the aromatization of androgens to estrogens; because alcohol is known to increase aromatization, the relationship between moderate alcoholic beverage consumption and serum estradiol levels was evaluated in 128 normal postmenopausal women. Alcohol intake was based on a composite of self-report and food record information. Among the 78.8% of women reporting alcohol use, weekly intake was 4.8 +/- 0.6 drinks. Among abstainers, estradiol levels were 100.8 +/- 12.1 pmol/liter, significantly lower than in alcohol users, 162.6 +/- 11.9 pmol/liter. Significant bivariate correlations were found between the logarithm of estradiol and total weekly drinks. In multiple linear regression analyses inclusion of alcohol as a variable increased the amount of explained variation in estradiol. Similar findings were demonstrable when the crude estimator of aromatization, the estradiol:testosterone ratio logarithm was the dependent variable. Together, these findings suggest that moderate alcohol use is an important factor for postmenopausal estrogen status and may offer a partial explanation for the reported protective effect of moderate alcohol consumption with respect to postmenopausal cardiovascular disease risk.
A rapid urinary luteinizing hormone (LH) test was used to plan a late luteal phase endometrial biopsy from 20 women undergoing an infertility evaluation. Histologic dating was correlated with the day of urinary LH surge detection, the day of the basal body temperature (BBT) nadir, and the onset of the next menstrual period (NMP). From 17 interpretable specimens, histologic dating correlated well with the day of the biopsy as determined following a positive LH test detection (P = 0.079). No correlation was found following the BBT shift (P = 0.65), and it was significantly correlated with the NMP (P = 0.016). Moreover, the urinary LH test showed to be the best method to predict the onset of the NMP. These findings confirm urinary LH testing as a valuable adjunct in the investigation of luteal phase disorders.
The aim of the study was to determine interobserver variation in the interpretation of the course of serum enzyme concentration changes in suspected acute myocardial infarction. The study was performed retrospectively and had no relation to the treatment of the patients. In 107 patients, two specialists in cardiology, two specialists in internal medicine, and two trainees, independently evaluated courses of enzyme concentrations and decided whether they were suggestive of acute myocardial infarction. Frequency of positive assessments varied for the six observers from 33 to 53% (P less than 0.01). Pairwise comparison of observers showed a median agreement rate of 0.90 (range 0.78 to 0.96). After adjusting for chance agreement a median kappa value of 0.79 (range 0.56-0.92), was achieved. No difference was found in level of agreement between specialists and trainees. Interobserver variation is an important consideration in the interpretation of the course of serum enzyme concentrations and may have an extensive impact on the final diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of dietary calcium with blood pressure in young children. DESIGN: Cohort. SETTING: General community. SUBJECTS: Eighty-nine boys and girls, aged 3 to 6 years, from The Framingham Children's Study. MEASUREMENTS: During the first year of the study, we derived nutrient data from multiple food diaries (a mean of 9.6 days of recording for each subject). At the beginning of the second year of the study, we obtained anthropometric data and up to five blood pressure readings (mean, 4.5) on each child at a single sitting. RESULTS: The range of subjects' average daily calcium intake was 4.9 to 19.6 mmol per 4200 kJ, with a mean of 12.8 mmol per 4200 kJ. Subjects' average systolic blood pressure ranged from 73 to 129 mm Hg, with a mean of 95.9 mm Hg; for diastolic blood pressure, the range was 37 to 78 mm Hg, mean 54.6 mm Hg. Multiple linear regression analysis, adjusted for the effects of sex, height, body mass index, and heart rate, showed that for each increment of 2.5 mmol of dietary calcium per 4200 kJ per day, systolic blood pressure was 2.27 mm Hg lower (95% confidence interval, 0.63 to 3.91 mm Hg; P = .008). We found no such association for diastolic blood pressure. CONCLUSION: Dietary calcium is inversely related to systolic blood pressure in young children. 
We determined the concentrations of ethanol in nearly simultaneous specimens of venous blood (BAC) and end-expired breath (BrAC) after healthy volunteers drank moderate amounts of alcohol. BAC was measured at two laboratories and BrAC was analyzed with two instruments (Intoxilyzer 5000) from the same manufacturer. The mean difference in BAC between laboratories was 0.0105 mg/g (SD 0.0219); 95% of the differences ranged from -0.0333 to 0.0543 mg/g. The mean difference in BrAC between instruments was 0.0153 mg/L (SD 0.0136), and 95% of the differences ranged from -0.0119 to 0.0425 mg/L. The coefficient of variation (CV) between laboratories was 2.9% compared with 4.5% between breath-test instruments. Venous BAC (y) and BrAC (x) were highly correlated (r = 0.978). However, when the Intoxilyzer instruments indicated that BrAC had reached zero, the actual BAC was 0.135 mg/g, according to the average forensic laboratory reports. The Intoxilyzer 5000 breath analyzers used in this study seem to have a constant analytical bias.
Sun sensitivity is a major risk factor for melanoma, basal cell carcinoma, and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. Several variables have been used in epidemiologic studies to measure sun sensitivity. The present study assesses their validity and combines them to form a prediction rule for an objective measure of sun sensitivity, the minimal erythema dose of ultraviolet B radiation required to produce visibility reddened skin (MED). Participants were 116 patients with psoriasis presenting for phototherapy who completed a sun sensitivity questionnaire. Of the 14 questionnaire items evaluated, 10 were associated with the MED beyond expectation based on chance. The closest association was with the skin type (of Fitzpatrick), a 4-point scale based on historical ability to tan and susceptibility to sunburn. Color of untanned skin and hair were also independent predictors, and were included in the final prediction rule, which correlated 0.55 with MED. Combining items yields a more accurate predictor of sun sensitivity than any one or two individual response variables, and hence may be preferable for epidemiologic studies.
Smokers of cigarettes are exposed to a number of carcinogens, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and are at a high risk for lung cancer. PAHs exert their carcinogenic activity after metabolic activation to reactive intermediates that can damage DNA through adduct formation. Measuring DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells (WBC) could serve as a means of monitoring human exposure to genotoxic agents and subsequently risk assessment. In this study, DNA from WBC obtained from 39 lung cancer patients was examined for PAH-DNA adducts both in an ELISA using a polyclonal antibody against benzo[a]pyrene 7,8-diol-9,10-epoxide (BPDE)-DNA and the 32P-post-labeling technique. The ELISA results showed BPDE-DNA antigenicity in WBC DNA from 12/38 (32%) patients and adduct levels ranged from 1.5 to greater than 150 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides. The autoradiographs of chromatograms of 32P-post-labeled digests of WBC DNA from the 38 patients showed a variety of adduct spots; relative adduct labeling (RAL) values ranged from 0.3 to 407 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides. In 18 of the 38 (47%) persons an adduct spot was detected that co-chromatographed with the major BPDE-DNA adduct (BPDE-dG); RAL values ranged from 0.03 to 382 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides. Correlations were not significant between the adduct levels in WBC and smoking habits, age or sex. From 20 patients of the same group lung tissue was collected at surgery and examined for PAH-DNA adducts by ELISA and 32P-post-labeling assay. No significant correlation was found between DNA adduct levels in blood and lung. This finding stresses the limitations of the use of WBC as a surrogate for adduct levels in the target organ.
Dietary intake and biochemical nutritional status was studied in patients who had undergone total gastrectomy (TG, n = 10) or partial gastrectomy (PG, n = 10) several years ago. The dietary intake of energy, macronutrients and micronutrients was very similar in the two groups and was also similar to the intake reported for healthy subjects in Sweden. The concentration of alpha-tocopherol in serum was subnormal in the TG group and that of carotene in both groups of patients, and the values were also significantly lower in the TG group than in the PG group. This was probably due to fat malabsorption, since dietary intake was found to be adequate. The proportions of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum phosphatidylcholine were not significantly different between the TG and PG groups. Iron deficiency was found in three patients in the TG group. Three patients (two TG, one PG) had elevated serum alkaline phosphatase and one patient (PG) had subnormal cobalamin concentration. For ascorbic acid, folate, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, copper and selenium, the serum concentrations were normal or close to normal. Although the stores of some micronutrients seemed smaller after total gastrectomy, no major differences in nutritional status were found between the TG and PG groups. For the demonstration of decreased micronutrient stores during long-term follow-up after gastrectomy, an extended profile of biochemical markers of nutritional status is recommended.
Glutathione transferases (GST) are detoxifying enzymes who act with many endogenous and exogenous substances such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). The GST activity towards trans-stilbene oxide (GST-tSBO) is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion and can be separated in high (GST-positive) and low (GST-negative) phenotypes when measured in blood. Human fibroblast cultures were established from males matched for age, smoking habits and clinical manifestations of atherosclerosis. Matched pairs of GST-negative and GST-positive fibroblasts were studied. There was a very strong correlation between the levels of GST-tSBO in peripheral blood and in cultured fibroblasts within the same individual. When fibroblasts were exposed to benzo(a)pyrene (BP) or dimethylbenzanthracene (DMBA) GST-negative cells produced relatively more collagen than GST-positive cells. GST-negative fibroblasts showed a greater cell death than GST-positive fibroblasts as well among controls as after exposure to PAH. It is concluded that lack of GST-tSBO is easily discriminated in cultured skin fibroblasts. GST-negative and GST-positive fibroblasts showed different susceptibility towards some toxic stimuli that might be of importance in atherogenesis.
The effects of dietary level of tryptophan (TRP) and CP content and composition on voluntary feed intake, growth performance, and carcass characteristics in finishing pigs were studied in two experiments, with an equal number of females and castrated males. In Exp. 1, involving 120 Large White pigs from 44 to 99 kg BW with ad libitum access to feed, six treatments were compared according to a 2 x 3 factorial arrangement: 1) two levels of TRP (.09 and .13%), suboptimal and optimal for growth, respectively, 2) three types of CP supply (a 12.5% CP diet based on corn-soybean meal, and adequately balanced for essential amino acids [EAA] other than TRP; 15.7% CP diet with additional protein from corn gluten meal; 16.2% CP diet with additional nonessential amino acids [NEAA, in the form of L-glutamic acid.HCl and glycine], and the same levels of EAA as in the 12.5% CP diet. In Exp. 2, including four of the six previous factorial combinations (.09 and .13% TRP, 12.3 and 15.8% CP with additional protein), 32 pigs of 50-kg initial BW were used during 21 d, and further observations on meat quality characteristics, plasma free amino acid levels, and serotonin concentrations in the posterior hypothalamus were made. The major observed effects were interactions of different magnitude according to sex between TRP level and the amount and the composition of additional CP. At the suboptimal level of .09% TRP, the increase in protein content severely decreased daily feed intake and growth compared with the .13% level, especially in females. Conversely, the addition of NEAA at both TRP levels had little effect on daily feed intake and growth. Deficiency of TRP exerted a significant increase of pH in adductor femoris and semimembranosus muscles measured 45 min and 24 h postmortem, but only in females. Voluntary feed intake, as affected by dietary TRP and CP levels, was linearly related with concomitant changes in TRP to large neutral amino acids (TRP:LNAA) ratio both in feed and in plasma, which in turn was directly associated to hypothalamic serotonin concentration. It was concluded that an overly low concentration of serotonin in the hypothalamus, especially in females, as a result of TRP:LNAA imbalance, could be involved in the reduction of voluntary feed intake.
The evaluation and management of hypertension is based on indirect blood pressures obtained in the office (COBPs) using the mercury sphygmomanometer. The usefulness of COBPs is limited by factors such as observer bias, which confound the ability to discern the true blood pressure value. Automated portable monitors have been marketed, which also measure blood pressure (ABP) indirectly throughout 24 hours, but without human intervention. Acceptance of a new device that indirectly records blood pressure depends largely on its the agreement with the established method of blood pressure measurement. This review compares the variability of blood pressures collected indirectly by standard mercury sphygmomanometer and by an auscultatory automated portable blood pressure monitor. The results indicate that blood pressure, when measured indirectly in a hypertensive patient, is quite variable. Automated blood pressures were lower and demonstrated less within-subject variability during repeated measures than COBPs. The agreement between ABPs and COBPs was better than the agreement between COBPs alone on successive visits. In addition, the mean hourly blood pressure profiles recorded throughout 24 hours by automated and manual methods from ten hypertensive patients were nearly identical. These data suggest that blood pressures measured by auscultatory automated methods are similar to and representative of those obtained manually.
STUDY OBJECTIVE: The aim was to assess the interrelationship between alcohol intake, cigarette smoking, body weight, and blood lipid concentrations. DESIGN: This was the cross sectional (screening) phase of a prospective study. The main outcome measure was the blood lipids (serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides). SETTING: General practices in 24 towns (The British Regional Heart Study). SUBJECTS: Subjects were 7735 men aged 40-59 years, selected at random from the age-sex registers of one group practice in each of the 24 towns. RESULTS: Univariate analysis showed little association between alcohol intake and total cholesterol, a strong positive relation with HDL cholesterol, and a significant increase in triglycerides in heavy drinkers. A strong positive association between alcohol intake and body weight was present in non-smokers but not in moderate/heavy smokers. With the exception of HDL cholesterol, the relationships between alcohol intake and serum lipids were significantly different in smokers and non-smokers, apparently due to the opposing effect of smoking on blood lipids and body weight. Total cholesterol and triglycerides were significantly and positively associated with alcohol intake in non-smokers, the cholesterol association being largely mediated by the influence of alcohol on body weight. In smokers, no such association was seen: current smokers who were heavy drinkers or non-drinkers had the lowest mean cholesterol levels. CONCLUSIONS: The association between alcohol intake and body weight and alcohol intake and blood lipids are strongly conditioned by cigarette smoking. Simple standardisation for smoking in multivariate analyses may obscure the independent relationship with alcohol. These findings are of importance in studies seeking to relate alcohol intake, body weight, or cigarette smoking to blood lipid concentrations, or blood lipid concentration to morbidity or mortality. 
The interindividual and intraindividual variations of both MNL beta 2-adrenergic receptor density and dissociation constant of binding were evaluated in 19 healthy volunteers. In addition the possible relationships between catecholamine plasma levels and MNL beta 2-adrenergic receptor density were studied in 8 of these subjects. The volunteers were studied three times with ten days' interval. There was a significant inverse relationship between receptor density and norepinephrine plasma levels, only. Neither epinephrine nor dopamine were correlated with receptor density. Interindividual coefficient of variation was 29.57%. The mean value of the intraindividual coefficients of variation was 14.1%, while the mean value of the analytical coefficients of variation was 10%. Our results are at some variance with data in the literature and may contribute to elucidate the role of MNL beta 2-adrenergic receptors as an index of sympathetic function in man.
We have examined the association between variation at the apolipoprotein (apo) B gene and apo AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster and within-individual variation in serum cholesterol levels. Annual measurements were available over a period of 5-10 years in a group of 117 male patients with peripheral arterial disease. The overall within-individual coefficient of variation in cholesterol levels over time was 13.9%. For all patients, Restriction Fragment Length Polymorphism (RFLP) genotype at the apo B gene (XbaI and EcoRI) and apo AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster (XmnI, PstI and PvuII-CIII) had previously been determined. At the apo B locus, individuals heterozygous for either the XbaI or EcoRI RFLP showed significantly greater within-individual variability over time compared to individuals of other genotypes. At the apo AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster, individuals homozygous for the common allele of either the PstI or PvuIIA RFLPs showed the greatest within-individual variability over time but there was no difference in this estimate associated with XmnI genotype. Our observations suggest that variation at both the apo B and apo AI-CIII-AIV loci interacts with unidentified environmental factors to determine individual variability in serum cholesterol levels over time.
The ability of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) to induce chromosome aberrations and sister chromatid exchanges (SCE) in peripheral lymphocytes was studied in a group of workers occupationally exposed to PCBs during the production of the Czechoslovak PCB products Delor 103 and Delor 106. The effect of PCB exposure was compared between an exposed group (N = 32, 3.25 +/- 0.34% aberrant cells, AB.C.), control group 1 (N = 20, 1.30 +/- 0.29% AB.C.), and control group 2 (N = 20, 1.60 +/- 0.31% AB.C.). The length of PCB exposure over 10 yr increased the frequency of AB.C. in a group exposed for 11-15 yr to 3.40% (N = 5) and in a group exposed for 16-25 yr to 5.85% (N = 7) vs. an increase of 1.60% AB.C. in group C2 and of SCE to 12.6 +/- 0.9/cell vs. 6.9 +/- 0.7 SCE/cell in C2. The clastogenic activity observed in this group may be the result of a high PCB concentration in blood plasma (320 +/- 190 micrograms PCB/l), and it is probably related to its solubility in adipose tissue, when it may act as another mutagen and carcinogen biotransformation inducer.
As part of the international cooperative Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study, we carried out surveys for the relationship of dietary factors to blood pressure (BP) in 10 areas in China, (Altai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Guiyang, Hetian, Lhasa, Shanghai, Shijiazhuang, Tulufan, and Urumqi). Systolic BP and diastolic BP were significantly positively associated with salt excretion and body mass index. However, 3-methylhistidine divided by creatinine, and taurine divided by urea nitrogen in 24-h urine were significantly negatively associated with both BPs. These results suggest that meat protein intake may beneficially influence BP, whereas salt may adversely affect BP.
The ability of a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet to improve the risk-factor profiles of moderately hypercholesterolemic, premenopausal women was evaluated. Nineteen women were fed a typical American diet for 1 mo, after which a low-fat diet consisting of 21% of total energy (en%) as fat, 59 en% carbohydrates, 19 en% protein, and 96 mg cholesterol/d (P:S 1.8) was given. After 5 months, total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was decreased by 7% and 11%, respectively, and total triglycerides increased by approximately 30%. High-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was decreased by 12% at month 2 and 5% at month 5 (P less than 0.05). Although HDL2 cholesterol decreased progressively throughout the diet period to -35% by month 5, HDL3 cholesterol, which decreased to -5% at month 1, increased to +7% by month 5. Of the plasma apolipoproteins only apo A-II was altered (+15%) by the diet. Body mass index correlated to baseline values and affected response to diet; only the leanest women had significant decreases in total, LDL, and HDL2 cholesterol in response to the low-fat diet.
A study of 748 cases and 1,411 hospital and community controls in four Latin American countries evaluated the association between certain elements of diet and invasive cervical cancer. Subjects were interviewed about their adult consumption of 58 food items, including the major sources of putative protective agents (vitamin A, carotenoids, vitamin C, and folacin) as well as other behavioral and medical characteristics related to cervical cancer. Participation rates were above 95% for both cases and controls. After adjustment for age, study site, sexual and reproductive behavior, socioeconomic status, screening practices, and detection of human papillomavirus 16/18 by filter in situ hybridization, a slightly lower risk was observed for the highest quartiles of consumption of fruit and fruit juices, while no reductions in risk were associated with vegetables, foods of animal origin, complex carbohydrates, legumes, or folacin-rich foods. When nutrient indices were derived, significant trends of decreasing risk were observed for vitamin C (adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 0.69 for the highest vs. the lowest quartile; p for trend = 0.003), beta-carotene (OR = 0.68; p = 0.02), and other carotenoids (OR = 0.61; p = 0.003). Inclusion of vitamin C and beta-carotene in the same model attenuated the association with beta-carotene, while the association with vitamin C remained unchanged. The results are consistent with those of other investigations and provide support for a protective effect of vitamin C, carotenoids, and other substances found in the same fruits and vegetables against the development of invasive cervical cancer. However, the fact that the associations were driven by relation in two of the study sites and among women of higher socioeconomic status leaves open the possibility of selection bias or effects of unidentified aspects of dietary patterns.
The concentration of plasma cholesterol is influenced by biological factors as well as clinical and analytical ones. Day-to-day variation can provide a misleading estimate of plasma cholesterol as it can differ by up to 12%. Seasonal variations occur with elevated concentrations in (northern hemisphere) winter relative to summer, possibly due to diet and life-style influences. Clinical and analytical factors also contribute to the variation. These include the manner with which blood is collected, the nutritional state of the subject and subsequent specimen handling. Analytical factors such as the effectiveness of the reagents and controls chosen, as well as the extent of interference by agents of metabolic or dietary origin, can introduce a bias into the analysis. More control can be exerted over the clinical and analytical factors compared with biological variation.
An analytical method has been developed that uses electron capture/gas-liquid chromatography to determine Mirex in serum containing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) (Aroclor 1260). With this method, 0.2 ppb Mirex can be determined in 4 mL serum that also contains 10 ppb PCBs. The method provides approximately 70% recovery of Mirex at 1.0 and 3.5 ppb. The coefficients of variation are 4.5 and 4.6% at 1.0 and 3.5 ppb, respectively. In a cooperative study with the Ohio Department of Health, the Centers for Disease Control used this method to determine the extent of exposure of Salem, OH, residents to Mirex. Confirmation of Mirex was obtained by using high resolution gas chromatography and high resolution mass spectrometry.
To assess the relationship between self-selected fluid intake patterns and changes in plasma volume and serum electrolytes during prolonged exercise, five men completed ultramarathon runs ranging from 50 to 100 km. There was a significant relationship between fluid intake and plasma volume changes but no changes occurred in either serum sodium or potassium. Subjects who ingested the most fluid during the race had a modest hemodilution without any changes in serum or potassium. This response may have been influenced by the consumption of beverages containing osmotically active solutes such as sodium and glucose.
Urinary growth hormone (u-GH) excretion was measured in 547 healthy children and 110 adults by ELISA with a detection limit of 1.1 ng/l u-GH after prior concentration of the urine samples (20- to 30-fold). u-GH excretion values were significantly dependent on the pubertal stage (p less than 0.0001) with maximum values in Tanner stage 3 for girls and 4 for boys. This corresponded to a peak in u-GH excretion between 11.5-14.5 years in girls and 12.5-16 years in boys. Additionally, u-GH excretion in adults was significantly higher than in prepubertal children (p less than 0.001). The day/night ratio of u-GH excretion (pg/h) was significantly higher in females than in males (p less than 0.01). In Tanner stages 1-4, u-GH excretion during the day was lower than that at night, whereas the opposite was true in late puberty and in adult women. The interindividual variation of u-GH excretion within the same Tanner stage was considerable and approximately double the intraindividual variation. The day-to-day variation could be further reduced by collection of three consecutive urine samples. The variations were larger if night samples instead of 24-hour samples were considered. The expression of u-GH excretion in nanograms per gram creatinine did not diminish the observed variation and blunted the pubertal increase in u-GH excretion. In conclusion, (1) u-GH excretion depends significantly on age, sex and pubertal maturation as does the day/night ratio of u-GH excretion. (2) The interindividual variation in u-GH excretion is considerable.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Enantioselective in vitro hydrolysis of methylphenidate (MPH) by the blood esterases of seven mammalian species is reported. The species included rats, rabbits, dogs, cattle, horses, monkeys, and humans. In vitro incubations up to 8 h were carried out in plasma, red blood cells, and whole blood of the various species. Enantioselective differences were evident among the different species on comparison of the data obtained from the three biological fluids. The esterases present in plasma appeared to show greater activity in the hydrolysis of MPH in all species where comparison with the other two biofluids was possible. Only in the case of humans did esterases present in plasma and red blood cells demonstrate opposite enantioselectivity in the hydrolysis of MPH. Thus after 8 h incubation, the RR-MPH/SS-MPH ratios in plasma and red blood cells were 0.31 and 1.16, respectively.
To examine whether dietary fat alters membrane lipid composition and peroxidation of polyunsaturated fatty acids in "non-proliferative" and "proliferative" cells in the large intestine, Sprague-Dawley rats were fed diets providing a polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio of 1.2 or 0.3 at a high or low level of fat intake for a 25-day period. Cell populations were isolated and the effect of dietary fat on membrane polyunsaturated fatty acid content and peroxide levels was determined. Neither fat level nor fatty acid composition of diet influenced total cholesterol, total phospholipids, and percentage of phospholipid classes in membrane phospholipids. Feeding the high fat and/or high polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio diet increased polyunsaturated fatty acid content of mucosal cell phospholipids. Increase in polyunsaturated fatty acid content was paralleled by a decrease in the monounsaturated fatty acid content of mucosal cell phospholipids. Membrane content of total saturated fatty acids was not significantly affected by diet. Variation in phospholipid fatty acid composition between "non-proliferative" and "proliferative" cells was observed. Lipid peroxide levels in mucosal cell lipid fractions were altered by dietary fat treatment. Animals fed high fat diets, compared to groups fed low fat diets, exhibited higher membrane peroxide levels when results are expressed as nmol/mg protein. Higher peroxide levels were observed in mucosal cells for rats fed high polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio diets when results were expressed per nmol of phospholipid. It is concluded that changes in fat level and fatty acid composition of the diet alters the mucosal cell membrane lipid composition in the rat large intestine and influences susceptibility of mucosal cell lipid to peroxidation. Further research is required to delineate which dietary factors--fat level, polyunsaturated-to-saturated fatty acid ratio, or both--have a primary influence on the degree of lipid peroxidation.
The relationship between dietary cations and blood pressure is complex. Epidemiological evidence points to a significant independent positive relationship between dietary sodium and blood pressure. The same evidence favours the existence of a significant negative relationship between dietary potassium and blood pressure. On a molar basis 1 mmol of potassium is about 2.5 times more effective in lowering blood pressure than sodium is in raising it. The evidence concerning the effect of dietary calcium on blood pressure remains controversial. Intervention studies favour a blood-pressure-lowering effect, but serum and urinary calcium correlate positively with blood pressure. Dietary magnesium has probably a slight blood-pressure-lowering effect, but more data are needed in order to evaluate its importance. At the population level blood pressure is significantly related to the dietary intake of cations.
As part of a study to evaluate the effect of chemical contaminants on Wisconsin sport fish consumers, measurements were made of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners in human blood sera. A high resolution gas chromatography procedure was employed, with 13 individual congeners used as standards. Analytical recoveries and precision were greater than 90% and replicates were always within +/- 30%. Total concentrations, obtained by summing quantified congeners, ranged from 0.6 to 27.1 micrograms/L. Conventional packed column PCB analysis, conducted on a subset of samples, gave higher total PCB results. On a congener specific basis, congeners 153 (245-245), 138 (234-245), 180 (2345-245) and 118 (245-34) were found most often. These congeners have been reported to be prominent in other matrices. Of the congeners found, 118, 138, and possibly 180 are potentially the most toxic (based on current toxicological information).
Limited information is available comparing the effect of different species of fish on serum low-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and apolipoprotein B (apo B) concentrations. We fed 21 normotriglyceridemic males diets containing different species of fish (200 g Dover sole, Chinook salmon, or sablefish) for 18 d in a three-period crossover design. Concentrations of apo B and LDL-C rose on the salmon and sablefish diets compared with the sole diet (P = 0.02 for apo B, 0.08 for LDL-C). These increases were parallel to each other: apo B rose 14% and LDL-C rose 16% on the salmon diet and 17% and 14%, respectively, on the sablefish diet compared with the diet consumed before the study. These results suggest that the consumption of fish with a moderate amounts of n-3 fatty acids may cause a deleterious rise in LDL-C and apo B concentrations in normotriglyceridemic males.
A study was conducted in the community of Greater New Bedford, Massachusetts, from 1984 through 1987 to assess the prevalence of elevated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the serum of individuals aged 18 to 64 years who had resided in the area for at least 5 years. Eight hundred and forty subjects were interviewed, examined, and tested in a cross-sectional sample of the towns of Acushnet, Dartmouth, and Fairhaven and the city of New Bedford. Serum PCBs were measured to estimate the extent of human exposure. Because of documented environmental contamination by PCBs in the New Bedford area, and the practice of recreational fishing in the harbor for food, a significant number of persons with elevated serum PCB levels were expected to be identified. Instead, the prevalence of elevated serum PCBs in the sample was found to be typical of "unexposed" urban populations in the United States. Only 1.3% of the subjects had serum PCB levels greater than 30 ppb. The same percentage was observed among males (n = 391) and females (n = 449). The geometric means of PCB levels were 4.3 ppb among males (Range = 0.50-60.9) and 4.2 ppb among females (Range = 0.38-154). We conclude that the prevalence of elevated serum PCBs is low in the population of Greater New Bedford.
To determine whether the levels of oxygen consumption (VO2) required to relieve an existing oxygen debt are variable, increases in VO2 produced by increases in oxygen delivery (DO2) were evaluated longitudinally in septic patients with lactic acidosis and related to changes in lactate levels. Interventions were performed in 17 patients and consisted of fluid administration (n = 11), packed red blood cell transfusion (n = 19), or dobutamine infusion (n = 14). Interventions associated with a decreased lactate level or an unchanged/increased lactate level demonstrated similar increases from baseline VO2 (49 +/- 9 and 47 +/- 6 ml/min.m2, respectively) and similar postintervention absolute VO2 values (187 +/- 13 and 189 +/- 10 ml/min.m2, respectively) (both p greater than 0.6). When all interventions were considered, correlations were not observed between changes in lactate levels and changes in VO2 (r = 0.21, p greater than 0.60) or between changes in lactate levels and the postintervention VO2 values (r = 0.08, p greater than 0.45). These observations demonstrate that optimal levels of VO2 are variable and suggest that therapeutic interventions should be tailored to a patient's individual tissue needs and guided by an assessment of an oxygen debt (eg, lactate levels) rather than absolute VO2 measurements.
We have analyzed the efficiency with which p-amino-hippuric acid (PAH) is extracted (EPAH) by patients with healthy kidneys (n = 13) or kidneys damaged by chronic cyclosporin nephropathy (n = 21) or primary glomerulopathy (n = 12); respective values (mean +/- SE) for EPAH were 0.87 +/- 0.03, 0.77 +/- 0.03, and 0.69 +/- 0.04. Judged by a 131I-hippuran-to-PAH clearance ratio of 0.75 +/- 0.05, extraction ratio of hippuran was less efficient than EPAH in three glomerulopathic patients. A direct relationship was defined between EPAH and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (r = 0.54) or calculated efferent oncotic pressure (IIE; r = 0.41, P less than 0.01). Curve fitting by means of quadratic spline functions revealed GFR and IIE to be additive in predicting EPAH (R2 = 0.45). Linear model prediction methods and a sample reuse technique failed to predict EPAH reliably from GFR and preglomerular oncotic pressure (IIA); however, 95% prediction intervals exceed 0.30 EPAH units in width. We conclude that oncotic pressure (presumably reflecting albumin concentration) along with GFR is predictive of EPAH depression in humans with chronic renal disease. However, even sophisticated curve-fitting techniques are too imprecise for accurate prediction of EPAH in a given individual. We submit that renal venous sampling to determine EPAH continues to be necessary for the accurate determination of the rate of plasma flow in the injured human kidney.
High intake of iodine inhibits iodide trapping, iodide organification, and hormone release from the human thyroid. We investigated whether iodine intake also affects thyroid blood flow, as was suggested by a recent study in euthyroid rats. With a Color Doppler device we made 14 consecutive Duplex-Doppler registrations of both superior thyroid arteries in 10 euthyroid volunteers during baseline iodine intake (1 week), iodine restriction (2 weeks), return to baseline (1 week), and iodine excess (1 week; 80 mumol sodium iodide/day). Vessel diameters and mean flow velocity were measured on videotape recordings by a "blinded" observer. Baseline iodide excretion was 0.88 +/- 0.38 (+/- SD) mumol/day. Mean flow velocity was 13.9 +/- 4.1 cm/s, and vessel diameter was 1.07 +/- 0.22 mm. Blood flow was 7.7 +/- 3.8 mL/min.superior thyroid artery. During the low iodine diet, excretion dropped to 0.49 +/- 0.16 mumol/day, and blood flow increased to 11.0 +/- 5.0 mL/min (P less than 0.001), remaining elevated (10.3 +/- 4.4 mL/min) during the second baseline diet. During high iodide intake, blood flow averaged 5.8 +/- 3.4 mL/min (P less than 0.001), and the expected decrease in thyroid hormone levels and increase in TSH were seen. We conclude that thyroid blood flow responds inversely, and independently from TSH, to changes in iodine intake in euthyroid humans.
The spontaneous photon emission (chemiluminescence) from Drosophila melanogaster fed chemical mutagens, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon quinones, and a carcinogenic bracken fern was studied. The fly chemiluminescence was evidently enhanced by mutagen or carcinogen administration and was increased proportionally to the administered amount of tested compound. Strong chemiluminescence was observed especially at the larval stage. Living larvae emitted stronger chemiluminescence than their homogenate. The chemiluminescence from Drosophila melanogaster fed polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon quinones showed a linear relation with the mutation frequency in the Drosophila wing spot test. The chemiluminescence from flies fed a bracken fern decreased by the addition of free radical scavengers and active oxygen quenchers. The phosphatidylcholine hydroperoxide concentration in the flies was increased proportionally with the chemiluminescence intensity. It seems that the free radical formation is stimulated as shown by the enhanced chemiluminescence in mutagen- or carcinogen-dosed flies, and as a result, lipid peroxide accumulation accompanies mutation in Drosophila melanogaster.
Most heterocyclic amines formed during the cooking of meat and fish have been shown to form adducts in the livers of rats. Recently, however, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), administered in the diet to Fischer 344 (F344) rats for 4 weeks, was shown to produce the highest levels of adducts in the heart. In the present study 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo [4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx), 3-amino-1,4-dimethyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole (Trp-P-1) and 2-amino-6-methyldipyrido[1,2-a:1',2'-d]imidazole (Glu-P-1) were given to F344 rats at carcinogenic dose levels (IQ 0.03%, MeIQx 0.04%, Trp-P-1 0.015%, Glu-P-1 0.05%) in the diet for 4 weeks. DNA adducts in the liver and heart were analyzed by 32P-postlabeling. DNA adducts were demonstrated to appear in the hearts of all animals exposed to heterocyclic amines at the following levels: IQ, 1.8 adducts/10(7) nucleotides, MeIQx, 3.8/10(7) ntd, Trp-P-1, 20/10(7) ntd and Glu-P-1, 7.2/10(7) ntd. Values for the heart were 10-20% of the respective liver adduct levels. Heart adducts increased linearly throughout the observed period when MeIQx was administered for up to 40 weeks. When MeIQx feeding was discontinued after 20 weeks and the animals subsequently given the basal diet, the adduct level at 20 weeks did not change during the following 20 weeks. A possible role for heart DNA alterations caused by food-borne heterocyclic amines in the development of age-related myopathies and cardiovascular disease is not inconceivable.
Thirty-nine patients with advanced bladder cancer received pelvic radiotherapy (3 Gy x 10 during 2 weeks) with palliative aim. Except for improvement of urinary incontinence, no improvement regarding urinary symptoms or general well-being could be demonstrated in 19 completely evaluable patients who were assessed by a mailed questionnaire 3 months after treatment. The median survival for all 39 patients was 7.5 months. Other forms of palliative treatment (chemotherapy combined with radiotherapy or accelerated radiotherapy, palliative surgery) should be evaluated by randomized trials in these poor-prognosis bladder cancer patients. Self-administrated questionnaires seem to be useful for assessing the subjective morbidity of such patients.
Murine macrophage oxidation of L-arginine guanidino nitrogen to nitrite/nitrate yields an intermediate effector, possibly nitric oxide, with antimicrobial activity. Total body nitrogen oxidation metabolism (NOM) was measured in vivo by determining the urinary nitrate excretion of mice ingesting a chemically defined nitrite/nitrate-free diet. As reported previously, mycobacterial infection with bacillus Calmtte-Guerin led to a large increase in urinary nitrate excretion. This increase was temporally related to macrophage activation in vivo. The substrate for macrophage nitrogen oxidation metabolism in vitro, L-arginine, was deleted from the diet without ameliorating the urinary nitrate excretion response induced by BCG. This suggested that L-arginine was synthesized endogenously because there are no other known natural substrates for NOM. A competitive inhibitor of NOM, the L-arginine analog, NG-monomethyl-L-arginine was fed to mice in their drinking water. NG-monomethyl-L-arginine ingestion blocked both basal and bacillus Calmtte-Guerin-induced urinary nitrate excretion over a 2-4 week time span. These experimental conditions should prove useful for further investigation on the role of macrophage NOM in host defense against intracellular microorganisms.
A study was undertaken in C57BL mice to evaluate the effect of gender on whole blood associated acetaldehyde following exposure to ethanol in the drinking water (10% v/v). Whole blood associated acetaldehyde (WBAA) was measured from capillary blood samples using a fluorigenic high performance chromatographic assay on days 0, 7, 15 and 27. Ethanol consumption did not impair growth of either male or female mice when compared to controls. Following administration of ethanol, WBAA increased in both male and female mice but marked gender differences were apparent. Female mice consumed more fluid relative to body weight than males (155 +/- 27 S.D. vs. 124 +/- 19 ml/kg/day, p less than 0.001), but had lower mean WBAA levels during the four weeks of ethanol administration (137 +/- 37 vs. 318 +/- 66 nmol/g hemoglobin, p less than 0.001). WBAA levels in male mice were stable over the course of the experiment. Female mice were found to have peak WBAA levels on day seven after which time levels decreased significantly. These experiments emphasize gender differences in ethanol metabolism as well as the need to establish norms based on gender for assays of ethanol consumption which use acetaldehyde adducts with blood proteins.
The quantitative analysis of the spatial variability of organ blood flow by means of radiolabeled microspheres (MS) requires that the methodological variability ("error") of the technique (RDmeth.) is known in each individual organ. Therefore, RDmeth. was quantified (eight to nine nuclides) in 6941 tissue samples from 13 organs of three anesthetized dogs, and the relative importance of errors originating from both the stochastic nature of MS distribution (RDtheo.) and the process of quantitation of MS radioactivity (RDcounting) was assessed under varying conditions (high/low specific MS activity (SAMS); inaccurate separation of gamma spectra; large sample size). At "minimized" methodological error (experiment 2), RDmeth. of samples trapping approximately 375 MS/nuclide was 5.8% and only slightly exceeded RDtheo. (5%). RDmeth. varied in the range 2.7-7.8% in individual organs and contributed little (3.5%) to the organs' observed spatial variability of flow. In contrast, RDmeth.--due to increased RDcounting--considerably exceeded RDtheo. when SAMS was low (experiment 3), overlap of two nuclides' main photopeaks was critical (experiment 1), or counting geometry was inappropriate (pulmonary tissue samples). At the same time, the contribution of RDmeth. to spatial flow variability rose to 7.9% (experiment 3), 26.9% (experiment 1), and 15-23% (lungs). Completely artifactual measurements, as indicated by an extremely high RDmeth. of sample flow, were rarely observed (less than 0.1%). In general, our data suggest that blood flow can be measured reproducibly and with low methodological error using up to 8 nuclides, RDmeth. does not essentially contribute to the observed spatial variability of organ blood flow, and, hence, organ flow variability may be accurately quantified using the MS technique. However, if sources of error as indicated above are present, the practice of using RDtheo. as a measure of RDmeth. (thereby neglecting RDcounting) may notably underestimate true MS error and result in an overestimation of spatial heterogeneity of organ blood flow. RDmeth., therefore, should be quantified separately in each region of interest prior to the onset of a new study.
We measured in mice under various conditions plasma phospholipids (PlipPl), total phosphate (PtotPl), inorganic phosphate (PiPl), and calculated other phosphate-containing material (PXPl) by subtracting (Plip + Pi)Pl from PtotPl. In mice fed low Pi diet (LPD) for 10 days, PlipPl was higher, PxPl did not change, whereas PiPl and PtotPl were lower than under high Pi diet (HPD). A highly significant inverse correlation was found between PlipPl and PiPl. The effect on PlipPl of maneuvers known to change PiPl acutely (within hours) was then investigated. In LPD mice, 6 h fasting, which increases PiPl, led to a decrease of PlipPl without significant changes of PtotPl and PxPl. The conspicuous rise in PiPl observed with glucagon treatment was associated with a decrement of PlipPl of the same magnitude as the increase in PiPl without a change of PtotPl or PxPl. Finally, injection of Pi lowered PlipPl in a dose-dependent manner within 2 h. In mice fed HPD, PlipPl decreased similarly during all acute maneuvers described under LPD, except Pi injection, where it did not decrease. In conclusion, the effects described above would suggest that the regulation of the two phosphate species may be linked and that PlipPl may possibly be involved in Pi homeostasis.
The aim of our study was to evaluate the effects of diet induced hypercholesterolemia and associated atherosclerosis in rabbits on serum thromboxane B2 levels. We have determined thromboxane B2 in serum of hypercholesterolemic rabbits with atherosclerosis and in normocholesterolemic rabbits without atherosclerosis. Our data show only a mildly higher serum thromboxane levels in hypercholesterolemic rabbits and extensive atherosclerosis than in controls without atherosclerosis. In conclusion, these results show that diet induced hypercholesterolemia was not associated with thromboxane B2 generation, in spite of a diffuse experimental atheromatosis.
Serum for reference pools of in vivo polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) was obtained from four goats that had received one dose (100 mg kg-1) of a selected technical Aroclor (AR) (1016, 1242, 1254 or 1260) and were allowed to recover for 30 d. These pools were used to assess the differences in an analytical method that determines and quantifies PCBs using packed-column gas chromatography (PCGC) (quantified on the basis of mean mass percent. data for grouped PCB peaks) and capillary-column gas chromatography (CCGC) (quantified on the basis of percent. composition data for specific congeners). With CCGC, results were statistically significantly different (p less than or equal to 0.0002) from results with PCGC for ARs 1016, 1242 and 1254 but not for AR 1260 (p = 0.23). When comparing these gas chromatographic methods using bovine serum spiked in vitro with the same ARs at 17-25 p.p.b., it was found that the methods were not statistically significantly different for any of the ARs (p = 0.30-0.92). Levels of serum PCB determined by the two methods for 12 persons, divided into two groups according to exposure, were compared using the paired t-test. Group 1 consisted of three persons with dietary and/or environmental exposure; one with dietary and/or environmental exposure in addition to occupational exposure dating back 20 years. Group 2 consisted of eight persons with recent occupational exposure.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The biochemical and growth responses to dietary branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) intake were studied in two children; one with a disorder of branched-chain amino acid metabolism, maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) (McKusick 24860), and another with methylmalonic aciduria (MMA) (McKusick 25100). Biochemical control of MSUD focussed on plasma leucine levels while measurement of plasma ammonia levels was used in MMA. From 0 to 2.75 years both patients exhibited five episodes of toxicity. In each case toxicity was associated with dietary indiscretion or infection. The quantity of protein tolerated was always less in the MMA patient and was approximately 1 g/kg/day. From 1 to 2.75 years each patient's growth velocity approximated their predicted growth channel except during periods of toxicity. In both cases leucine intake, which gave normal growth without toxicity, was always judged to be less than the FAO/WHO recommendations. The BCAA intake of the MMA patient was remarkably stable from 0.5 to 2.75 years and at 2 years of age isoleucine and valine intake approximated the FAO/WHO recommendations. From 2 to 2.75 years BCAA intake (mg/kg/day) of the MSUD patient was less than that of the MMA patient and well below FAO/WHO recommendations. Neuromotor development in both patients is normal.
Contrast venography (CV) is the standard technique for diagnosing deep vein thrombosis (DVT). Newer noninvasive tests have also proven efficacious. However, there is a lack of data on the level of agreement among observers in their interpretation of the results of the various tests. After agreeing on well-defined criteria, three experienced observers assessed, blindly, the results of tests performed over a 4-month period on 117 patients who were suspected clinically of having had a first episode of DVT. The kappa statistic was used to measure the level of agreement beyond chance for CV (69 patients), red blood cell venography (RBCV) (82 patients) and impedance plethysmography (76 patients). The results of CV were assigned to normal, abnormal or inadequate categories, and those of RBCV and IPG to normal, equivocal or abnormal categories. The kappa values for CV, RBCV and IPG ranged from 0.53 to 0.56, 0.42 to 0.56 and 0.90 to 0.91 respectively. Values greater than 0.75 represented excellent agreement beyond chance and those between 0.40 and 0.75 represented fair to good agreement. Excellent kappa values were obtained for IPG because interpretation of the results of this method is entirely objective. Although the values for CV and RBCV showed good to fair agreement, there was a greater degree of observer variation, despite the well-defined criteria, indicating the subjectivity of interpretation of these test results. It is concluded that the kappa statistic can be used to measure observer variation of the results of tests for diagnosing DVT and may serve as a quality control tool for studies in which more than one person interprets the results.
The predictability and intraindividual variability of serum theophylline concentrations (STC) after different dosing schedules were investigated in 24 patients with chronic obstructive lung disease (COLD). Three oral regimens were compared in 3 groups of 8 randomly assigned patients. Group I:Drug A once daily in the evening; Group II: Drug A b.d.; Group III: Drug B b.d. The doses for each patient were estimated by Bayesian forecasting aiming at an STC of 10-15 mg/l. STC and FEV1 were measured on two consecutive days at steady-state. The day-to-day variability of STC was less than 20% in all three groups. The within-day fluctuation in Group I amounted to 259% (median) compared to 57% and 38% in Groups II and III, respectively. Dose adjustment by Bayesian forecasting resulted in a therapeutic STC in most patients with a b.d. regimen, whereas for the once daily dose the prediction was not satisfactory. No difference in lung function was found between the 24-h and 12-h dosing, probably because of the large intersubject variability in FEV1. Therefore, the question whether the differences in STC profile are of clinical importance in COLD can only be investigated in a larger group of patients.
Blood samples were obtained from miniature swine maintained on 0, 2, or 6 g/kg/24 hr ethanol for 8 months (N = 6 in each group). Samples from drinking pigs were taken after 8 hr of ethanol abstinence and all were coded and sent for "blinded" analysis. A fluorigenic high performance liquid chromatographic assay was used to quantify whole blood-associated acetaldehyde, hemoglobin-associated acetaldehyde, plasma-associated acetaldehyde, platelet-associated acetaldehyde, and lymphocyte-associated acetaldehyde. Detectable levels of acetaldehyde were found in each sample in both drinking and nondrinking pigs. Analysis of whole blood-associated acetaldehyde was most discriminatory in distinguishing nondrinking from drinking pigs (mean 21.4 +/- 1.0 microM for nondrinkers vs. 24.6 +/- 1.5 SD for the group consuming 2 g/kg ethanol, p = 0.001). Measurements of hemoglobin-associated acetaldehyde normalized to protein concentration (250 +/- 47 nmoles/g vs. 203 +/- 33 SD, p less than 0.05 drinking vs. nondrinking pigs) and platelet-associated acetaldehyde (0.46 0.34 vs. 0.15 +/- 0.16 nmoles/3 x 10(8) platelets, p = 0.05 drinking vs. nondrinking pigs) were also useful in discriminating drinking from nondrinking animals. Analysis of plasma-associated acetaldehyde and lymphocyte-associated acetaldehyde were not useful as markers of ethanol consumption.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Blacks in the United States have higher blood pressures than whites. They ingest and excrete less calcium and potassium. There is some evidence that blacks have a difference in vitamin D metabolism that might increase any problem caused by low calcium intake. Some studies can be interpreted to suggest that calcium or potassium therapy has greater hypotensive effects in blacks than in whites. Decreased intake of calcium and potassium may be major causes of the greater prevalence of hypertension in blacks than in whites.
The design of diets to achieve optimal changes in plasma lipid levels is controversial. In a randomized, double-blind trial involving 36 healthy young men, we evaluated the effects on plasma lipid levels of both an American Heart Association Step 1 diet (in which 30 percent of the total calories were consumed as fat: 10 percent saturated, 10 percent monounsaturated, and 10 percent polyunsaturated fats, with 250 mg of cholesterol per day) and a monounsaturated fat-enriched Step 1 diet (with 38 percent of the calories consumed as fat: 10 percent saturated, 18 percent monounsaturated, and 10 percent polyunsaturated fats, with 250 mg of cholesterol per day). The effects of these diets were then compared with those of an average American diet, in which 38 percent of the total calories were consumed as fat: 18 percent saturated, 10 percent monounsaturated, and 10 percent polyunsaturated fats, with 500 mg of cholesterol per day. The men consumed the average American diet for 10 weeks before random assignment to one of the two Step 1 diets or to continuation of the average diet for an additional 10 weeks. Caloric intake was adjusted to maintain a constant body weight. As compared with the mean (+/- SD) change in the plasma total cholesterol level in the group that followed the average American diet throughout the study (-0.05 +/- 0.36 mmol per liter), there were statistically significant reductions (P less than 0.025) in the plasma total cholesterol level in the group on the Step 1 diet (-0.37 +/- 0.27 mmol per liter) and in the group on the monounsaturated fat-enriched Step 1 diet (-0.46 +/- 0.36 mmol per liter). There were parallel reductions in the plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in these two groups. Neither the plasma triglyceride levels nor the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations changed significantly with any diet. We conclude that enrichment of the Step 1 diet with monounsaturated fat does not alter the beneficial effects of the Step 1 diet on plasma lipid concentrations.
Using dietary, blood nutrient, and esophageal cancer mortality data from 65 Chinese counties, we examined several correlations to help provide clues to the influence of diet and nutrition on the geographic variation of esophageal cancer in China. Esophageal cancer mortality was significantly inversely related to reported fruit consumption and to plasma ascorbic acid concentration. The age-adjusted mortality rates were more than three times higher for counties in the lowest compared with the highest quartile of fruit intake or plasma vitamin C. Positive correlations with intake of moldy vegetables were observed but not with tobacco and alcohol consumption. There were suggestive inverse associations with blood selenium and riboflavin but little effect of fat-soluble vitamins. Limitations of ecological data preclude causal inferences, but the relationships provide leads to dietary factors that may contribute to the exceptionally high rates of esophageal cancer in several areas of China.
Fifteen male runners were tested on two occasions to determine the reliability of a continuous incremental level running treadmill protocol (C), with 3-min stages, for lactate threshold (LT) and fixed blood lactate concentration (FBLC) (2.0 mM, 2.5 mM, 4.0 mM) assessment. Test-retest (T-RT) reliability coefficients for velocity at LT, 2.0 mM, 2.5 mM, and 4.0 mM were r = 0.89, 0.91, 0.95, and 0.95, respectively (velocity ranged from 215.3 m/min at LT to 273.6 m/min at 4.0 mM). Mean differences in T-RT velocity values ranged from 0.7 m/min (at LT) to 6.0 m/min (at 2.5 mM; 252.3 m/min vs 258.3 m/min; NS) and the standard errors of measurement were less than +/- 10.0 m/min. Similar results were observed for VO2, with T-RT r values ranging from r = 0.82 (at LT) to r = 0.88 (at 2.0 mM) (VO2 ranged from 47.2 ml/kg.min-1 at LT to 60.9 ml/kg.min-1 at 4.0 mM; VO2 peak = 65.6 ml/kg.min-1). Mean differences in T-RT VO2 values were less than 1.4 ml/kg.min-1 (NS) and the standard errors of measurement were less than +/- 2.95 ml/kg.min-1. Interinvestigator and intrainvestigator reliability coefficients were high and ranged from r = 0.91 to r = 0.99. Validity of C was assessed in an additional 16 male runners who completed C and a criterion discontinuous (D) protocol (using a series of 10-min stages) for LT and FBLC assessment. Results indicated that C and D resulted in similar VO2 and velocity values at LT and FBLC.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene of residents of Beijing, Shenyang and Taiyuan, and workers at two coke plants, a steel plant and control groups was determined using high pressure liquid chromatography. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) of airborne particulates from these cities and coke plants were analyzed using GC-MS; chromatogram profiles, from which 15 chemical compounds were quantified, were similar. The percentage of pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene in PAHs was fairly constant. Statistical analysis showed significant correlation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene with the concentration of pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene in the ambient PAHs; the correlation coefficient was 0.978 and 0.959, respectively. It is suggested that urinary 1-hydroxypyrene can be used as a biological monitoring index for human exposure to genotoxic PAHs from the burning of coal.
Studies were done in selected groups of nonhuman primates in which the diet (low fat and high fat as either polyunsaturated or saturated fat), gender, and species (African green monkeys and cynomolgus monkeys) were varied. Large differences in plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations were found among these groups, providing the opportunity to examine their relationships to postheparin lipolytic activities (PHLA) including lipoprotein lipase (LPL) and hepatic triglyceride lipase (HTGL). PHLA was measured in plasma drawn 20 minutes after injection of heparin (100 units/kg). The assay was done with a radioactive triglyceride emulsion, and LPL and HTGL activities were estimated after 1 M NaCl inhibition of the former. LPL activity was high in both species of monkeys, and HTGL activity was low; the ratio of HTGL/LPL was consistently less than 0.5. The mean values for LPL activity did not vary significantly among experimental groups, but significant negative correlations between LPL activity and plasma triglyceride concentration were found. Statistically significant diet, species, and gender differences in HTGL activities were found. In high-fat-fed compared to low-fat-fed animals, HTGL activities were higher, and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations and the percentages of HDL2b were also higher. African green monkeys had consistently higher HTGL activities than cynomolgus monkeys and had higher concentrations of HDL cholesterol and a greater proportion of HDL as the larger HDL2b subfraction. Significantly lower HTGL activities were found in females compared to males fed the low-fat diets, and females had a significantly greater proportion of total HDL in the HDL2b subfraction.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The use of saliva instead of venous blood for monitoring drugs has many advantages. Its usefulness has, however, been questioned, because of the variability of the intraindividual saliva/plasma ratio. Among other reasons, this variability can result from the fluctuation of the arteriovenous blood concentration ratio. The present work represents a detailed investigation of this phenomenon, using caffeine as an example. This phenomenon is observed when the concentration of free diffusible substances differs in the central and peripheral compartment, depending on the pharmacokinetic phase. In such cases, the salivary concentration more closely reflects the cellular concentration in organs of the central compartment than that of peripheral venous blood.
It is often suggested that the weak epidemiological relationship between dietary sodium and blood pressure may reflect a stronger relationship within a susceptible subgroup. The evidence in favour of this explanation is reviewed, and found to be insubstantial. A more consistent explanation of the available data is that there is a weak general effect of dietary sodium on blood pressure acting on the general population. This conclusion has important practical implications for food and health policies.
The concentrations of individual PCB's were determined in both serum and adipose tissue lipid from 35 transformer repair workers currently exposed to PCBs, mainly Aroclor 1260, 17 previous transformer repair workers, and 56 comparison workers never occupationally exposed to PCBs. The analysis used fused-silica capillary gas chromatography with electron capture detector (FSCGC/ECD) and FSCGC with negative ion chemical ionization mass spectrometry to verify PCB congener levels. Eighty-nine PCB peaks were identified and confirmed. More congeners were detected in adipose tissue. In serum approximately 50% of peaks were below the level of detection. Statistical techniques to account for left and interval censoring allowed comparison of concentration distributions even where data were incomplete. We found that unquantifiable levels were unlikely to contribute substantially to the true values for total [PCBs] over and beyond the contribution of the measured values. However, the total serum [PCBs] determined by FSCGC/ECD greatly exceeded that from standard packed cell gas chromatography (PCGC/ECD). The underestimation was less marked for adipose samples. In serum the total [PCBs] was highest in currently exposed workers and lowest in unexposed workers, with past-exposed workers clearly intermediate. In adipose tissue [PCBs] in the currently exposed group was much higher than in the other two groups, in whom the distribution of results was broadly similar. In all worker groups hexachlorinated and heptachlorinated species predominated followed by octachlorinated and pentachlorinated. The relative distribution of individual PCB congeners in the three groups was similar although the amounts varied. The seven major peaks in serum and adipose tissue were 2,3,5,6,3',4',5'/2,3,4,5,2',4',5' hepta-CB; 2,3,4,2',3',5' hexa-CB; 2,4,6,3',4',5'/2,4,5,2',4',5'/2,3,4,5,2',5' hexa-CB; 2,3,4,5,2',3',4' hepta-CB; 2,3,4,5,2',3',5',6'/2,3,4,5,6,2',3',5', octa-CB; 2,4,5,3',4',/3,4,5,2',3' penta-CB; and 2,3,4,2',3',4'/2,3,5,6,2',4',5'/2,3,4,5,2',4',6' multi-CB. The distribution of PCB peaks in our populations differs from that in capacitor workers (exposed to less highly chlorinated PCBs) and from Yu-Cheng patients suggesting differing toxic potentials from PCBs in these three circumstances.
The serum lipid levels (mean +/- SD) of 3312 healthy urban and rural inhabitants over 40 years of age in Shanghai were studied. The results were: cholesterol 166.7 +/- 30.9 mg/ml, triglyceride 81.1 +/- 42.3 mg/dl, HDL-cholesterol (HDLc) 57.4 +/- 11.6 mg/dl, HDL2c 20.6 +/- 9.8 mg/dl and HDL3c 37.1 +/- 7.8 mg/dl. Dietary surveys were carried out in 512 of these subjects and their average daily nutrient intake was estimated to be: total calories 2,577 Kcal, proteins 656 g (50.7 g of vegetable proteins), fat 69.1 g (P/S ratio 0.70), carbohydrates 423 g, cholesterol 282 mg, dietary fibres 23.5 g, sodium 4993 mg, potassium 2,618 mg and magnesium 575 mg. The serum lipid levels of urban and rural inhabitants were compared. Total cholesterol levels were significantly higher in urban inhabitants of all age groups and of both sexes, while triglyceride levels were significantly higher in urban inhabitants of certain age groups. However, HDLc levels, particularly HDL2c levels were significantly higher in rural inhabitants of most age groups and of both sexes. The above differences were probably the result of differences in dietary patterns and nutrient intake between urban and rural inhabitants.
Metabolic activation in humans of chemical carcinogens found in the environment results in the formation of carcinogen-DNA adducts in vivo. Some polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human DNA can be hydrolyzed under mildly acidic conditions to yield tetrahydrotetrol derivatives which may then be detected by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy. In an analysis of human placental DNA, second derivative spectroscopy alone was unable to resolve the synchronous fluorescent signature for r-7,t-8,t-9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[alpha]pyrene from a crude extract, because a complex array of other fluorescent materials was also present. Purification of the sample by a combination of chromatographic procedures including immunoaffinity chromatography and HPLC has now been shown to yield r-7,t-8,t-9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[alpha]pyrene residues from human DNA that are spectroscopically pure at the second derivative level. Immunoaffinity columns were prepared with rabbit antiserum raised against DNA that had been modified with (+/-)-r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[alpha]pyre ne. This antiserum has now been shown to recognize DNA samples that have been modified with six different polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxides and is probably only specific for a broad spectrum of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts. Adducts were eluted from the immunoaffinity columns, hydrolyzed with acid, and extracted into isoamyl alcohol, before being subjected to high-performance liquid chromatography. These experiments reveal important limitations of second derivative fluorescence spectroscopy as a tool in the analysis of complex environmental mixtures. Furthermore, they extensively define the ability of anti-benzo[alpha]pyrenediol epoxide-DNA antibodies to recognize different types of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts.
N'-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide (4-py) is the major metabolite of nicotinamide and nicotinic acid in rats. However, because it is complicated to determine 4-py in humans, there is only one report on its excretion. Recently we developed a method for the microdetermination of 4-py by high-performance liquid chromatography. Urinary excretion of 4-py in Japanese students from Teikoku Women's University who consumed self-selected foods was 7.12 +/- 3.25 mumol/d, which is about one-fourth of N'-methylnicotinamide (MNA) and about one-ninth of N'-methyl-2-pyridone-5-carboxamide (2-py) excretion. The correlation coefficient between daily niacin equivalent (NE) intake and daily 4-py excretion was 0.529, which was about the same as the correlation coefficient between daily NE intake and daily 2-py excretion and which was two times higher than the correlation coefficient between daily NE intake and daily MNA excretion.
This paper describes some factors to which attention should be paid when atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) values are to be interpreted. Changing from the supine to the sitting position decreased ANP levels, while no further decrease was observed when the upright position was assumed. On the other hand, plasma renin activity (PRA) increased only when changing from the sitting to the upright position. Returning to the supine position decreased PRA, while ANP did not change. Under these conditions plasma aldosterone levels did not differ in any of the four positions. No correlation was observed between the percentage changes of ANP, PRA and aldosterone. ANP values measured in 66 healthy subjects positively correlated with age (r = 0.59, P less than 0.01). To study intra-individual variation, ANP was sampled eight times within one hour. The mean, standard deviation and the coefficient of variation (CV) for each subject were calculated. The CV of 9 out of 15 subjects significantly exceeded the intra-assay coefficient of variation (7.0%), thereby indicating that ANP levels, like those of many other hormones, may exhibit endogenous fluctuations.
Selenosis occurs in areas of Enshi county because of the high Se content of the food. Morphological changes in finger-nails were used as the main criterion for clinical diagnosis of selenosis. Pathological nails were observed to occur almost only in adults, not at all in young children and very seldom in teenagers. Symptoms of selenosis in susceptible patients were found at or above an Se-intake of 910 micrograms/d, corresponding to a blood Se level of 1.05 mg/L. There was no evidence for an increased susceptibility to dental caries due to high Se consumption, and an increase in Se-intake seems unlikely to reduce the beneficial effects of fluoride on caries. No abnormalities of liver or heart were seen by supersonic B or electrocardiographic examinations. The biochemical investigations showed that with increasing whole blood Se the ratio of plasma Se to erythrocyte Se tended to decrease. As Se-intake increases to over 750 micrograms daily, the ratio decreases to near a minimal level. Reduced glutathione in whole blood decreases within a blood Se range of 1.01 to 2.28 micrograms in the high Se area. The amount of trimethylselenonium ion excreted in urine increased with the increase of urinary Se. Cases with prolonged prothrombin time occurred as blood Se increased to a level above 1 mg/L. The white blood cell count also increased significantly. Quantitative values were obtained only for ratio of plasma-Se to erythrocyte-Se for prothrombin time and for maintenance of nail Symptoms of susceptible patients. The overall results indicated that a daily Se-intake of 750-850 micrograms [corrected] might be the marginal level of safe intake. When other variable factors are also taken into consideration a daily Se-intake of 400 micrograms [corrected] is suggested as the maximum daily safe intake. At this level of Se-intake the corresponding approximate tissue Se levels are: whole blood 0.559 mg/L, plasma 0.327 mg/L, urine excretion 173 micrograms/d, hair 3.60 mg/kg, toe-nails 4.25 mg/kg, and finger-nails 4.70 mg/kg.
The effect of daily dietary supplementation with fish oil on serum lipids and platelet total phospholipid fatty acids was examined in male normolipidemic insulin-dependent diabetics and normal controls. They were given 15 g/d of fish oil as Max EPA (equivalent to 2.7 g/d of eicosapentaenoic acid) for 3 weeks. The diabetics showed a rise in total cholesterol, attributable to increases in LDL- and HDL-cholesterol. The increase in HDL-cholesterol was largely due to a rise in its HDL2 subclass. There was also a decrease in triglycerides in both groups. Similar changes in lipids were seen in the normal controls, although these were not significant. The more pronounced effect in diabetics suggests an altered metabolic response to omega-3 fatty acids in that disorder. However, the results indicate that the possible detrimental effect of the rise in total and LDL-cholesterol following fish oil may be offset by the increase in the protective HDL2 subclass.
A gas chromatographic-electron capture detection method for determining the concentration of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) as Aroclor 1254 (AR 1254) in serum was evaluated through a 2-phase collaborative study. In Phase I, each collaborator's lot of Woelm silica gel (70-150 mesh) was evaluated for elution and recovery of AR 1254, which had been added in vitro at 25 ng/mL to a serum extract. In Phase II, each collaborator analyzed a series of bovine serum samples that contained the following: (1) in vitro-spiked AR 1254; (2) in vivo AR 1254 and 8 in vitro-spiked chlorinated hydrocarbons; (3) in vivo AR 1254 only; (4) 8 in vitro-spiked chlorinated hydrocarbons only; and (5) neither AR 1254 nor chlorinated hydrocarbons above the detection limit of the method. In Phase I, the average recovery of AR 1254 from silica gel for the 6 collaborators was 87.9 +/- 15.44% (mean +/- 1 SD; N = 18; range = 52.3-105.8%). In Phase II, the analysis of in vitro spikes of AR 1254 in serum at 8.58, 16.8, 41.8, and 84.3 ppb gave mean (means) interlaboratory recoveries of 89.0, 83.3, 79.4, and 76.9%, respectively, with within-laboratory (repeatability) relative standard deviations (RSDr) of 18.8, 20.5, 10.2, and 14.1%, respectively, and among-laboratory (reproducibility) relative standard deviations (RSDR) of 21.5, 21.1, 14.6, and 20.8%, respectively. The determination of in vivo AR 1254 in samples containing approximately 10, 25, 50, and 100 ng/mL of AR 1254 resulted in interlaboratory means of 10, 22, 39, and 79 ng/mL, respectively, with RSDr = 6.7, 9.7, 6.4, and 5.8%, respectively, and RSDR = 20.6, 16.0, 10.9, and 10.3%, respectively. The precision of the method for incurred AR 1254 showed a maximum RSDr of less than 10% and a maximum RSDR of less than 21% for a concentration range of 10-100 ng/mL. The accuracy of the method as demonstrated by the mean recovery of in vitro-spiked AR 1254 over a concentration range of 8.58-843 ng/mL was 82.2%. The method has been approved interim official first action.
The protein binding of cyclosporine (CyA) in plasma was studied in serial samples for 6 months after transplantation in 66 renal transplant recipients. Analysis was performed with a recently developed method of equilibrium dialysis in steel chambers. Among the 1,848 samples, the free fraction ranged from 0.5 to 4.2%, with a median of 1.30%. The free fraction of CyA was highest immediately after transplantation (1.66 +/- 0.49%). Diabetics had a higher free fraction of CyA than nondiabetics during the first 2 weeks after transplantation. A weak, but significant, covariation was observed between the serum concentration of albumin or bilirubin and the free fraction of CyA (r = -0.47 and r = 0.39, respectively; p less than 0.01). There was also a significant correlation between serum HDL cholesterol (r = -0.39 to -0.48; p less than 0.01), as well as apolipoprotein A1 (r = -0.35 to -0.49; p less than 0.01), and the free fraction of CyA. A significant drop in the free fraction of CyA was observed immediately prior to acute rejection episodes as compared with 1 week earlier (p less than 0.01), but there was no difference in the free fraction of CyA between patients who lost their graft and those who did not. There was an overall eightfold variation in the free fraction of CyA in plasma, with an up to fivefold intraindividual variation and a 2.3-fold variation in the mean free fraction between individuals. A significant covariation was observed between the free fraction of CyA and the concentration of binding proteins in plasma, as well as factors such as time after transplantation, diagnosis, and clinical events.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A portable ultrasound unit has been developed that provides a noninvasive technique to measure urine volume. We assessed the effect of patient position on the accuracy of measurements as well as inter-user reliability and user training. There were 63 ultrasound measurements of urine volume made by a trained and an inexperienced examiner, and the values were compared to true volumes obtained by catheterization in 16 adults with a neurogenic bladder. Subjects were tested in the seated and supine positions. Correlation for ultrasound volumes between the trained and inexperienced examiners was highly significant. Accuracy and precision of the ultrasound measurements were not affected by patient position. Thus, little training is necessary to use this instrument, inter-user reliability is good, and accuracy and precision are clinically acceptable whether patients are in the seated or supine positions.
Ten patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis were treated topically with the group IV corticosteroid clobetasol propionate cream (Dermovate) with and without occlusion with a semipermeable hydrocolloid dressing (Comfeel Coloplast, Denmark). The effect of treatment was compared with untreated skin and evaluated in terms of (a) O2-consumption as measured by the TCM-2-oxygen monitor from Radiometer, Denmark, (b) blood flow as measured by a laser-Doppler flowmeter (Perimed, Sweden), (c) temperature measurements using thermo-couples and (d) a clinical score. While steroid + occlusion had a very pronounced effect measured by all parameters and apparent after 24 h, the steroid alone was only marginally effective after 7 days. No placebo effect was detectable in untreated skin with the laboratory methods used. It is suggested that the methods described can be used to evaluate other treatment schedules. Recently it has been shown that measurement of oxygen consumption by transcutaneous O2 electrodes might reflect disease activity in psoriatic plaques. Transcutaneous O2 decreases when a tourniquet is applied around the extremity investigated and the decrease per minute has been used as a measure of the metabolism of normal and psoriatic skin. In a later study it was shown that stripping of the skin prior to measuring was essential as a diffusion barrier was present in the horny layer. It has been previously shown that occlusion of an area to which corticosteroid has been applied increases absorption as estimated by the intensity of blanching. In the present study the effect of occlusion and non-occlusion of corticosteroid treated sites in psoriasis has been compared using clinical and laboratory parameters.
A marked variability in serum phenytoin concentrations was observed in an elderly nursing home resident. To determine the prevalence of this problem, 15 frail nursing home patients who were receiving phenytoin therapy were studied over a mean follow-up period of 10.6 +/- 0.89 months. The mean number of serum phenytoin level measurements during this period was 13.1 +/- 1.5. For a given individual, there was no variation in phenytoin dose or preparation administered. All the patients had a difference of more than 50% between the highest and the lowest serum phenytoin levels, and in five patients (33%), the difference exceeded 150%. The change in serum phenytoin level was temporally related to influenza vaccination in only three patients. The form of phenytoin was not a significant determinant of the variability in this patient population, nor did enteral feeding have any effect. It is recommended that nursing home patients receiving phenytoin therapy have periodic serum phenytoin measurements obtained, even in the absence of seizures or classic signs of phenytoin toxicity.
Although an immunobead assay (IBA) for the detection of antisperm antibodies was developed several years ago and has been used for the study of immunologic infertility, no data regarding its variability and reproducibility are yet available. We evaluated the intraassay reproducibility of the indirect IBA by testing aliquots of antisperm-antibody-positive sera from two patients against the same donor sperm sample. The interassay reproducibility was evaluated by testing a positive serum sample first with different sperm samples from the same donor and second with sperm samples from different donors. The results of those experiments showed that the indirect IBA has very low intraassay variation and greater interassay variability.
The complexity of amiodarone disposition in blood and tissues gives rise to difficulty in determination of optimal therapeutic monitoring strategies. We have defined the within-patient variability of plasma and erythrocyte amiodarone and desethylamiodarone concentrations and electrocardiogram intervals [PR and corrected QT (QTc)] in 27 patients each sampled on three to four occasions during long-term stable amiodarone therapy. All individual repeated measurements were included in the concentration-effect analysis. The mean within-patient coefficients of variation for amiodarone and desethylamiodarone were significantly greater in erythrocytes, 46.0 and 24.5%, respectively, compared with plasma, 12.7 and 12.3%. Amiodarone and desethylamiodarone were significantly greater in erythrocytes, 46.0 and 24.5%, respectively, compared with plasma, 12.7 and 12.3%. Amiodarone and desethylamiodarone were strongly correlated (r = 0.29 p less than 0.004). There was a 10-fold variability in erythrocyte amiodarone for a given plasma level. These data emphasize the highly variable cellular distribution of amiodarone and desethylamiodarone in the same patient on stable dosage over time. Plasma amiodarone was significantly correlated with dosage (r = 0.98), and percent change in QTc, (r = 0.56, p less than 0.0001), but there was a fourfold variation in plasma amiodarone for a given QTc. Side-effect frequency was not related to plasma or erythrocyte amiodarone or desethylamiodarone concentrations. A clinically useful relationship between plasma concentration and effect could not be consistently demonstrated for amiodarone in the same individual during stable dosage.
Eight males and six females consumed their normal diet for 9 weeks, except for weeks 3 and 9 when they followed a self-selected diet free of 3-methylhistidine (3MH) for five subsequent weekdays (days 1 to 5). Timed 24-hours urine collections were obtained on days 3, 4, and 5 of these 3MH-free dietary periods and on one day during weeks 1 and 7. At the group level, no differences in 3MH excretion (P greater than .05) between days 3, 4, and 5 in weeks 3 and 9 and between these weeks were observed. Reproducibility at the individual level was indicated by the within-subject coefficient of variation (CVw). CVw within weeks 3 and 9 was 2.5% and 5.1% for men and 4.8 and 8.0% for women. CVw between these weeks was highest when more than one measurement per week was performed. Relating 3MH to creatinine decreased the CVw between weeks. If muscle protein breakdown is to be measured at the individual level, a reasonably large biologic variation is to be taken into account and repeated measurements should be done to decrease the CVw.
The Laboratory Proficiency Testing Program has successfully operated mandatory proficiency testing for 13 years in Ontario, Canada, using committees of volunteer peers. This is an alternative to gubernatorial proficiency testing. Using white blood cell (WBC) count determinations as a focus, we present our results. Ninety-six percent of participants attained WBC count results within +/- 10% of an all-methods mean and 77% attained results within +/- 5%. Ninety-six percent displayed satisfactory precision. Details of the program, ie, testing material, computer analysis, reference results, and scope of committee action, are discussed. In 1975, clinical expectations for WBC count determinations greatly exceeded most laboratories' capabilities. By 1987, participants were able to produce reliable, clinically useful WBC count results. The paramount reason for this improvement is the transition from manual to automated counting methods resulting from the stimulus of proficiency testing and the concomitant education.
The relationship between urinary metabolites and DNA damage in the urinary bladder epithelium of male and female rats was tested by alkaline elution assay after an intravesical injection of OPP or its urinary metabolites. 2-Phenyl-1,4-benzoquinone (PBQ) revealed a weak DNA-damaging activity in both sexes at 0.05-0.1%. OPP and phenylhydroquinone (PHQ) had no effects at the same level. Histopathologically, a single intravesical injection of 0.1% PBQ induced epithelial hyperplasia of the bladder epithelium on day 5, but PHQ and OPP did not induce it. Feeding studies with OPP-Na were also performed to examine the correlation between urinary PBQ levels and DNA damage in bladder epithelium. Slight DNA damage was observed in males given 1.0 and 2.0% OPP-Na in the diet for 3-5 months. The damage was dependent upon the dietary levels of OPP-Na. The amounts of OPP, PHQ and PBQ in urine were well correlated with the dietary levels of OPP-Na for male rats. The amounts of OPP, PHQ and PBQ were greater in male rats than in females given 2.0% OPP-Na diet for 5 months. The urinary pH of males was slightly higher than that of females. Since 0.4% sodium bicarbonate did not cause DNA damage in the in-situ study, the urinary alkalinity may not affect the initiation steps of urinary carcinogenesis by OPP-Na. The present results indicate that the metabolite PBQ is the reactive species for the initiation steps of bladder tumors induced by OPP-Na and OPP.
This paper examines changes in mortality from urinary bladder cancer in Italy during the years 1950-81 in relation to changes in smoking habits and in coffee, cocoa and tea consumption. The authors found that, in both sexes and for all ages, mortality has been increasing throughout this period, although the rates and relative increase have consistently been much lower and more gradual for women than for men. From the analysis of age-cohort-period variation it seems that bladder cancer mortality can also be influenced by changes in smoking habit patterns and by variation in the quality of diagnoses. The increase in death risk for both sexes in Italy up to cohorts born around 1905-10 can be related to occupational exposures and to high-tar-content tobacco smoking, whereas the tendency for mortality rates to stabilize and decline in cohorts born after 1910 were influenced by changes from high-tar-content and no-filter cigarettes to low-tar-content and filter cigarettes and by prevention measures taken in at-risk working environments. The consumption of coffee, cocoa and tea does not seem to be related to the increase in bladder cancer risk in Italy.
1. As part of a study investigating the effect of dietary alterations of sodium and potassium intake on blood pressure, the changes in nutrients that occurred with dietary intervention were determined. 2. Mild hypertensive subjects were randomized to one of four dietary intervention groups: control; high potassium; low sodium; low sodium, high potassium. The changes in nutrients in each diet group were assessed by dietary history and five repeat 24 h dietary recalls. Assessment was validated by measurement of urinary nitrogen excretion and urinary electrolytes. 3. The three dietary intervention groups experienced a fall in blood pressure (systolic: 4.4 +/- 1.0 mmHg, P less than 0.005; diastolic: 3.3 +/- 0.7 mmHg, P less than 0.001), greater than that observed in the control group. 4. The only significant dietary change across all diet groups was a reduction in the dietary sodium/potassium ratio, which was significantly less than that of the control group. The only other nutrient to differ from the control in all groups was fat intake, which was reduced. 5. In the control group there was a small but significant decrease in energy, fibre, protein, carbohydrate, potassium and magnesium intake. In the high potassium group there was a significant increase in fibre, carbohydrate, potassium, magnesium, and a decrease in calcium intake. In the low sodium group there was a decrease in energy intake with a subsequent reduction in all nutrients except alcohol. In the low sodium, high potassium group there was a significant reduction in dietary sodium and protein and an increase in fibre, carbohydrate, potassium and magnesium. 6. The reduction of the dietary sodium/potassium ratio correlated with a reduction in the urinary sodium/potassium ratio. This was the best predictor for change in diastolic pressure in all groups, suggesting that reduction in the sodium/potassium ratio contributed to the fall in blood pressure. 7. Reduction of sodium intake and increase in potassium intake by dietary means caused a reduction in blood pressure which does not appear to be due to alteration of other measured dietary constituents.
The protein kinase activity of isolated plasma membranes from the livers of rats treated with three promoting regimens was examined using both exogenous proteins and endogenous plasma membrane proteins as substrates. Male rats first received either an initiating dose (30 mg/kg) of the hepatocarcinogen diethylnitrosamine or the 0.9% NaCl solution vehicle by i.p. injection at 18 h following partial hepatectomy. Ten days later, the three promoting regimens were begun. These consisted of 10 weeks of treatment with either (a) a choline-deficient (CD) diet, (b) a choline-supplemented (CS) diet containing 0.06% phenobarbital (PHB) (CS plus PHB), or (c) a CD diet containing 0.06% PHB (CD plus PHB). In addition, two other groups of rats received either (a) a CS diet containing 2% di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) (CS plus DEHP) or (b) a CD diet containing 2% DEHP (CD plus DEHP). DEHP is a widely used plasticizer and environmental contaminant which we have shown previously inhibits the development of putative preneoplastic gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT) positive foci in rat liver. Total liver plasma membrane protein kinase activity using both protamine sulfate and histone was cyclic adenosine 3':5'-monophosphate independent and did not appear to be a marker of promotion. Its activity was increased by both DEHP which suppresses the development of GGT positive foci and a CD diet which promotes the appearance of GGT positive foci. The CD, CS plus PHB, and CD plus PHB dietary regimens, which promote the appearance of GGT positive foci, induced the phosphorylation of a Mr 40,000 plasma membrane protein in vitro by endogenous protein kinases. Plasma membranes from DEHP-treated rats did not demonstrate phosphorylation of this Mr 40,000 protein. DEHP dietary treatment also blocked the ability of epidermal growth factor to enhance the phosphorylation of its Mr 175,000 receptor protein in isolated liver plasma membranes. These results suggest that the phosphorylation of a Mr 40,000 plasma membrane protein may be important to the early promotional phase of liver carcinogenesis, and that one mechanism by which DEHP inhibits the emergence of GGT positive foci may be by blocking the response of initiated cells to stimulation by epidermal growth factor.
For 576 working men the relationship between reported recent alcohol consumption, serum ferritin, mean cell volume, and gamma glutamyl transferase was studied. Serum ferritin was significantly increased in heavy drinkers, but as a screening test it failed to yield a useful advantage over a combination of mean cell volume and gamma glutamyl transferase.
Various putative agonists of the 5-HT1A receptor subtype induce feeding in rats, probably by activating raph somatodendritic 5-HT autoreceptors. These drugs also produce a marked increase in plasma concentrations of corticotropin (ACTH). In the present experiment we attempted to localize the site of action of 5-HT1A agonists on the secretion of ACTH and examined the relationship between 5-HT1A agonist-induced feeding and ACTH secretion. Rats were injected with either the high affinity 5-HT1A agonist 8-hydroxy-2-(di-n-propylamino) tetralin (8-OH-DPAT) (0.016-1.0 mg/kg, s.c.) or the novel anxiolytics buspirone, gepirone or ipsapirone (2.0-16.0 mg/kg, s.c.), and either had their food intake measured 2 hr post injection or were sacrificed 30-40 min post injection for measurement of plasma ACTH. Plasma ACTH also was measured in rats pretreated with the serotonin synthesis inhibitor, para-chlorophenylalanine (PCPA) for three days (150 mg/kg, i.p. per day) and subsequently injected with 8-OH-DPAT (0.3 mg/kg, s.c.). As previously reported, the 5-HT1A agonists increased both food agonists increased both food intake and plasma ACTH concentrations. After 8-OH-DPAT, ipsapirone and gepirone the amount of food consumed was positively correlated with the concentration of plasma ACTH. No such correlation was evident following buspirone. PCPA pretreatment resulted in near total depletion of brain 5-HT content but had no effect on the ACTH rise induced by 8-OH-DPAT. Therefore, in contrast to the presynaptic site previously proposed for 5-HT1A agonist-induced feeding, the present results suggest a agonist-induced feeding, the present results suggest a postsynaptic location for the 5-HT1A receptor mediating ACTH release.
The variability of 24-hour urinary sodium, potassium, and calcium excretion was studied in a sample of 22 Neapolitan men with mild blood pressure elevation. On 5 days within a 1-month period, 24-hour urine specimens were collected by each subject. The estimated ratio of intraindividual-to-interindividual variance was 1.12 for urinary sodium, 2.46 for urinary potassium, and 0.52 for urinary calcium. Based on these values, five 24-hour urine collections are necessary to reduce to less than 10% the diminution of the correlation coefficient between urinary sodium and another related variable; this number is substantially lower than that found in previous studies in a North American population sample, but similar to the one reported for Chinese population samples. Ten urinary collections are needed for potassium excretion. A different and more favorable situation is observed for 24-hour calcium excretion, as only two collections are necessary for the adequate characterization of individuals in a population.
We studied the relationships of supplemental and total vitamin A and supplemental vitamin E intake with fasting plasma biochemical indicators of vitamin A and vitamin E nutritional status among 562 healthy elderly people (aged 60-98 y) and 194 healthy young adult (aged 19-59 y) volunteers. All subjects were nonsmokers. For the young adults, plasma retinol was significantly greater in males than in females (p less than 0.01); retinol was not related to supplemental vitamin A intake for either group. Fasting plasma retinyl esters demonstrated a significant increase with vitamin A supplement use. For supplemental vitamin A intakes of 5001-10,000 IU/d, a 2.5-fold increase over nonusers in fasting plasma retinyl esters was observed for elderly people (p less than 0.05) and a 1.5-fold increase for young adults (p greater than 0.20). For elderly people, greater fasting plasma retinyl esters were associated with long-term vitamin A supplement use (greater than 5 y) and biochemical evidence of liver damage. Elderly people who take vitamin A supplements may be at increased risk for vitamin A overload.
We compared the suitability of the linoleic-oleic acid ratio (L:O) of serum cholesteryl esters and erythrocyte membranes as indicators of dietary fatty acid composition. Forty-seven volunteers received a mixed natural diet with a polyunsaturated-saturated fatty acids ratio (P:S) of 0.2 for 3 wk and with P:S 2.0 for another 3 wk (HA group, 24 subjects) or vice versa (HY group, 23 subjects). Duplicate portion analysis revealed that dietary fat type was the only variable. The change in L:O in cholesteryl esters relative to the low P:S diet was 91.3 +/- 25.9% (means +/- SD) in the HA group and 85.1 +/- 18.8% in the HY group. The changes in erythrocyte membranes were 33.0 +/- 7.9% in the HA group and 22.8 +/- 4.9% in the HY group. Thus the effect on erythrocyte fatty acids was smaller but also less variable and the precision of the two measures was similar. Therefore the L:O of either blood component can be used as a marker of a subject's adherence to experimental diets differing in type of fat.
To assess the variability of the response to exogenous atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), it was infused at the rate of 1 microgram/min for 2 h in 6 salt-loaded normal volunteers under controlled conditions on 2 occasions at an interval of 1 week. The effect on solute excretion and the haemodynamic and endocrine actions were highly reproducible. The constant ANP infusion caused a delayed and prolonged excretion of sodium, chloride and calcium, no change in potassium or phosphate excretion or in glomerular filtration rate but a marked decrease in renal plasma flow. Blood pressure, heart rate and the plasma levels of angiotensin II, aldosterone, arginine vasopressin and plasma renin activity were unaltered. The effect of a 2-h infusion of ANP 0.5 microgram/min or its vehicle on apparent hepatic blood flow (HBF) was also studied in 14 normal volunteers by measuring the indocyanine green clearance. A 21% decrease in HBF was observed in subjects who received the ANP infusion (p less than 0.01 vs vehicle). Thus, ANP infused at a dose that did not lower blood pressure decreased both renal and liver blood flow in normotensive volunteers. The renal and endocrine responses to ANP were reproducible over a 1-week interval.
A new fluorescence line narrowing (FLN) apparatus is described and evaluated through experiments on intact DNA-PAH (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon) and globin-PAH adducts, as well as polar PAH metabolites. A detection limit of approximately 3 modified bases in 10(8) for a DNA adduct formed with a diol-epoxide of benzo[a]pyrene (BPDE-DNA) is reported for 20 micrograms of DNA at a spectral resolution of approximately 8 cm-1. The methodology employed avoids or minimizes spectral degradation and loss of sensitivity due to photooxidation and nonphotochemical hole burning (NPHB). A new double selection technique that employs both FLN and NPHB is described and found to lead to a significant improvement in selectivity over that obtained with conventional FLN.
A review and summary is given of analytical, biochemical, and immunological studies made following an immunodiagnostic investigation which revealed significant decreases in the numbers, and changes in the functional integrity, of both T-and B-lymphocytes in a group of Michigan dairy farmers exposed to polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) which had been inadvertently introduced into the food chain in 1973. A quantification technique based on selected ion monitoring of bromine anions, obtained in negative chemical ionization, permitted determination of 10-35 pg of individual PBB congener per mL serum, a 20-fold improvement over electron capture gas chromatography. An in vitro spiked system was established and shown to be a representative model of environmentally contaminated blood. Immunoprecipitation followed by mass spectrometric quantification determined that the distribution of PBB among plasma, erythrocytes, mononucleocytes and polymorphonucleocytes was 89:9:less than 1:less than 1. In plasma 80% of the PBB was bound to apolipoproteins B and A in a 3:1 ratio. No preferential absorption of PBB congeners was found in the blood compartments suggesting that changes in the relative abundances of PBB congeners observed in longitudinal studies on Michigan subjects reflect differences in excretion rates or metabolism. A repeat in 1981 of the immunodiagnostic tests conducted in 1976 revealed a virtually complete persistence of the immune dysfunctions in the Michigan farmers exposed to PBB a decade ago.
Twelve serum analytes [triglycerides, cholesterol, total and conjugated bilirubin, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), alkaline phosphatase (AP), gammaglutamyl transferase (GGT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), beta-glucuronidase (beta-glu), alanine aminopeptidase (AAP), and 5'-nucleotidase (5'nuc)] were measured to investigate their correlation with exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane (DDT). The relationship between serum lipids, lipophilic toxicants, and the analytes was also evaluated. The beta-glu, 5'nuc, triglycerides, cholesterol, and total bilirubin correlated positively and significantly with log concentrations of serum total PCBs and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene (DDE), a metabolite of DDT. The more highly chlorinated PCBs (Aroclor 1260) had significant, positive correlations with several serum analytes, but the less chlorinated PCBs (Aroclor 1242) correlated significantly and negatively only with HDL-cholesterol. Triglyceride- and cholesterol-rich lipoproteins were added to serum to determine the effects of lipids on these assays. Several were spuriously elevated. AP and beta-glu were not affected by lipoprotein addition with the methods used in this study. AAP was increased significantly only at triglyceride concentrations exceeding 400 mg/dl. Lipoproteins may be elevated because of deranged lipid metabolism in response to PCBs, or PCBs may be elevated because elevated lipoproteins are present, as in familial triglyceridemia, a relatively common dyslipoproteinemia. Because this relationship is not well understood with respect to cause and effect, we propose the further use in epidemiological investigations of assay methods that are little affected by blood lipids yet are correlated with PCB concentrations. Congener-specific quantification of PCBs would help elucidate the effects of PCBs on assays used to monitor health effects.
Polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) have been shown to affect the immune system of exposed Michigan farm workers and their families. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of PBB on the function and on the synthesis of immunoglobulins by peripheral blood lymphocytes. Concentrations of PBB as low as 0.001 microgram/10(5) cells decreased lymphocyte response to pokeweed mitogen; higher concentrations of PBB stimulated the in vitro synthesis and release of immunoglobulins. PBB had no effect on the quantity of E-rosette-forming cells, the total T or B cells, or the ratio of helper to suppressor T-cell subpopulations. Enhanced release of IgG was identified in lymphocyte cultures obtained from blood specimens of PBB-exposed Michigan farmers. The data from this study suggest that PBB exerted an adverse effect on cell function, but produced a nonspecific activation of B lymphocytes.
Activities of low-fat diets with olive oil or corn oil on lipids and platelets were studied in 23 middle-aged patients with high atherosclerosis risk for 8 wk. The olive oil diet had a polyunsaturated-saturated ratio of 0.33 vs 1.28 for the corn oil diet. Plasma total cholesterol was reduced with corn oil, but high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were lower with corn oil and unchanged or raised by olive. Plasma apolipoprotein B levels were equally reduced by both diets; apolipoprotein AI and the apo AI:B ratio rose only with olive oil. Plasma-glucose levels were lowered significantly with olive oil. Changes in platelet function were characterized by a reduced sensitivity to arachidonic acid (particularly with corn oil) and to collagen (particularly with olive). An olive oil diet with a moderate fat intake (about 30% of total calories) leads to favorable plasma lipoprotein and platelet changes.
The urinary levels of estrone sulfate and 11-ketotetranor prostaglandin F metabolite (11-ketotetranor PGF metabolite) during gestation in guinea pigs were measured by radioimmunoassays. Vehicle and Clophen A50 (polychlorinated biphenyls)-treated animals were compared. Gestation was arbitrarily divided into four periods, and the mean hormone levels during each period were compared between the two treatment groups. The Clophen A50 treatment (100 mg total, during Days 16-60), which causes fetal death, was correlated to significantly higher levels of estrone sulfate (p less than 0.05) and 11-ketotetranor PGF metabolite (p less than 0.01) during Days 47-60 (Period IV) of gestation.
The biologic relation between dietary fats and serum cholesterol established in controlled dietary studies usually has not been found in cross-sectional studies of the general population. In vegetarian groups, dietary variables and serum cholesterol have been correlated significantly. To examine the role of technique of dietary assessment versus the dietary pattern of vegetarians, the authors studied the relation of diet with total serum cholesterol in 46 predominantly vegetarian adults in the Boston, Massachusetts, area in 1973-1974. The basis of the dietary information was 10-day diet records. Total serum cholesterol was positively associated with dietary cholesterol (r = 0.53) and saturated fatty acids (r = 0.50) in partial correlation analysis adjusted for age, sex, and triceps skinfold. The use of one-day dietary records lowered these correlation coefficients to about 0.3. Analysis of the components of variation of nutrient intake demonstrated that the vegetarians had a lower within-person variance, a higher between-person variance, or both compared with nonvegetarian study groups. Biologic responsiveness to dietary fat in the vegetarians was similar to that predicted by the Keys equation derived from nonvegetarians. Therefore, multiple-day averaging of dietary records and relatively smaller ratio of within-person to between-person variation in intake favor the detection of cross-sectional associations of diet with serum cholesterol.
Fatty acids were determined in erthrocytes in 49 patients with colorectal cancer and compared with age and sex-matched controls. Marginally increased levels of stearic acid (P = 0.057) and oleic acid (P = 0.064) and decreased arachidonic acid (P = 0.043) occurred in cancer patients. There was no difference in the stearic to oleic acid ratio between the two groups. Dietary intake, assessed by dietary recall and adipose tissue analysis was also not different. In control subjects the polyunsaturated:saturated (P:S) fatty acid ratio correlated between diet and adipose tissue (P less than 0.01, at least). In contrast cancer patients showed different correlations; in particular dietary and erythrocyte P:S fatty acid ratios correlated (P less than 0.01). These findings may indicate disturbed fat metabolism in cancer patients. The erythrocyte stearic to oleic acid ratio is of no diagnostic value.
In surveys of 4860 middle-aged men in Caerphilly (South Wales) and Speedwell (Bristol) alcohol consumption has been related to high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and its major subfractions, HDL2 and HDL3, measured in a single fasting blood sample. The results confirm that high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration increases as the amount of alcohol regularly consumed increases. The relationship appears to be linear and is independent of age, smoking habit, body mass index, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and plasma total triglyceride. This rise in HDL cholesterol is not mediated through either HDL2 cholesterol or HDL3 cholesterol alone. Both subclasses increase significantly and by similar amounts with increasing alcohol intake.
We examined the relationship between blood pressure and dietary sodium and potassium intake estimated from 24 hr diet recall in a population of 584 men and 718 women 30 to 79 years old in Southern California. In men, but not women, age-adjusted systolic and diastolic blood pressure correlated significantly with dietary sodium intake. In both men and women, age-adjusted diastolic blood pressure significantly inversely correlated with dietary potassium intake. Age-adjusted systolic and diastolic blood pressure correlated significantly with the dietary sodium/potassium ratio in each sex; correlations were better for the ratio than for either sodium or potassium alone. The relationship was apparent over the whole range of blood pressure and dietary intake. A marked age gradient was apparent in men, the regression slope for blood pressure vs sodium/potassium ratio increasing with increasing age, suggesting increasing sensitivity to dietary sodium/potassium ratio with age. Adjusting for intake of other dietary variables, including calories, protein, carbohydrate, saturated fat, alcohol, calcium, and fiber, did not alter the relationships; adjusting for body mass index reduced the strength of the association in women but not in men. These results support the hypothesis that dietary sodium and potassium are related to blood pressure within a population.
The daily variability of umbilical artery and lateral uterine wall artery velocity-time waveforms recorded by continuous wave Doppler ultrasound was determined by making three observations in each of 97 women on different days within a 7-day period. There were no significant changes in the maximal:minimal Doppler shift frequency (A/B ratio) or the pulsatility index in either artery over the period of study. Common pregnancy complications did not influence the variability of the recordings. The variability of uterine artery recordings was not affected by gestational age between 17 and 41 weeks but the degree of variability of the umbilical artery recordings was greater before 30 weeks. We conclude that after 30 weeks gestation this technique has an acceptable range of daily variability for clinical and research applications.
To determine the reproducibility of splanchnic blood flow measurements by the microsphere method in rats with portal hypertension and the effects of laparotomy with portal vein cannulation, eight groups of 10 rats were studied. Cardiac output and regional blood flows were measured twice, 10 min apart, in pentobarbital anesthetized or awake, sham-operated or portal vein-ligated rats, with or without portal cannulation. Variability between the two successive measurements was not affected by portal hypertension or portal cannulation, and was not different in the splanchnic territory and in other organs. Laparotomy with portal cannulation had no significant effect in sham-operated rats. In awake portal hypertensive rats, cardiac output (53.9 +/- 3.0 vs 45.8 +/- 2.9 ml.min-1.100 g body wt-1, P less than 0.01) and splanchnic blood flow (12.31 +/- 0.72 vs 9.34 +/- 0.85 ml.min-1.100 g body wt-1, P less than 0.01) were lower in portal vein cannulated rats compared with those of non-cannulated animals. In anesthetized portal hypertensive rats blood flows were unaffected by portal cannulation, but arterial pressure (100.2 +/- 4.3 vs 119.9 +/- 3.4 mm Hg, P less than 0.01) and heart rate (366.5 +/- 10.0 vs 405.5 +/- 7.4 beats.min-1, P less than 0.01) were elevated. Anesthesia also decreased portal pressure (14.8 +/- 0.5 vs 12.0 +/- 0.4 mm Hg, P less than 0.05) in portal hypertensive rats. We conclude that the microsphere method remains reproducible in portal hypertensive rat models. Laparotomy with portal cannulation can alter systemic and splanchnic hemodynamics in portal hypertensive rats; these effects can also be changed during pentobarbital anesthesia. Regional blood flow measurements in portal hypertensive rats should be performed in animals without portal cannulation and preferably in the awake state.
The within-pair difference in lipid levels was examined in 142 monozygotic (MZ) twin pairs drawn from the population-based Norwegian Twin Panel. Mean within-pair difference in serum total cholesterol was lower in MZ pairs who were heterozygous for blood group Kidd genes or homozygous for the Jkb gene than in pairs who were homozygous for the Jka gene. The difference between the two categories of homozygotes was significant at the 2% level. The analyses suggest that the main reason for the difference observed is a restrictive effect of the Jkb gene on total cholesterol variability. No effect on triglycerides or HDL cholesterol variability was detected and there was no association between Kidd blood groups and sex and age-adjusted levels of cholesterol, triglycerides or HDL cholesterol. The present data confirm findings we reported when we introduced the study of within-pair variability in MZ twins as a method to analyze gene-environment interactions and validate the "variability gene" concept. A person's net risk for coronary heart disease may depend on his or her combination of "level genes" and "variability genes" as well as on environmental or life-style factors.
Wide discrepancies have been observed between controlled and uncontrolled intake studies of the relationship of blood mercury concentration to intake of mercury. The probable reason for the apparent discrepancies is that the within-subject variation of mercury intake in the uncontrolled studies was almost certainly considerably larger than the within-subject variation in blood mercury concentration; in these circumstances, the apparent slope obtained from a linear regression of blood mercury on intake will invariably be much smaller than the true slope. Studies of the exposure or intake of any substance should therefore include a consideration of the likely within-subject variation in the exposure or intake relative to that in the effect.
The presence of serum antibodies to the diol-epoxide DNA adducts of representative polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), chrysene, benz[a]anthracene and benzo[a]pyrene, was determined by ELISA using serum samples obtained from normal healthy individuals. Antibodies that reacted against PAH adducted-DNA, but not against PAH-adducted protein, were found in the serum of approximately 40% of the test individuals. Specificity analysis of the antibodies demonstrated that serological cross-reactions between the benzo[a]pyrene and the chrysene diol-epoxide adducts were present. Similar cross-reactivity between the benz[a]anthracene and the chrysene adducts was observed. Sera containing antibodies that were apparently specific for each of the three PAH-DNA adducts were also identified. The presence of antibodies to PAH-DNA adducts indicates both past exposure to these carcinogenic PAH and their metabolic activation to the DNA damaging metabolites. These antibodies may prove to be useful in both retrospective and prospective epidemiological studies of various diseases associated with PAH exposure.
Dietary fat has been implicated in the development of carcinoma of the breast. Because of the difficulties in obtaining accurate dietary histories, we analyzed subcutaneous adipose fatty acids to compare the quality of fat intake in three groups of patients undergoing investigations for breast masses. These included carcinoma (n = 37, avg. age 54 yrs.), fibroadenoma (n = 27, age 31 yrs.), and other types (n = 21, age 50 yrs.). Subjects in the carcinoma group were heavier, although they were not obese. A one-way analysis of variance of nine adipose fatty acids and their derived ratios [polysaturates:saturates (P:S)] did not show any systematic differences in the three groups. The quality of dietary fat does not appear to be associated with the development of neoplasia of the breast in this population, which consumes a diet of a high P:S ratio.
Brown Adipose Tissue (BAT) is thought to maintain caloric homeostasis by increasing its metabolic rate during periods of energy surfeit or low environmental temperatures and decreasing it during periods of deprivation or high environmental temperatures. The present study investigated the relationship of BAT and whole-body metabolic rate with negative energy balance induced by a minimally stressful exercise regimen. Twenty-four rats exercised in a running wheel for 2 hours per day for 8 weeks for food reinforcement either under a variable ratio or variable time schedule. Whole-body oxygen consumption and the thermic effect of a test meal were then measured, the rats sacrificed, BAT weight and oxygen consumption measured, and the brains assayed for catecholamines. Food intake was found to be positively correlated with expenditure either in the form of exercise, overnight weight loss, or BAT metabolic rate. Brain dopamine concentrations were found to be related to BAT metabolic rate which was in turn related to the amount of weight lost overnight and the amount of food intake. Running was positively correlated with BAT metabolic rate, suggesting that brown adipose tissue is not simply an organ of caloric homeostasis or thermoregulation. BAT, then, appears to be a multi-purpose tool used by a number of systems which regulate body temperature and energy metabolism.
To assess the validity of nutrient intake estimates from a food frequency questionnaire, the authors compared estimates of intake of preformed retinol (dietary plus supplements), beta-carotene, other active carotenoids, and total vitamin A computed from questionnaire responses with serum retinoid and carotenoid concentrations. Data were obtained from 302 male and female current or former smokers, participants in a lung cancer chemoprevention trial at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, during 1985-1986. Both serum beta-carotene and serum alpha-carotene were associated, although weakly, with food frequency estimates of total vitamin A intake, dietary vitamin A, beta-carotene, other carotenoids, and total carotenoids (0.18 less than or equal to r less than or equal to 0.26). Serum retinol was associated with supplementary vitamin A intake (r = 0.16). Nondietary factors were also associated with serum nutrient concentrations--in particular, cigarette smoking, alcohol intake, and body mass index. Cigarette smoking emerged as an important modifying factor of the relation between serum beta-carotene and dietary beta-carotene (r = 0.14 for current smokers, r = 0.30 for former smokers).
The effects of dietary animal protein (casein) or soy protein (soy isolate) on plasma lipids and hormones were investigated in the gerbil. Diets, fed to male gerbils (initial weight, 60 g) for 4 wk, contained either 18% casein or soy isolate as the protein source. The dietary fat sources were lard (16%) and safflower oil (1%). The cholesterol content of the diet was 0.1%. Plasma total cholesterol concentrations were lower in gerbils fed the soy protein diet (159 mg/dl) than in the gerbils fed the casein diet (190 mg/dl). Absolute HDL-cholesterol concentrations were unaffected by the protein source, but LDL-cholesterol concentrations were lower in the soy-fed gerbils. Thus, the ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol was lower in the soy-fed gerbils (0.42) compared with the casein-fed gerbils (0.70). Plasma insulin levels were higher in the soy-fed gerbils as were plasma thyroxine and thyroid-stimulating hormone levels. The results indicate that the gerbils can be used to study dietary effects on cholesterol parameters. These data also suggest that changes in plasma thyroxine levels may in part account for the hypocholesterolemic effect of soy protein.
We have employed a thermal clearance probe to study fingertip blood flow, which comprises predominantly arteriovenous anastomotic flow. In non-diabetic subjects there was a marked variability in resting fingertip blood flow which was of similar magnitude to that in diabetic subjects without autonomic neuropathy. In 20 diabetic subjects with increasing severity of autonomic neuropathy there was a reduction of spontaneous variability in flow (r = 0.59, P less than 0.001), which was not related to differences in basal flow, in skin thickness or in age. There was no relationship between maximal flow and severity of autonomic neuropathy (r = 0.08), although basal flow was decreased in subjects with moderate, but not those with severe, autonomic neuropathy (P less than 0.01 and P less than .04 compared with controls). Our failure to find an increase in basal fingertip flow in autonomic neuropathy could imply that spontaneous variability of anastomic flow is lost before increased arteriovenous shunting becomes apparent, but it could result from the indirect heating employed in the study causing vasodilatation in subjects without neuropathy.
Different sodium intakes may affect or alter the urinary excretion of renal kallikrein. We have compared the renal and the urinary effects of sodium depletion and sodium loading with 1% NaCl on total kallikrein, using a direct radio-immunoassay against immunoreactive kallikrein and on active kallikrein assessed by a kininogenase assay with a kinin radio-immunoassay. Sodium depletion resulted in an increase in renal and urinary excretion of both the immunoreactive kallikrein and the kininogenase activity. Sodium loading resulted in a slight but significant decrease in renal tissue immunoreactive kallikrein content without any change in the kininogenase activity, while the urinary excretion of the kininogenase activity was greatly increased and the urinary immunoreactive kallikrein remained steady. This sodium depletion induces consistent effects at the renal and urinary level, resulting probably from a stimulation of biosynthesis. However, during sodium loading, renal and urinary measurements of kallikrein are dissociated. Furthermore, kininogenase activity and immunoreactive kallikrein are not correlated in either of the two studied compartments. Thus sodium loading seems to induce independent effects at the renal and urinary levels, possibly resulting from different mechanisms.
1. The concentration of taurine in the diets, plasma, urine and breast milk were measured in vegans and age- and sex-matched omnivore controls. Plasma and urinary amino acid concentrations were also determined. 2. Taurine was absent from the vegan diet and occurred in variable amounts in the diets of the omnivores. Urinary taurine levels were less than half those of the omnivores but plasma and breast-milk levels were only slightly lower. 3. Dietary energy intakes were similar in the vegans and omnivores, but protein intakes tended to be lower in the vegans.
The interdependence of the associations of physical activity, smoking, and consumption of alcohol and coffee with serum high-density lipoprotein and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations was studied in 9,347 persons ages 25-64 years from east and southwest Finland. In covariance analyses with corrections for age, body mass index, saturated fat index, and fasting time, the mean adjusted serum high-density lipoprotein to non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio was high among physically active male non-smokers but not among smokers (P = 0.024 for two-way interaction). The cholesterol ratio was lower among both men (P = 0.010 for two-way interaction) and women (P = 0.030 for two-way interaction) reporting no or very little use of alcohol, and this association was stronger among smokers and women with high coffee consumption (P less than 0.001 for two-way interaction). Our data suggest that the elevating effect of regular physical exercise on serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol may be absent in smokers, whereas that of alcohol is greater in smokers than nonsmokers. High coffee consumption associates with decreased serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in smokers but increased levels in non-smokers.
In 1979-1980 a duplicate diet study of 131 infants was carried out in Glasgow where the water was plumbosolvent and water lead levels were known to be often above 100 micrograms/l. The main aim of the study was to establish the form of the relationship between water lead, dietary lead and blood lead in infants. The study was designed so that there was a balanced number of measurements over a wide range of lead intakes. Blood lead concentrations of the mothers were measured as well as those of the infants. Results from the study showed that high values of lead in water, diet and blood were closely associated with each other. Blood lead concentrations appeared to have non-linear (cube root) relationships with water lead concentrations and dietary intakes of lead, with steadily smaller increases in blood lead as amounts or concentrations of ingested lead increased. However, infants who were wholly breast fed showed a much weaker effect of water lead on blood lead. Some diets had much higher lead concentrations than the water lead concentration would have suggested because they had been made up with water from the hot tap (rather than the kitchen cold water tap).
Measurements of human skin capillary blood cell velocity (CBV) were performed by videophotometric capillaroscopy using a crosscorrelation technique. Mean resting (r) CBV in a group of 64 healthy subjects (age 20-82; 33 men) was 0.60 +/- 0.51 (SD) mm/s at a skin temperature of 30.9 +/- 3.2 degrees C. Skin temperature, but not rCBV, was significantly higher in the men. rCBV showed a weak positive correlation with skin temperature with a marked increase of high rCBV values when skin temperature was more than 31 degrees C. During the postocclusive reactive hyperemia (PRH) after a one-minute arterial occlusion, CBV reached a maximal velocity of 1.17 +/- 0.66 mm/s at 7.8 +/- 2.4 s after cuff release. This PRH response was reproducible with regard to peak velocity (pCBV) and the time to pCBV. The percentage increase of CBV during PRH was inversely correlated to skin temperature (r = -0.69). The results of the present study are proposed as a basis for further studies of human skin capillary circulation in health and disease.
The cross sectional relationship between blood pressure and current calcium intake was examined in 199 white women aged 46-66 yr with no history of hypertension. Calcium intake was assessed from 3-day food logs and from elemental calcium composition of the reported calcium supplement. No significant correlation between calcium intake and blood pressure was detected even after controlling for other known risk factors for hypertension. In logistic regression analysis, the relative risk of having a systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 130 mmHg, or a diastolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 90 mmHg according to calcium intake, was not significantly different from 1.0. These data suggest that dietary manipulation of calcium intake may not be beneficial in the prevention or treatment of hypertension in older women.
Male Sprague-Dawley rats were treated with a single ip injection of dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO), phenanthrene, nitrated products of phenanthrene, pyrene, or nitrated products of pyrene. Phenanthrene, pyrene and their nitrated products were dissolved in DMSO. Phenanthrene produced a significant elevation of serum aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels relative to DMSO-injected rats 24 hr after injection. Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (GGTP) levels were significantly increased for groups treated with phenanthrene when compared with the DMSO group 72 hr after injection. Nitrated products of phenanthrene produced a significant elevation of serum AST, ALT, sorbitol dehydrogenase (SDH), and GGTP levels when compared with groups treated with DMSO and phenanthrene 24 hr after injection. Four of six rats in the nitrated phenanthrene treatment group died between 48 and 72 hr after the injection. Injection of pyrene caused no significant increases in serum enzyme activities. Significant changes in the serum AST, SDH and LDH levels were observed with the nitrated products of pyrene at 24 hr. Only SDH levels were significantly different when pyrene and its nitrated products were compared. No significant differences were detected at 72 hr with the nitrated products of pyrene. As supported by serum chemistry, this study suggests that the products of the reaction of NO2 with two model polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are hepatotoxic. Both pyrene and phenanthrene form nitrated products that are more toxic than the parent PAH, but the nitrated products of phenanthrene appear to be more toxic than the nitration products of pyrene.
Recently a new generation of urinary pregnancy tests with increased sensitivity and specificity for beta-human chorionic gonadotropin (beta-HCG) was introduced. The clinical sensitivity of seven of these tests was evaluated in patients with surgically proven ectopic pregnancy. Two enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (Tandem Visual, Hybritech; Mod C1, Monoclonal Antibodies), with a sensitivity of 50 mIU of beta-HCG, were positive in 90% of ectopic pregnancies. The three-tube tests (Sensitex, Roche; UCG Beta Stat, Wampole; beta-Neocept, Organon), with a sensitivity of 150-250 mIU of beta-HCG, were positive in 81-85% of ectopic pregnancies. Two slide tests (UCG Beta Slide, Wampole, and Sensislide, Roche), with a sensitivity of 500-800 mIU of beta-HCG, were positive in 51-61% of ectopic pregnancies. Both the immunosorbent assays and the tube tests were statistically more sensitive than the slide tests (P less than .001). There was no statistically significant increase in sensitivity between the tube tests and the immunosorbent assays. The sensitivities of these tube tests in ectopic pregnancy are similar to those of tube tests from other manufacturers previously reported on.
During the first 6 months of life the plasma levels of branch-chained amino acids are related to the amount of protein ingested. Thus, the concentrations are lower in breast-fed infants than in artificially fed infants who are on a formula with a protein content which is about 50 per cent higher than in breast milk. At 3, 4 1/2, and 6 months of age the concentrations of valine in plasma and C-peptide in urine and the ratio between C-peptide and creatinine in urine are 2-3 times higher in artificially fed than in breast-fed infants. Plasma valine values correlate significantly with the urinary C-peptide/creatinine ratio. The enhanced insulin response induced by a cow's milk formula is related to the protein content.
Correlations of blood polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) levels or PCB patterns and blood pressures were studied in 59 patients with yusho (PCB poisoning) above 40 years old. In spite of the passage of 13 years from the onset, 52.5% of these patients still have PCB levels higher than the range found in the general population. The frequency of hypertension in the patients was 16.9%, a value similar to that expected on the basis of the rate for a population of the same age and sex compositions. As an independent variable, the blood pressure of patients was not associated with blood PCB levels and PCB patterns. No PCB blood pressure association was confirmed in 20 patients with PCB levels persistently higher than 5 ppb for 9 years. On the other hand, age, obesity and habitual alcohol intake, known influencing factors for hypertension, tended to be positively associated with elevated blood pressure in these yusho patients.
The 95% prediction interval for single measurements of serum "Aroclor" reported by a reputable commercial analyst was found to be approximately +/- 42%. The geometric mean serum PCB levels in a population of capacitor workers who had formerly had direct exposure to the commercial PCBs--Aroclors 1016, 1242, and 1254-were found to be alternatively reportable as 1905 ppb minimum initial PCBs (as calculated from most persistent peaks present); 1093 ppb non-overlapping analytical "Aroclor" levels (as calculated by the conventional sum-of-the-peak-heights method); 303 ppb total PCBs actually present; or 19 ppb "human PCB" (as calculated by the NHMP procedure). The broad spread in reportable values was relatable to the PCB isomer distribution and clearance patterns in the occupationally exposed population.
The effect of a single oral gavage with a mixture of Aroclors 1254 and 1260 on 24-h production of urinary homovanillic acid was determined in the laboratory rat. Adult male Wistar-derived rats were exposed to a single dose of corn oil, either alone or containing equal amounts of Aroclors 1254 and 1260 at a dosage of 500 or 1000 mg/kg. Urinary homovanillic acid concentrations were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography with electrochemical detection. The 500-mg/kg group showed a transient increase in homovanillic acid production, while the 1000-mg/kg group showed a biphasic response-an initial decrease (due to decreased food consumption) followed by a prolonged elevation. Only transient changes in body weight, food and water consumption, and urine output were observed. The results demonstrate that peripheral measurement of a dopamine metabolite may provide a means of monitoring changes in an important neurotransmitter system after exposure to a putative neurotoxin.
Blood samples from 738 employees of the Southern California Edison Company were analyzed for PCBs prior to their starting work, as part of a pre-employment medical examination. Blood PCB concentrations of the pre-employment sample had a median of 4 ppb and a mean of 5 +/- 4 ppb. These data are comparable to previously published values for blood PCB concentrations in people without occupational exposure. Plasma PCB concentrations are also sorted by demographic characteristics of the sample (age/race/sex/education). Since the demographic properties of the newly hired employees are reasonably similar to those of the Los Angeles-Long Beach work force, as determined in the 1980 census, we conclude that the low PCB concentrations present in the blood of a sample of new electric utility employees is representative of the regional work force and arise from exposures to PCBs present in the general environment.
A high level of sodium (440 mg/L) in the water supply of Gila Bend, Ariz, caused concern because of apparently elevated rates of hypertension in Gila Bend Papago Indians. We surveyed 342 Gila Bend Papago Indians and 375 non-Indians from July to September 1983. Participants 25 years of age and older were interviewed for health risk factors, water consumption, and dietary sodium and calcium intake and had height, weight, blood pressure, and urinary sodium and potassium levels measured. No consistent associations were found between any of the sodium values and systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Mean blood pressures for the Gila Bend whites were lower in most age groups than in comparison US white populations. The prevalence rates of hypertension in Gila Bend were not significantly higher than national rates.
The mutagenicity of the chromosomes of the peripheral lymphocytes of 147 Greenlandic Eskimos living in the district of Angmagssalik, Greenland, and in Denmark, was evaluated by means of the sister chromatid exchange (SCE) test. Thirty cells from each person were examined. The purpose of the investigation was to determine if there was any relationship between mutagenic activity and diet, and hence the elements selenium, cadmium, mercury and lead. The probands were divided into three groups according to their intake of seal meat or industrially prepared food: group 1, those eating seal at least six times per week; group 2, two to five times per week; and group 3 once each week or not at all. The statistical analysis was performed by means of multiple linear regression analyses, with diet, living district, sex, age, tobacco smoking, and blood lead and mercury concentrations as variables. Forty-eight percent of the variation in SCE could be explained by differences in diet, living district, age, and tobacco consumption. Groups 1 and 2 had a 1.7 and 0.65 times higher SCE/cell, respectively, than group 3. For every additional 10 years of age of the probands, the SCE/cell increased by 0.4, and for every 10 g of tobacco smoked per day the SCE/cell was 0.7 higher compared to non-smokers. When priority was given to blood Hg concentration in the calculation, 16.3% of the total variation in SCE/cell could be explained. An increase in the blood Hg concentration of 10 micrograms l-1 corresponded to an increase of 0.3 SCE/cell. In 92 individuals blood Se and Cd concentrations were also analysed. The variables, tobacco smoking, diet, living district and Cd explained 53% of the total variation in SCE. Giving priority to the blood Hg and Cd concentrations, explained 21.4% of the total variation in SCE/cell. An increase of 10 micrograms l-1 in blood Cd and Hg corresponded to an increase in SCE/cell of 0.7 and 0.2, respectively. No influence on the SCE/cell could be attributed to the blood Pb and Se concentrations. Evaluated by the SCE test, seal diet, smoking, living district and blood Hg and Cd concentrations all contribute to mutagenicity in Greenlandic Eskimos, with seal diet as the most important of the factors examined.
Dietary copper intake as well as plasma copper levels were assessed in a group of pregnant Nigerian women during the third trimester of pregnancy. Intake of zinc, protein and energy was also measured. Dietary intake was assessed by cumulative 24-hour recalls while plasma copper was assessed by atomic absorption spectrophotometry. Dietary copper levels were relatively lower than those documented in the literature for other physiological groups. The intake of other nutrients was below recommended dietary allowances. When corrected for the effect of gestation and maternal age, one-way analysis of variance showed that plasma copper varied with the level of dietary copper intake. Correlation analysis seems to suggest that the influence of dietary copper on plasma levels during pregnancy is partially dependent on the relative amounts of copper and zinc as represented by the copper:zinc ratio in the diets consumed.
All determinations of copper, zinc, manganese, and selenium were performed with a flameless atomic absorption spectrophotometer. Seventy-three full-term infants aged 1 to 52 weeks were divided into three age groups. Each age group contained two subgroups, breast-fed and formula-fed. No statistically significant differences between formula-fed and breast-fed subgroups were found in regard to the levels of copper and zinc in plasma and erythrocytes. At 1 to 5 weeks of age, the manganese concentration of erythrocytes was higher in formula-fed than in breast-fed infants (p less than 0.001). This might be due to the high dietary intake of this element in the formula-fed subgroup. On the other hand, plasma selenium concentrations were significantly higher in breast-fed than in formula-fed infants of all ages (p less than 0.01 at 1 to 5 weeks and p less than 0.05 at 6 to 52 weeks). This suggests that selenium compounds are biologically more available for infant nutrition in breast milk than in formula.
The values of biological indicators used in biological monitoring are usually determined on spot samples of urine. In order to reduce the variations due to dilution, it is common practice to correct the values according to reference parameters, such as urinary creatinine concentration and specific gravity. The aim of the present study was to verify whether creatinine possesses the necessary characteristics for adjustment. The levels of creatinine were not influenced by diuresis, but, contrary to what was expected, the values of the metabolite showed marked intra- and interindividual variations. These data raise serious doubts as to the validity of creatinine as a parameter that can be used for adjustment purposes, and suggest that it would be advisable to ascertain for each biological indicator whether in fact adjustment is of any use. Lastly, since there was only a slight correlation between creatinine levels and specific gravity values, it is concluded that these two parameters cannot be used indifferently for adjustment.
Rats were rendered hypertensive by clamping one renal artery. Both kidneys remained in situ ('two-kidney one-clip Goldblatt hypertension'). Half of the animals were simultaneously castrated. 18-24 weeks after the operation both castrated females and males had a lower level of hypertension than the uncastrated controls. The kidneys of castrates contained less connective tissue (measured as the content of hydroxyproline) and long-chain (C-18) fatty acids and had a higher specific activity of the enzyme N-acetylating p-aminohippurate (N-acetyltransferase) than those of uncastrated rats. Thus, castration seems to alleviate some renal effects of the Goldblatt hypertension. In all animals the clamped kidney contained more hydroxyproline and C-18 fatty acids and had a lower N-acetyltransferase activity than the contralateral untouched organ. These results are in accordance with the theory that renal fatty acid concentration interferes directly with the N-acetyltransferase activity of the kidney. The enhanced hydroxyproline content of the kidneys (nephrosclerosis) inhibits N-acetylation most probably indirectly by raising the tissue concentration of C-18 fatty acids.
Plasma oxprenolol concentrations were measured in six young healthy female volunteers after single oral dosing with a 16/260 oxprenolol Oros system on three separate occasions. Reproducibility was assessed by comparing individual plasma profiles, areas under the curve, peak concentrations and times to peak. Plasma concentration-time profiles were consistent with an extended duration of drug release from the Oros system. Individual and mean profiles on the three occasions were similar, and no significant differences in mean plasma levels, or derived pharmacokinetic parameters, were detected. The mean amount of drug in eight systems recovered from faeces corresponded to 11% of the dose. Individual amounts were related to the total transit time of the system through the body. The 16/260 Oros system functioned reproducibly within the gastrointestinal tract, and in vivo absorption mirrored in vitro drug release.
We examined the variability of lipid and lipoprotein concentrations in plasma from a population sample from the Jerusalem Lipid Research Clinic study. Coefficients of variation of about 8% for plasma cholesterol, 11% to 15% for low- and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, and about 30% for triglyceride were reported, both for 17-year-olds and adults examined twice, with a median period of two months between measurements. Stability was similar in a subsample of adults who had an additional measurement a median of 28 months later. Within-assay analytical variation (CV) was 1.9-2.0% for cholesterol, 1.5-2.3% for triglyceride, and 4.5% for high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. Between-assay variation was 3-5% for cholesterol and triglyceride and 10% for high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. The lower stability of the lipoprotein fractions of cholesterol than of total cholesterol emphasizes the need for repeated measurements of these fractions for more accurate characterization of subjects, especially those with extreme values, both for clinical use and for predicting outcome in follow-up studies.
A radioimmunoassay (RIA) of progesterone in urine is described. After the addition of labelled progesterone, morning urine was extracted with n-hexane adn the residue was either directly subjected to RIA, or chromatographed on celite prior to RIA. The progesterone from celite chromatography was radiochemically pure. RIA after chromatography was therefore considered valid. The non-chromatographed procedure resulted in overestimations, the degree of which was inversely proportional to progesterone content. The results obtained by the two procedures were well correlated (r = 0.88 and 0.93, for 2 different groups of samples.
Experiments were performed to determine whether serum concentrations of total cholesterol (TC) undergo cyclic changes during the estrous cycle of dairy heifers and to assess the relationship between serum concentrations of TC and ovarian steroid hormones. The effects of a hypercholesterolemic diet upon luteal progesterone secretion also were determined. Experiment 1 involved five dairy heifers exhibiting normal estrous cycles. Serum concentrations of TC, progesterone, testosterone and estradiol-17 beta were determined in blood samples collected throughout a complete estrous cycle. A transient decline in TC was observed during the luteal phase of all heifers beginning on d 2 and reached a nadir 6 d after estrus. Highest mean concentrations of TC occurred between d -2 and +2 (96.3 +/- 8.2 mg/dl), which were markedly higher (P less than .05) than the lowest mean concentrations (76.3 +/- 10.3 mg/dl) observed on d 6. Concentrations of serum TC were negatively correlated (r = -.40; P less than .01) with progesterone between d 2 and 9. Serum TC was not correlated with testosterone or estradiol-17 beta. In Exp. 2, seven cycling Holstein heifers were fed a control diet for 70 d (Stage I), a diet containing 15% whole sunflower seed as a source of supplemental dietary lipid for 70 d (Stage II) and then the control diet for 70 d (Stage III). Diets were isocaloric and isonitrogenous. All heifers were synchronized with prostaglandin F2 alpha after wk 5 in each of the three feeding stages.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The exposure of newborn infants to the plasticizer di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and its primary metabolite mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) was studied during exchange transfusions by measuring their contents in the infused blood. Plasma concentrations of DEHP and MEHP in the blood withdrawn from the infants during the transfusions also were determined. The amounts of DEHP and MEHP inadvertently infused varied from 1.7 to 4.2 and 0.2 to 0.7 mg per kg body weight, respectively. Immediately after the transfusions, the plasma levels of DEHP in the individual infants varied between 3.4 and 11.1 micrograms per ml. MEHP in the corresponding samples ranged from 2.4 to 15.1 micrograms per ml. Judging from plasma concentrations of DEHP and MEHP during and after transfusion, there was no gradual accumulation of these substances in the plasma during the course of the transfusion. In the two infants who underwent a second exchange transfusion, significant levels of phthalates were found at 16 and 23 hours, respectively, after the first transfusion. Plasma concentrations of DEHP in these infants declined at a faster rate than those of MEHP, thus pointing to the importance of examining the pharmacokinetics of this potentially toxic metabolite.
The derived pharmacokinetic data for the intravenous administration of fentanyl obtained from seven previous studies were compared using computer simulation of predicted plasma concentrations following three intravenous dosage regimens. There was wide discrepancy between the reported calculated pharmacokinetic constants from the various studies, such that the volume of distribution ranged from 4.4 to 59.7 litres, estimates of terminal elimination half-life ranged from 141 to 853 minutes while total body clearance values ranged from 160 to 1530 ml/minute. The differences in predicted plasma concentrations were marked. The peak concentration following a bolus of 500 micrograms ranged from 8.4-113.6 ng/ml and took from 2.9 to 18.9 hours to fall to 0.5 ng/ml. The steady state plasma concentration reached with an infusion of 0.3 microgram/kg/minute varied from 12.2-119.9 ng/ml and the plateau level attained with a two-rate infusion (2.7 micrograms/kg/minute for 20 minutes then 0.3 micrograms/kg/minute) ranged from 10.6-50.8 ng/ml. The aim of descriptive pharmacokinetics is to allow the clinician to predict the plasma concentration achieved by a given dose and to facilitate dosage choice and adjustment. Recent interest has centred on the use of pharmacokinetics to calculate continuous intravenous infusion dosage regimens. The clinical application of current pharmacokinetic data for fentanyl is questionable.
Coronary artery disease remains rare in rural Africans. The survey reported here was conducted in order to investigate nutritional factors that might be responsible for this. The nutritional status, dietary intake and plasma lipoprotein concentrations of a representative sample (42 men, 60 women) of the inhabitants of a rural district in Zululand, South Africa, were measured. Results demonstrated that whilst men were generally underweight (ie, 20 per cent below 80 per cent of ideal body weight), women were commonly obese (20 per cent were over 140 per cent of ideal). The major dietary component was refined commercial maize-meal with infrequent intakes of animal and dairy products. Dietary fibre intake was consequently low (approximately 10 g/d). Low plasma cholesterol concentrations were found in 67 per cent of men and 42 per cent of women. High density lipoprotein (HDL) concentrations were generally lower than quoted 'desirable' levels. The results of our survey suggest that the low incidence of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) in rural Africans is associated with a diet low in cholesterol but often excessive in carbohydrate, resulting in obesity. HDL concentration and dietary fibre intake were low and therefore could not be invoked as 'protective'. The possibility of genetic resistance to IHD remains.
A method for isolating 1-hydroxypyrene from urine is described. The presence of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was identified by fluorescence excitation and emission scanning after HPLC-separation. 1-Hydroxypyrene could be detected in the urine of rats following oral administration of as little as 0.5 microgram pyrene. The dose-dependence of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine was evident after a wide range of pyrene dosing. After therapeutical coal tar treatment of dermatological patients the enhanced excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene was highly significant. Employees of a creosote impregnating plant showed an excretion pattern of 1-hydroxypyrene which could be related to their work. 1-Hydroxypyrene in urine of non-exposed people was very low, but detectable. It is suggested that the method reported is suitable for the assessment of uptake of man to pyrene, a compound that is commonly present in work environments which are associated with pollution of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) found in urine from African Green monkeys after intravenous administration of the 14C-labeled parent compound were isolated and identified. Criteria of identification included cochromatography with rat-derived standards on direct-phase HPLC and a variety of gas-chromatographic columns, as well as correspondence of mass spectra (70-eV electron impact and methane positive chemical ionization) with those of known standards. Approximately 80% of the urinary metabolites were excreted in the form of glucuronide conjugates. This is analogous to what has been reported for the urinary metabolites of DEHP from humans, but in clear contrast to the metabolites found in rat urine. Rat urinary metabolites of DEHP are excreted unconjugated, and consist primarily of derivatives more highly oxidized than the major metabolites produced by monkey or human. It is suggested that the African Green monkey may be a better model for human metabolism of DEHP than is the rat.
The correlation of three markers of alcohol consumption: serum concentration of gamma-glutamyltransferase (GT), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-cholesterol), apolipoprotein AI (Apo AI), and the results of a questionnaire (Mm-MAST) designed to measure the attitude towards alcohol consumption were determined in a population of healthy men aged 48 years. Apo AI (r = 0.27) and GT (r = 0.31) were correlated (P less than 0.001) to the questionnaire score to a similar degree while the correlation between HDL-cholesterol and the questionnaire score was (r = 0.18), somewhat less good but statistically significant (P less than 0.01). There was no correlation between GT and HDL-cholesterol or Apo AI.
The blood pressure, body weight, mean 24 hour urinary electrolyte excretion, and plasma renin activity in offspring whose parents both belonged to the top third of the distribution of blood pressure in their 5-year age-group were compared with those in offspring whose parents belonged to the bottom third. Altogether 116 offspring, aged 10-43 years, took part in the study. Systolic pressure was higher in the offspring with a family history of high blood pressure, but there was no difference in 24-h urinary electrolyte excretion or plasma renin activity. The study had a power of over 80% to detect a 20 mmol difference in sodium excretion, and it provides evidence against the hypothesis that hypertensives have an avidity for sodium.
Coronary blood flow responds uniquely to changes in myocardial demand, regardless of the stimulus. If adenosine mediates this response, interstitial fluid adenosine concentration should also change in parallel with myocardial oxygen consumption and coronary blood flow during alterations of cardiac work. We tested this hypothesis by measuring coronary blood flow, myocardial oxygen consumption, and the concentration of adenosine in pericardial infusates, an index of interstitial fluid adenosine concentration, during six experimental conditions and control states in anesthetized, open-chest dogs. Significant alterations of myocardial oxygen consumption and coronary blood flow during aortic constriction, vagal stimulation, atrial pacing, or intravenous infusion of calcium chloride, norepinephrine, or isoproterenol were accompanied by significant alterations in pericardial infusate adenosine concentration. Significant linear relationships were determined among myocardial oxygen consumption, coronary blood flow, and pericardial infusate adenosine concentration for each of the experimental stimuli and their paired control values. There were no significant differences among the six different conditions for any of these relationships. In addition, these relationships were not altered by beta-blockade in five dogs subjected to aortic constriction and calcium infusion. Although beta-blockade may alter the effects of a stimulus, myocardial oxygen consumption, coronary blood flow, and adenosine all are affected proportionately. The results suggest that adenosine production responds to alterations of myocardial oxygen consumption independently of the stimulus which produces the change in oxygen demand, and the resultant change in interstitial fluid adenosine concentration may initiate the change in coronary blood flow to maintain the balance between oxygen supply and demand.
Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase was analyzed in 669 pregnant women. They were interviewed with special emphasis on their consumption of alcohol during the first trimester. Thirteen percent admitted a consumption of greater than 30 gm of pure alcohol per day, and 3%, greater than 125 gm per day. One child with a complete fetal alcohol syndrome and one with a partial one were born to mothers with a high consumption of alcohol and elevated serum gamma-glutamyl transferase. The ninety-fifth percentile for serum gamma-glutamyl transferase in women classified as low consumers (less than 30 gm of alcohol per day) was 0.44 mukat/L. With this 95% specificity level used as a cutoff, the sensitivity of the serum gamma-glutamyl transferase test in identifying those who consumed more than 30 gm of alcohol per day was 25%. The conclusion was that screening based on analyses of serum gamma-glutamyl transferase is not to be recommended for routine use in prenatal care.
1. Heterozygotes TfF/TfE of voles did not differ in body weight, they had higher hematocrit value (males and females), higher beta-globulin fraction (males) or higher gamma-globulin fraction (females). 2. A smaller variability of parameters studied was observed in heterozygotes than in homozygotes. Small and similar variability occurred in hematocrit value and beta-globulins while higher variability occurred in body weight and gamma-globulins. 3. In common voles the faster migrating E system of transferrin may have a higher capacity for iron transport than the F system. 4. Seasonal changes of hematocrit value in vole populations seems to result from genetical and physiological variability. 5. Sexual and seasonal changes in beta-globulin level appear to be related to changes in sexual activity of the animals during the seasons. 6. In autumn, low weight of animals and high serum gamma-globulin level, with the same physiological variability of these two parameters, suggest the synthesis of gamma-globulins with tissue (muscle) proteins. 7. Autumnal increase of gamma-globulin level seems to be very important, taking into consideration the role of the protein in water retention and its filtration from the tissues. Very high level of the protein fraction may play a role in winter high mortality of voles.
The introduction of polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) into the Michigan food chain resulted in the presence of low levels of PBB in plasma pools used for blood fractionation. Pooled plasma lots contained an average of 1.0 +/- 0.2 ng/ml of PBB, while antihemophilic factor, fibrinogen, and immune serum globulin did not contain detectable amounts of PBB. Albumin (25%) lots contained an average of 2.0 +/- 0.4 ng/ml of PBB. Analysis of old lots showed that PBB first appeared in an albumin lot filled in January, 1974. Plasma used in preparing this lot was drawn during the period when PBB was entering the food chain. The results indicated that the behavior of chemical pollutants is an important consideration when fractionating blood or plasma collected in areas where industrial or environmental pollution have occurred.
The components of the blood-CSF barrier responsible for the transport of p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) and choline from CSF to blood were identified using in vitro preparations of frog choroid plexus and arachnoid membranes. Choline was transported out of CSF across the arachnoid, while PAH was transported out across the choroid plexus. Probenecid and ouabain blocked both processes. The effect of Li on these transport processes was tested by the addition of 5 mM LiCl to the incubation media. Li increased, by a factor of two, choline transport across the arachnoid, but there was no effect of Li on PAH transport across the plexus. Lithium was passively transported across the choroid plexus, and we suggest that the major transport pathway is through the tight junctions. The steady-state distribution of Li between the choroidal epithelium and the incubation medium was only half that expected for passive distribution. This suggests the existence of sodium/lithium countertransport in these epithelial cell membranes.
Hepatic microsomal mixed-function oxidases have been stimulated when cattle were experimentally fed polybrominated biphenyls (PBB; fireMaster BP-6). These changes provide mechanisms for alteration of the metabolism and clearance of steroid hormones that might then affect reproductive function. This study was conducted to examine the effects of PBB on the clearance of radiolabel from injected estradiol-17 beta and progesterone along with daily determinations of concentrations of endogenous estradiol-17 beta and progestins in blood plasma. Toxicity was induced by dosing two Holstein cows with 25 g of fireMaster BP-6/d for 39 or 50 d. Single iv injections of 35 microCi [4-14C] progesterone and 400 microCi [2,4,6,7-3H] estradiol-17 beta were given on d -5, 10, 30 and 38 or 48 relative to dosing. Last injections were given when severe toxic symptoms were observed in each animal. Clinical signs, blood constituents, and necropsy findings confirmed the toxic syndrome. Clearance of 14C from progesterone was described by a biexponential function of time, while 3H from estradiol was cleared more slowly with a triexponential function. The total clearance rate for radiolabel from progesterone was approximately four times greater than estradiol throughout the experiments. The total clearance rates were similar for both steroids before and 10 d after dosing with PBB. A toxic syndrome was well developed by d 30 of PBB dosing and the total clearance rate of both steroids decreased approximately 50% with precipitous decreases when animals were terminally toxic. Despite the developing toxic syndrome, plasma concentrations of estradiol-17 beta and total progestins were normal and the periodicity of estrous cycles was maintained.
Heritability of plasma alkaline phosphatase and 5'-nucleotidase enzyme activities at 20, 35 and 50 weeks of age ranged from 0.047 to 0.275. Genetic and phenotypic correlations among enzyme activities at the three ages were positive and high. Genetic correlations of enzyme activities with production traits indicated that the bird having higher activities of these enzyme will grow faster, mature earlier and produce heavier but fewer eggs.
The profiles of blood glucose and of insulin dosage were compared between the first and second of 2 consecutive days of Biostator administration under constant conditions in 12 brittle type I diabetic inpatients. All blood glucose criteria and the daily insulin doses were reproducible between these 2 days for the entire group of patients. In nearly all patients, however, there were distinct but unsystematic differences between the 2 days in the diurnal patterns of insulin dose distribution. These differences could be ascribed to some stress reaction or inherent metabolic lability. It is concluded that, in these extremely labile diabetic patients, due to the insufficient short-term reproducibility of the outcome of an extracorporal artificial beta-cell, caution must be used when constant profiles are to be predicted from these doses for open-loop insulin delivery systems or for conventional subcutaneous injection therapy.
This review surveys our latest research dealing with the involvement of arginine vasotocin (AVT), the avian antidiuretic hormone, and other hormones in the regulation of water and salt balance in fowl. We examined the effect of dehydration, salt loading, high- and low-salt diets, and oviposition on plasma hormone levels and analyzed them in light of our knowledge of avian osmoregulatory responses to changes in water and salt balance. Gradual dehydration and hyperosmotic loading in domestic fowl revealed consistent differences in the AVT response between groups adapted to low- and high-NaCl diets. In birds on a low-NaCl diet the sensitivity of the AVT release was significantly higher than in birds on a high-NaCl diet. These results support the concept that the link between osmotic and volume regulation is established via varying sensitivity of the AVT release. We determined the half-life of the AVT in fowls (6.3 min), a value similar to that of ADH in mammals. We found that during oviposition, plasma AVT increases by a factor of four over the normal level, a magnitude consistent with the maximal responses revealed in osmotic stimulations. We have shown that as long as drinking water is available, heat exposure has no effect on the plasma osmotic constituents and the regulatory hormones. However, combined dehydration and heat exposure resulted in pronounced osmoregulatory responses integrated with the thermoregulatory responses to maintain water and salt balance without jeopardizing the birds' ability to cope with the thermoregulatory demands.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
We tested the reproducibility of consecutive measurements of regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) made in 13 areas of each hemisphere in patients with cerebrovascular diseases by the atraumatic 133Xe intravenous injection method. The data were analysed by a two-compartment model similar to that used in the Obrist inhalation method. Four parameters derived from the model were tested: Fg (flow of the fast-clearing compartment), FF and W (respectively fractional flow and relative tissue weight of the same compartment), ISI (initial slope index as defined by Risberg et al.). No significant variation was found in these four parameters between two consecutive rest measurements for all the areas studied and whatever the time interval between the measurements. The variances of the differences of Fg and ISI between the two measurements were found to be similar to those found in normal healthy subjects. The variances of FF and, consequently, W were greater than the values determined in healthy volunteers. An attempt to improve the quality of the results, by correcting them for the effects of PaCO2 changes between the measurements, resulted on the contrary in a general increase of the variances of the differences, showing the inadequacy of the correction coefficients used for healthy subjects at least for a proportion of the patients with cerebrovascular diseases. Sensitivity, tested by activation (hand work), shows a positive answer for FG but no significant change in ISI in any area. These findings demonstrate that in cases of cerebrovascular diseases the raw data (uncorrected for the changes in PaCO2) are the most reliable data but the meaning of the values found for FF and W must be regarded with caution since they may be affected by the "slippage" phenomenon. It is suggested that the ISI should only be used when there is evidence of a failure of the compartmental model, but only as a rough estimation of the flow level because of its lack of sensitivity.
Measurement of drug levels is becoming increasingly popular to optimise the dosage of various drugs. In the case of antiarrhythmic drugs, the narrow therapeutic margin of most of these agents and a direct relationship between their pharmacological effects and plasma concentrations would justify more widespread use of monitoring. Optimum plasma concentration ranges have been described for lignocaine (lidocaine), procainamide, quinidine and, more recently, also for disopyramide, mexiletine, tocainide and other new antiarrhythmics. A critical analysis of the original data shows, however, that therapeutic and toxic levels are not so well defined as often assumed: small numbers of patients, marked interindividual variability, sometimes inadequate documentation of arrhythmias and lack of standardised blood sampling characterise many of these studies. Uncertainty about the reliability of concentration-effect relationships also arises when active drug metabolites are identified or there are marked concentration-dependent changes of drug protein-binding. In addition, abolition of various types of arrhythmias might require different drug concentrations. Nevertheless, therapeutic monitoring can be of practical value in patients with life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias and can also greatly facilitate dosage adjustment in cases with renal hepatic or severe cardiac failure. For a correct interpretation of drug levels, the time of blood sampling, dosage regimen, duration of treatment, pharmacokinetic principles, and the clinical condition of the patient must be taken into account. Further studies are needed to define the optimum therapeutic range for several drugs and to evaluate the usefulness of plasma concentration measurements in routine antiarrhythmic treatment.
A pilot study to test methods of estimating personal exposures to toxic substances and corresponding body burdens was carried out between July and December 1980. Individual exposures to about a dozen volatile organic compounds in air and drinking water were measured for nine volunteers in Bayonne and Elizabeth, New Jersey, and for three volunteers in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina during three 3-day visits over the 6-month period. Breath samples were also collected from all subjects on each visit. Composite food samples were collected in each locality. Sampling and analytical methods for air, water, food, and breath were evaluated and found generally capable of detecting concentrations as low as 1 microgram/m3 in air and breath, and 1 ng/g in water and food. About 230 personal air samples, 170 drinking water samples, 66 breath samples, and 4 food samples (16 composites) were analyzed for the target chemicals. Ten compounds were present in air and eight were transmitted mainly through that medium. The two target trihalomethanes (chloroform and bromodichloromethane) were predominantly transmitted through water and beverages. Food appeared to be a minor route of exposure, except possibly for trichloroethylene in margarine. Seven compounds were present in more than half of the breath samples. Diurnal and seasonal variations were noted in air and water concentrations of some compounds, with summer levels generally higher. For some chemicals, weekday air exposures were significantly higher than weekend exposures. Some, but not all, of the potentially occupationally exposed individuals had significantly higher workplace exposures to several chemicals. Distributions of air exposures were closer to log normal than normal for most chemicals. Several chemicals were highly correlated with each other in personal air samples, indicating possible common sources of exposure.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic procedure was developed for the determination of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) concentrations in human whole blood samples. The solvent extraction of DEHP was found to be highly variable between samples obtained from different subjects (coefficient of variation of 30.4%). The recovery of DEHP following extraction with ethyl acetate was negatively correlated with serum lipid content, as expressed by the sum of serum cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations (r = -0.864). The technique of standard addition of DEHP allowed a single-point calibration of DEHP extractability in individual blood samples, and provided an accurate estimation of DEHP concentration (coefficient of variation of approximately 6% in replicate samples). The potential for intersample variability in the solvent extraction of other highly lipid-soluble compounds should be considered.
Although malondialdehyde (MDA) is extensively metabolized to CO2, small amounts are nevertheless excreted in an acid-hydrolyzable form in rat urine. In this study, urinary MDA was evaluated as an indicator of lipid peroxidation in the diet and in the tissues. MDA was released from its bound form(s) in urine by acid treatment and determined as the TBA-MA derivative by HPLC. MDA excretion by the rat was found to be responsive to oral administration of the Na enol salt and to peroxidation of dietary lipids. Urinary MDA also increased in response to the increased lipid peroxidation in vivo produced by vitamin E deficiency and by administration of iron nitrilotriacetate. Chronic feeding of a diet containing cod liver oil led to increases in MDA excretion which were not completely eliminated by fasting or feeding a peroxide-free diet, indicating that there was increased lipid peroxidation in vivo. MDA excretion was not responsive to Se deficiency or CCl4 administration. DPPD, a biologically active antioxidant, but not BHA, a non-biologically active antioxidant, prevented the increase in MDA excretion in vitamin E deficient animals. The results indicate that MDA excretion can serve as an indicator of the extent of lipid peroxidation in the diet and, under conditions which preclude a dietary effect, as an index of lipid peroxidation in vivo.
Urinary excretion levels of N-methylhistidine derivatives and N-methylhistidine/creatinine ratios were studied in a group of 20 small for date newborns, 10 premature infants and 8 normal infants, at birth and at one week of life. All infants were fed with an adapted milk formula supplying 2.8 g protein/kg body weight. 1-methyl and 3-methylhistidine urinary excretion were increased in all groups of infants from birth to the 7th day of life. Creatinine and N-methyl derivatives/creatinine ratios were also significantly increased at one week of life. The two ratios showed a higher level in small for date and premature infants than in normal infants at birth which continued relatively increased at one week of life. 3-methyl-histidine/creatinine ratio appears as a useful indicator of the turnover rate of muscular proteins in low-birth-weight infants.
Tris(2-butoxyethyl) phosphate (I), a plasticizer commonly found in evacuated blood collection tubes, displaces many basic drugs from their binding sites on serum proteins and causes them to redistribute from serum into red blood cells (i.e., artificially lowering serum or plasma drug concentration). Thus, the ability to quantitate I in serum or plasma may be helpful in establishing the suitability of various lots of evacuated blood collection tubes for use in drug level monitoring and pharmacokinetic studies. In the process of establishing a minor modification of an assay which has been reported, remarkable and reproducible interindividual variability (n = 10) in the slope of standard curves was observed (range, 0.0143-0.0486). This variability appeared to be caused by differences in the recovery of I from the serum of these individuals. The source of this difference seemed to be related to serum lipoprotein concentration since the slope of standard curves was highly correlated with serum triglyceride concentration (r = -0.800) as well as with the sum of serum triglyceride and cholesterol concentrations (r = -0.881). These observations suggest that the examination of interindividual differences in the recovery of drugs and related compounds from serum should be a routine part of assay development.
We assessed the validity of a self-administered semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire by comparing carotene and vitamin E intake scores derived from form with plasma carotenoid and alpha-tocopherol levels among a group of 59 men and women. The simple correlation between carotene intake and plasma carotenoid was 0.29 (p = 0.02) and the partial correlation was 0.35 (p = 0.005) after adjustment for age, sex, total caloric intake, and plasma cholesterol and triglycerides. The simple correlation between vitamin E intake and plasma alpha-tocopherol was 0.12 (p = 0.19). However, adjustment for total caloric intake and plasma lipids each substantially increased this association so that the partial correlation adjusting simultaneously for caloric intake, plasma lipids, age, and sex was 0.34 (p = 0.006). As expected on the basis of previous randomized trials, the correlation between preformed vitamin A intake and plasma retinol was weak and not statistically significant. These data support the utility of self-administered food frequency questionnaires for use in epidemiological studies. In addition, they illustrate the importance of adjusting blood alpha-tocopherol levels for lipid concentrations when the former are used as surrogates for vitamin E intake.
We studied the reproducibility of standard preparations in digoxin radioimmunoassay in a randomized trial using serum and plasma as matrices. The errors expressed relative to the observed counts per minute (cpm) attributable to each of the procedures involved in the preparation of standards were as follows: preparation of stock solutions and dilutions, 1.3%; addition of diluted solutions to the medium, 1.2%; and residual error due to the assay procedure, 3.7%. No error caused by mixing, portioning, and storage was detected. Heparinized plasma gave lower cpm values than serum at 4.0 ng/ml (p less than 0.01), an effect that would give over- or underestimations by about 5% at that level, depending on the medium used. This suggests that standard and sample matrices should be similar. Our procedure for preparing the standards seems to be reasonably reliable; this is necessary for satisfactory monitoring of patients on digitalis therapy.
Consistent with its anatomical association with the proximal tubule we have previously shown that superficial cortical efferent vessel blood contains an admixture of early and late proximal tubular reabsorbate. Since tubular secretion of p-aminohippurate (PAH) occurs predominantly in the late proximal tubule, extraction of this compound should occur preferentially from efferent vessel blood. As a result, the midportion of the proximal convoluted tubule supplied by the more downstream peritubular capillaries would receive blood containing a disproportionately reduced concentration of PAH. To study this, proximal and distal tubular fluid and efferent vessel blood samples were collected from rats. The data confirm that preferential secretion of PAH occurs in the pars recta and demonstrate that PAH is extracted from efferent vessel plasma by the pars recta. This in turn preferentially reduces PAH concentration in early postglomerular blood before it reaches the peritubular capillary network. We speculate that PAH and similar substances secreted by the pars recta are short-circuited by rapid extraction from early postglomerular blood, reducing their delivery to the mid-proximal convoluted tubule. Such circumstances must be considered in any analysis of organic compound secretion by the in vivo proximal tubule.
A conscious dog model was employed to evaluate the relationship among myocardial oxygen consumption (MVO2), myocardial adenosine release and coronary blood flow (CNF) during graded treadmill exercise. Two methods were utilized simultaneously as indexes of changes in interstitial adenosine concentrations, (1) a pericardial infusate technique and (2) to measurement of arterial-coronary sinus plasma adenosine concentration differences. Graded exercise was associated with graded increases in MVO2, CBF, pericardial infusate adenosine concentration (PI Ado) and adenosine washout in coronary plasma. Regression analysis demonstrated significant linear relationships for MVO2 v. CBF (r = 0.78, P less than 0.01), MVO2 v. PI Ado (r = 0.52, P less than 0.01), and PI Ado v. CBF (r = 0.76, P less than 0.01). Coronary plasma adenosine arterio-sinus differences, sinus plasma concentrations, and net washout of adenosine also increased with graded exercise, however, a significant inter-animal variance was noted. These data suggest that the plasma adenosine assay is capable of detecting directional (qualitative) changes associated with changes in cardiac metabolism, however, it may not be reliable as a quantitative indicator of interstitial adenosine concentrations due to multiple factors which may influence the plasma adenosine pool. The pericardial infusate technique, which presumably represents a model of diffusion, is relatively invariant by comparison. The results demonstrate a significant correlation among MVO2, PI Ado and CBF, and thereby provide support to the hypothesis that adenosine is a major factor in the coupling of myocardial oxygen demand to oxygen supply under physiological conditions.
Significant heterogeneity in the distribution of within pair variances of serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, non HDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels has been found in one or both of two samples of MZ twins. We have found some support for the observation of Magnus et al. (1981) that M- pairs have greater environmental variability in cholesterol levels than M+ pairs and weaker evidence that Jka+ pairs are more variable than Jka- pairs. However, these effects appear to be more striking on triglyceride levels. The low power of the variance ratio test is advanced as a possible reason for the inconsistencies in these findings.
This study was designed to obtain information on normal dietary intake and serum levels of choline in a healthy elderly population and to observe the relationship between blood levels of choline and cognitive function. Two hundred fifty-eight healthy volunteers with a mean age of 72 years were recruited, and blood samples and dietary histories were obtained. All subjects were ambulatory, living at home, free of serious medical illnesses, and taking no prescription medications. Cognitive abilities were assessed by the Halstead Category Test, a nonverbal test measuring abstract thinking, and the Wechsler Memory Scale, using the multiple scoring method, which measures both long- and short-term memory. The mean value for serum choline was 13.16 micron with a standard deviation of 3.31. Serum choline levels were found to increase with age, but no difference was found between serum choline levels for men and women. There was no association between dietary intake and serum choline levels, nor could a relationship be found between serum choline levels and cognitive function.
A total of 164 premenopausal female subjects were randomly selected for evaluation from a much larger pool of volunteers. The relationships between blood lipid and lipoprotein levels as dependent variables and cigarette smoking, physical activity, and alcohol consumption were determined from partial regression coefficients. A lower HDL-C level (10.1 mg/dL) was seen in smokers v nonsmokers. For each ounce of alcohol consumed, HDL-C level was higher by 2.8 mg/dL, and greater physical activity was associated with a higher HDL-C level of 8.6 mg/dL. An analysis of covariance with covariance adjustments for age and body fat revealed that smokers who regularly exercise or consume alcohol had significantly lower HDL-C levels than nonsmokers with similar habits. Subjects who both exercise and consume alcohol demonstrated higher HDL-C levels than those who indulge in one or the other separately. Results suggest that cigarette smoking may attenuate the effects of chronic exercise or alcohol consumption, or of both, to raise HDL-C levels. Also, chronic exercise and alcohol consumption may exert an additive effect, raising HDL-C level.
The effects of feeding sow colostrum on oxygen consumption (VO2), heat production (HP), respiratory quotient (RQ) and rectal temperature (RT) were examined in 26 newborn piglets in a thermoneutral (32 degrees C) and in a cold (18 degrees C) environment. Colostrum (32 g/kg body weight) was given by gavage at 3 h of age. A control group received a similar amount of saline. VO2, HP, RQ and RT were measured for approximately 1 h prior to force-feeding and 2 h after feeding. The response of plasma glucose to ingestion of colostrum or saline was recorded in 18 additional piglets kept at 32 or 18 degrees C. The effects of feeding saline on all parameters studied were not significant (p greater than 0.10). Ingestion of colostrum was followed at both temperatures by a marked rise (p less than 0.05) in VO2 and RT. The responses of VO2 were curvilinear (p less than 0.05) with the maximum rise occurring in both treatments within 30 min after colostrum administration and amounting (% of prefeeding values) to 45 +/- 7 and 16 +/- 2% at 32 and 18 degrees C, respectively. The rises in VO2 persisted for more than 1 h postfeeding. The heat increment associated with feeding colostrum was lower (p less than 0.05) at 18 than at 32 degrees C. Nonsignificant transient increases in RQ were observed. Prefeeding plasma glucose was higher (p less than 0.05) at 18 than at 32 degrees C.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
From the records of an automated multi-phasic health testing centre, daily drinkers in four alcohol consumption groups were each separately matched for sex, age and obesity to a single non-drinker control. All subjects satisfied strict eligibility criteria selected to exclude the effects of other factors known to influence blood pressure or renal function or both. The 5500 pairs of subjects were compared for systolic and diastolic blood pressure and serum creatinine. After allowing for smoking, drinkers had significantly elevated blood pressure compared with their controls, and the elevation was greater the heavier the alcohol intake, except for the heaviest drinking females. This result was more pronounced in males than females, and for systolic than diastolic blood pressure. By contrast, smoking cigarettes was shown to be associated with lower blood pressure, independent of sex and drinking history. Smoking was also associated with a decreased serum creatinine concentration as was drinking three or more drinks per day. However, drinkers of two or fewer drinks daily had higher serum creatinine concentrations than their non-drinker controls.
The distribution of membrane-bound enzymes involved in the metabolism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons was investigated in the same animals, in membrane fractions from rat liver: monooxygenase, cytochromes P-450 and P-420, NADPH-cytochrome P-450 reductase, cytochrome b5, NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase, epoxide hydrolase, glutathione-S-transferase, and UDP-glucuronyltransferase. The purity of the fractions (rough and smooth endoplasmic reticulum (ER), nuclei, nuclear membranes, Golgi apparatus, plasma membranes, and mitochondria) was controlled by electron microscopic morphometry, chemical analysis, and determination of marker enzyme activities. Specific activities invariably were highest in ER. With respect to the distribution between smooth and rough ER, the enzymes fell into two groups: Epoxide hydrolase, monooxygenase, NADPH-cytochrome P-450 reductase, NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase, and the concentrations of cytochromes P-450 and b5 were higher in smooth ER; by contrast, UDP-glucuronyltransferase (maximally activated) and membrane-associated glutathione-S-transferase activities were lower in smooth ER. The non-ER fractions also had significant activities of the enzymes, but to different extents: (1) Nuclei and nuclear membranes showed high UDP-glucuronyltransferase activities (on a phospholipid basis 55-65% of that of rough ER) which did not exhibit latency. (2) Plasma membrane, Golgi apparatus, and nuclear membrane fractions had relatively high epoxide hydrolase and NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase activities as well as high concentrations of cytochromes b5 and P-450 (20-30% of levels present in smooth ER on a phospholipid basis). (3) In mitochondria (whole organelles), glutathione-S-transferase. UDP-glucuronyltransferase, and NADH-cytochrome b5 reductase activities were high, in contrast to exceedingly low (or absent) amounts of cytochrome P-450 and activities of cytochrome P-450 reductase, monooxygenase, and epoxide hydrolase. The data show that (i) aromatic hydrocarbons are metabolized not only in ER membranes but also in other kinds of membranes, including Golgi apparatus and plasma membrane, and (ii) the mode and extent of this metabolism can differ in different membranes. Such differences of activities of enzymes present in the specific membranes might lead to differences of the intracellular distribution of reactive and inactive metabolites of aromatic hydrocarbons and thus may be important in diversification and regulation of metabolic pathways of carcinogenic compounds.
From 5 young males and 5 young females blood was drawn under highly standardized conditions at 6 to 10 occasions during 4 months. The serum constituents thyroglobulin, thyroxine, triiodothyronine, T3-uptake test, TBG and TSH were determined, and four indices were calculated. The biological intra-individual coefficients of variation were below 0.14 for thyroglobulin, and the inter-individual coefficients for variation ranged from zero for T3-uptake test to 0.35 for thyroglobulin. All results were within the generally accepted reference ranges for normals. Within these ranges the calculations of indices for free thyroxine and triidothyronine according to T3-uptake test and TBG, did not significantly reduce the coefficients of variation for these serum constituents. Thyroglobulin concentrations did not correlate to any of the measured or calculated constituents. The knowledge of these intra- and inter-individual variations of serum thyroglobulin in healthy persons is of importance for the interpretation of variations found in patients.
Exposure of rat to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) results in an increase in activity of liver microsomal mixed function oxidase system, plasma cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid. Experiments were designed to study the effect of dietary quality of protein on these metabolic responses to dietary addition of PCB. The diets contained either whole egg protein, casein, fish protein, soy protein, soy protein plus 0.34% methionine, wheat-gluten, corn-gluten or gelatin fed at 10% of the diet. In general, the relative biological values of proteins as shown by the gains in body weight were positively correlated with activity of the microsomal enzyme system including aminopyrine N-demethylase, aniline hydroxylase, cytochrome P-450 and NADPH-cytochrome c reductase, plasma level of cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid. Supplement of methionine to soy protein diet containing PCB caused a significant increase in liver and plasma cholesterol and in urinary ascorbic acid, although the influence on the microsomal enzyme system was slight. The gelatin diet containing PCB gave higher activity of the enzyme system than that expected from the biological value, although the same protein diet without PCB caused quite low activity as expected from the biological value.
Industrial exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and internal dose were investigated in 80 worker exposed for many years to PCB mixtures with a 42% chlorine content (Pyralene 3010 and Apirolio). PCBs were determined by liquid gas chromatography on samples taken from workroom air, workroom surfaces and tools, the palms of the hand, and the blood of the workers. In the workroom air samples, PCB concentrations ranged from 48 to 275 micrograms/m3. All tested surfaces and tools were heavily contaminated, with a range from 0.2 to 159 micrograms PCBs per cm2 of surface. Considerable amounts of PCBs were detected on the palms of the hands of the workers (2-28 microgram/cm2 of skin surface). In blood, total PCB concentrations from 88 to 1319 micrograms/kg were observed: comparing the blood concentrations of low and high chlorine content biphenyls, a significant difference was found for the low-chlorinated biphenyl concentrations between workers currently exposed and workers exposed only in the past. In groups of workers who were homogeneous as regards work area and job, the PCB concentrations in the blood were closely correlated with the length of actual occupational exposure to these compounds. These findings led to the conclusion that absorption of PCBs in these workers had occurred mainly through the skin, therefore industrial preventive surveillance must take this route of exposure into account. Since blood PCB concentrations appear to be correlated with the length of exposure, PCB determination on whole blood may be used to monitor industrial and environmental exposure to PCBs.
The geometric mean serum level of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) of 458 persons in a communitywide study was 17.2 microgram/L, with 80% to 90% having levels within the range found in other community groups. As a dependent variable, PCB levels were found to be positively related to age, even when controlled for all other variables associated with PCB level: sex, local fish consumption, obesity, serum cholesterol level, and alcohol consumption. No major point source of PCB contamination was found, and fish taken in the drainage of a major population center had mean PCB levels below the current enforceable Food and Drug Administration tolerance of 5 mg/kg. As an independent variable, serum PCB levels were positively associated with gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase level, serum cholesterol level, and measured blood pressure. The PCB-blood pressure association, which was independent of age, sex, body mass index, and social class, must be confirmed in other exposed populations.
Rats exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) or other xenobiotics exhibit an increase in tissue and urinary ascorbic acid, serum cholesterol and hepatic lipid peroxidation. To clarify the physiological role of ascorbic acid in exposure to PCB, we studied the influence of dietary levels of ascorbic acid (30-2,000 ppm) on the growth, serum lipids and hepatic lipid peroxidation in guinea pigs fed 50 ppm PCB-containing diets. The results showed that the growth depression due to PCB was ameliorated by increasing dietary ascorbic acid. The increases in serum cholesterol and phospholipid and in hepatic lipid peroxidation due to PCB were suppressed by larger amounts of ascorbic acid, which inversely correlated with the changes in growth. PCB intake also increased serum levels of cortisol and triglyceride, but these effects were not influenced by dietary level of ascorbic acid. The optimum requirement of ascorbic acid in the guinea pigs fed PCB was 800-2,000 ppm in the diet for the changes in the growth, serum cholesterol and hepatic lipid peroxidation.
A method for biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) has been developed. The analytical procedure includes extraction of PAH and PAH metabolites from urine using commercial cartridges containing C18-modified silica, reduction of metabolites to PAH by hydriodic acid and subsequent analysis of the PAH by high performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection. The method is applied to urine samples from an occupationally non-exposed control group and from aluminum workers with high exposure to PAH. In the control group urine extracts from smokers show a significantly higher level of PAH than from non-smokers. The high concentrations of PAH found in the working atmospheres of aluminum plants are not reflected to a corresponding extent in the excretion of PAH in urine.
1 Concomitant saliva and plasma theophylline concentrations were measured in six healthy male volunteers following single dose administration of two sustained release preparations (Nuelin SA and Phyllocontin Continus). 2 Using mean values, a good correlation was obtained between saliva and plasma drug concentrations. Prediction of plasma values using individual saliva was poor and varied widely. The ratio of saliva to plasma concentrations in the same individual, assessed under standardised conditions, was not always reproducible.
The difference between serum and plasma electrolyte measurements and the effects of delay, cooling and addition of sodium heparin on plasma electrolyte measurements were observed. Delay of more than 30 min from sampling to analysis renders plasma potassium measurements unreliable. All other factors assessed produced no changes in plasma electrolyte measurements. Arterial blood gas laboratories can, therefore, reliably provide rapid or serial measurements of plasma sodium and potassium provided the analysis is performed within 30 min of obtaining an appropriate arterial blood sample.
Results of previous studies of urate secretion in isolated perfused S2 segments of the rabbit proximal tubule suggested that a bath of rabbit serum may inhibit urate transport in comparison to a synthetic medium. In the current study we tested for a urate transport inhibitor by determining the steady-state tissue-to-medium ratio (T/M) of [14C]urate in nonperfused S2 segments during incubation in synthetic medium (BSA-Burg) and commercial rabbit serum (RS-PF). With 80-120 microM urate in the bath the T/M ratio was 7.66 +/- 0.53 (n = 29) in BSA-Burg and 5.29 +/- 0.40 (n = 29) in RS-PF. RS-PF decreased the influx of urate into the cells but had no effect on urate efflux. Freshly drawn rabbit serum and plasma also inhibited urate accumulation, and the inhibition was reversible. p-Aminohippurate accumulation was inhibited by RS-PF, but tetraethylammonium bromide uptake was not. RS-PF inhibited transepithelial secretion of urate and PAH, but net fluid absorption was not decreased. The inhibitory material in rabbit serum could not be removed by extensive dialysis (14,000-dalton exclusion), by ultrafiltration (50,000-dalton exclusion), or by charcoal or ethanol extraction. Inhibitory activity was detected in both albumin and globulin fractions of rabbit serum. The relation between bath and intracellular urate concentrations of nonperfused tubules in rabbit serum was sigmoidal, whereas the relation in the BSA-Burg medium was more nearly hyperbolic. We conclude that organic anion transport in rabbit S2 segments is inhibited or suppressed by normal serum and suggest that urate secretion and excretion may be subject to allosteric modification by serum proteins.
The relationship of acid secretion to blood flow and oxygen consumption was investigated in the isolated canine stomach during intraarterial infusion of pentagastrin. Blood flows above and below control values were achieved by pump perfusion and partial arterial occlusion, respectively. When blood flow was increased from a control value of 38 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1 to 85 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1, both acid secretion and oxygen consumption remained constant at 0.08 mEq X min-1 X 100 g-1 and 2.1 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1, respectively. A reduction in blood flow to 9.0 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1 caused acid secretion and oxygen consumption to decrease to 26% and 44% of control values, respectively. The results indicate that acid secretion is independent of blood flow at flow rates above 38 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1. A model of the interrelationships between blood flow, oxygen consumption, and acid secretion is proposed that may explain much of the conflict in the literature concerning these three parameters.
Platelets storage in glow discharge treated PVC bags was studied. The amount of leaked di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) was 150-200 micrograms/ml/day in the nontreated PVC bags, but only 20-40 micrograms/ml in the treated bags after 48 h. The adhesion of silicone to PVC was much improved, and consequently, uniform coating with silicone became feasible. The decrease of the ability of platelets to aggregate was accelerated by DEHP. When stored platelets were resuspended in fresh plasma, the ability to aggregate was gradually restored. However, the degree of restoration of the ability of platelets which had been incubated with DEHP was low. When platelets were stored in the glow discharge treated and then silicone-coated PVC bags, their adhesion on the surface and the decrease of their function were prevented.
We evaluated the use of the D-xylose absorption test as a marker of intestinal mucosal damage following single-dose oral food challenges in infants suspected of food-protein-induced-enterocolitis. The absorption tests were performed before any challenge, and again after each of four separate food challenges. The response to challenge was judged by five objective criteria (diarrhea, polymorphonuclear leukocytosis, fecal blood, leukocytes, and eosinophils). A significant decrease in the group mean for serum xylose was seen following positive challenges. The 1-h serum xylose level prior to any challenge was 42 +/- 9.5, following negative challenges it was 46 +/- 15, and following positive challenges it was 28 +/- 4.4. However, there was not a good individual correlation between the challenge response and xylose absorption, so intrasubject variability of the xylose absorption test was examined in six infants who had at least three tests performed before a positive challenge response was encountered. The average standard deviation for these repeated tests was 8.2 mg/dl, and the coefficient of variability was 12.6%. This would suggest that, in utilizing this test to assess mucosal damage following oral food challenges or gluten reintroduction, a decrease of 16 mg/dl from the prechallenge values would have to be seen before the difference would exceed two standard deviations. This degree of change was not seen in any patient following a single oral food challenge.
We have encountered two types of variability in the numbers of cells making antibodies in vitro to sheep erythrocytes (PFC) in pokeweed-stimulated human peripheral blood mononuclear lymphocytes (PBM). One is a variation in number of PFC generated by the PBM of one individual compared -o that of another, which is probably an in vitro counterpart to the well known individual variation in in vivo antibody responsiveness and presumed to be T cell controlled. The other variability is in numbers of PFC found in replicate tubes from a given individual. This variation is not T cell controlled, but rather is releated to the relative number of monocytes in the system. Enhancement by monocytes of the numbers of PFC generated is also demonstrated.
In this study the immunoperoxidase technique was used to demonstrate the blood group antigens A, B and H in normal gastric mucosa and primary and metastatic gastric carcinomas. No clear relationship between tumour differentiation and preservation of blood group antigens was found. In some well differentiated tumours there was a marked loss of blood group substance, whereas in other poorly differentiated tumours, both primary and metastatic, it was easily detectable. In some tumours an inverse relationship between A or B and H activity was noted. This observation is consistent with the theory that in some malignant cells there is a blocking of the normal step-by-step elongation of the carbohydrate portion of blood group substances.
In the Chicago Western Electric Company study, diet was assessed at the initial examination, in 1957-1958, of 1900 middle-aged men and again at their second examination about one year later. At the first examination, lipid composition of the diet, as summarized by a score based on the formula of Keys, Anderson and Grande (Grande, F. Predicting change in serum cholesterol from change in lipid composition of the diet. In: Lauer RM, Shekelle RB, eds. Childhood Prevention of Atherosclerosis and Hypertension. New York: Raven Press, 1980:145-53), was positively associated with level of serum cholesterol. Between the first and second examinations, however, hypercholesterolemic men were more likely than others to have reduced intake of dietary saturated fatty acids and cholesterol. As a result, at the second examination the cross-sectional linear association between the diet score and serum cholesterol concentration was significantly positive for men with initial levels of serum cholesterol less than 250 mg/dl, significantly negative for men with initial levels of 250 mg/dl or higher and not significantly different from zero for all men together. The bias introduced by change in diet among hypercholesterolemic men differs importantly from bias due to unreliability of measurement and to interindividual differences in intrinsic level of serum cholesterol, because it can produce statistically significant but spurious correlations.
Currently we are using two different ISO-DALT two-dimensional gel electrophoresis systems, designated MC-Iso 1 and MC-Iso 2, for the analysis of serum and plasma samples. Here we report quality-assurance data for both of these systems. CV values for the slopes of the pH gradient (ISO dimension) are 5.6% of less; CV values for the slopes of the molecular-mass curves (log Mr vs relative mobility in the DALT dimension) are 3.4% or less. We examined the various steps of the analysis in detail for reproducibility and protein loss, using radiolabeled albumin, alpha 2-macroglobulin, and beta 2-microglobulin. Generally, in the first dimension, less protein enters the MC-Iso 2 gels (our routine system in which silver stain is used) than enters the MC-Iso 1 gels (our wide-range system for myeloma serum samples, in which the gel is stained with Coomassie Blue), on the average, 87% as much. The CV at this stage for both systems is 5--8%. During equilibration, considerable amounts of protein are lost (approximately 30% in 10 min) from the ISO gel, and the reproducibility is also decreased. Resolution in the DALT dimension has, in most cases, little or no effect on either recovery or reproducibility. Overall, for most proteins expected to appear in an ISO gel of a given pH range, approximately 50--60% of the starting material may be expected to reside in the sodium dodecyl sulfate slab gel, under our conditions. The two most important variables affecting recovery are the concentration of the NaOH (used as catholyte) and the pH of the starting sample. The overall CV for the process is between 8 and 12%.
This report investigates quantitatively the extent to which 24-hour urinary mercury excretion can be predicted from the concentration of mercury in spot samples. The correlation between these quantities can be significantly improved by the application of a correction for urinary dilution and by restricting spot samples to the day's first excretion. If these precautions are taken, we find that for 68% of the samples the 24-hour excretion, Q, is in the range of 0.75 C' less than Q less than 1.31 C', where C' is the mercury concentration of a day's first excretion. The width of this range appears to be primarily determined by variations in a person's daily urinary volume and by the frequent occurrence of diurnal cycles.
Retest reliability for plasma cholesterol and triglyceride is important diagnostically and in the planning of studies. Coefficients of variation of about 8% for cholesterol and 25% for triglyceride are reported here during Visits 1 and 2 of the Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study in 1972-1975. Retest reliability showed little or no dependence on other factors studied. It would not be unusual to observe apparent cholesterol changes of 50 mg/dl and occasionally 100 mg/dl with no obvious explanation. Apparent random triglyceride changes may be as high as several hundred mg/dl. It is of clinical importance that two thirds of persons in the upper quintile of cholesterol and/or triglyceride at first measurement remain in this rank and one third rank lower on retest. Multiple observations of these lipid values are recommended both for clinical use and for establishment of study baselines.
The authors performed a comparative biochemical study of some enzymes of lysosomic origin (hyaluronidase, N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase, beta-glucosidase, beta-galatosidase and acid phosphatase), of the state of enzyme substrate system N-acetylneuraminic acid---aldolase of neuramic acid and of the activity of lactatedehydrogenase (soluble in cytosol and bound on mitochodria) in the liver, lungs and blood serum of rats at various regimens of the inhalation action of CCl4. On the basis of results obtained they determined the biological importance of the change of activity of enzymes differently localized in cells at the adaptation of an organisme to the noxious action of CCl4.
Protein-energy undernutrition has its most devastating consequences during growth. Postal somatic growth now appears to be regulated in large part by the somatomedins, a family of growth hormone-dependent peptide mitogens. This study, using growing rats as the model, was designed to determine the relationship between protein and energy intake and serum immunoreactive somatomedin-C. Four-week-old male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed ad libitum three levels of isoenergetic protein diets (5%, 10%, and 15% lactalbumin) at each of three levels of energy (ad libitum, 75% or 50% of ad libitum quantities). Dietary fat was held constant at 11.9% as cottonseed oil. At 5 weeks of age, serum somatomedin-C concentration was predominately influenced by the dietary protein and increased linearly as protein intake increased from 5% to 15%. at 6, 9, and 12 weeks of age, serum somatomedin-C concentration was influenced by both protein and energy intake, although protein intake appeared to be the more important variable. Serum somatomedin-C was highly correlated with both body weight (r = 0.84, P less than 0.001) and tail length (r = 0.74, P less than 0.01). These results indicate that measurement of immunoreactive somatomedin-C provides a valuable biochemical index of protein-energy nutriture.
Blood pressure, diet, urinary electrolyte excretion, and body form were studied in 264 traditional nomadic herdsmen of the Qash'qai tribe, southern Iran. The population sample included male and female members over 14 yr of age at six winter campsites. Interviews established biological age, any experience of nonnomadic living, and 24-h dietary recall. Height, weight, triceps skinfolds, and blood pressure were measured. Overnight urine samples were analyzed for sodium, potassium, and creatinine. Samples of dietary staples were analyzed for selected nutrients and electrolyte content. Urinary sodium excretion averaged 186 mEq/24 h in males, and 141 mEq/24 h in females. Urinary Na/K ratios were 3.64 and 3.24 in males and females, respectively. Systolic, diastolic, and mean blood pressure in both males and females increased significantly with age. Blood pressure greater than or equal to 140/90 was found in 12% of males and 18% of females age 30 yr or over. Body weight showed no tendency to increase with age in either sex. Systolic and mean blood pressure correlated with urinary sodium excretion in males and with urinary Na/K ratio in females. From cultural observations, the population sample was considered to be at a low level of acculturation. The data suggest that blood pressure trends in this population are related to habitual dietary electrolyte intake.
The effect of analytical error on the interpretation of blood lead data obtained from population studies is discussed. Statistical analysis of measured blood lead values reported in four representative population studies shows over 40 percent of the variability in blood lead measurements is due to analytical error. Because of this analytical error, a large percentage of the observed lead measurements which exceed a threshold limit are "false positives" in that the true blood lead values for these individuals do not exceed the threshold. The EPA has suggested that the distribution of blood lead values could be used as a guide for determining the portion of a population at risk. "At risk" is defined as having blood lead values above a certain threshold. If this is done, the effect of analytical error which causes "false positives" should be considered properly to obtain an accurate estimate of the population at risk.
At defined coronal sections, the surface area of infarcted tissue was measured 4 days after the occlusion of the middle artery in 11 cats. In groups of cats treated with ifenprodil (5.6 and 16.7 microgram/kg . min over 3 h. 5 min after the occlusion), the infarcted surface was significantly decreased. The topographic localization of the infarction was studied in control and treated cats. This established necrosis was correlated with measures of focal cerebral blood flow and glucose consumption 3.5 h after the middle cerebral artery occlusion. Grey matter blood flow was universally low in untreated cats, but in cats treated with ifenprodil (5.6 microgram/kg . min) cortical and caudate nucleus blood flow was 2-3 times greater, even in those regions that were later infarcted in the treated cats. Glucose consumption was similarly reduced in untreated cats but there was little difference between the control and drug-treated cats except in some areas where drug treatment appeared to further reduce the values for focal glucose consumption. These regions correlated with those in which infarction was later found in the cats treated with ifenprodil. It is hoped that such correlations between pathology. flow and metabolism could help the search for effective pharmacotherapy of cerebrovascular disease.
One-day-old broiler chicks were adapted to a basal, isolated soyprotein-cornstarch diet containing 20% protein, 0.59% methionine and 3,300 kcal metabolizable energy (ME)/kg. They were then fed experimental diets consisting of three levels (0, 500, 1,000 ppm) of copper added to each of the basal diet plus four levels (0, 0.4, 0.8, or 1.5%) of L-methionine for 1 or 4 weeks. Growth was retarded after 1 week by all levels of supplementary methionine, and by 500 or 1,000 ppm excess copper. The plasma concentrations of free methionine, serine, alpha-aminobutyric acid and cystathionine were increased by excess dietary methionine. Excess copper prevented the increase in plasma methionine. After 4 weeks, the plasma methionine concentration and rate of growth of chicks fed 0.4% excess L-methionine did not differ significantly from basal values. The growth retardation caused by 500 ppm excess copper was alleviated by 0.4% supplemental methionine, and the elevations in plasma methionine and liver and spleen iron concentrations observed in chicks fed 1.5% excess methionine were reduced by 1,000 ppm excess copper. The patterns of the relationship between dietary methionine and liver or spleen iron, in the presence or absence of supplementary copper, were similar to those between dietary and free plasma methionine.
The efficacy and toxicity of hydralazine differ widely among individual patients, possibly because of different sensitivities to drug effect or as a reflection of pharmacokinetic differences. Therefore, the variability in plasma hydralazine concentrations after single intravenous and single and multiple oral doses was studied in 9 male hypertensive patients. After an intravenous dose of 0.3 mg/kg the area under the plasma concentration time curve (AUC) varied over less than a twofold range 17.5-29.5 muM-minute. However, after a single oral dose, 1 mg/kg, and after at least the fifth dose of a regimen consisting of 1 mg/kg given every 12 hours, there were much wider variations in AUC values: 4.0-30.4 and 3.2-38.5 muM-minute, respectively. Similar ranges in peak hydralazine concentration, Cp, were also noted, 0.12-1.31 muM after single oral dose and 0.10-1.39 muM after the multiple dose regimen. A significant portion of the observed interpatient variability could be explained by differences in acetylation ability. The AUC and Cp values for both the single and multiple oral doses were significantly lower (P less than 0.001) in rapid than in slow acetylators. Therefore, determining the acetylation ability of patients requiring hydralazine may help to optimize therapeutic benefit and minimize toxicity.
We evaluated the variability in total cholesterol concentrations in serum in a large population of children over a period of time, to help us discern the limitations in reliability of current clinical laboratory methods for its analysis. We analyzed sera from a population of approximately 4000 children over a four-year period, quality-control sera, pooled sera, and surveillance samples from the Centers for Disease Control over a seven-year period, with a Technicon AutoAnalyzer II. Two methods of correction were suggested to adjust deviations in yearly serum total cholesterol means: yearly screening data were corrected on the basis of monthly variability in pooled-serum determinations and on the basis of deviations from values suggested by the Centers for Disease Control. Both correction methods were insufficient. These changes occur very slowly, and unless there is close monitoring and frequent comparison with a known standard, changes in laboratory results still can occur.
The genetic variability of membrane proteins (structure-bound proteins) and cytosol proteins (water-soluble proteins) was investigated in two inbred strains of the mouse, C57BL/6J and DBA/2J. Membrane proteins and cytosol were isolated from the brain and liver of the mouse. The proteins were separated by two-dimensional electrophoresis. A high number of genetic variant proteins (brain, 30; liver, 72) was found in the cytosol. Most of these variants represented changes in the amount of proteins. Electrophoretic mobility changes occurred only in about 1% (brain, 6; liver, 9) of all protein spots of a two-dimensional pattern. In contrast to the cytosol proteins, no genetic variation was detected among the membrane proteins, not even for the quantitative characteristics of the protein spots. The results obtained for the two classes of proteins suggest that the degree of variability in the amount of proteins is related to the degree of variability in the structure of proteins.
Based on literature data, the hypothesis is advanced that in human subjects a direct mathematical relationship exists between the average fatty acid composition of the habitual diet and that of the lipid stores of subcutaneous adipose tissue. Since the half-life of adipose tissue fatty acids in man is in the order of 600 days, the fatty acid pattern of depot fat provides a qualitative measure of the fat intake over a period of 2 to 3 years. It is concluded that in long-term experimental and epidemiological nutritional surveys the adipose tissue fatty acid pattern of the subjects is a useful index of the average composition of their habitual dietary fat.
Two different methods of inulin and PAH clearance were tested in 25 patients with normal and impaired renal function. The clearance calculated from the infusion rate and the serum levels was equal to the classical clearance calculated from serum levels and urinary excretion. The advantages of the clearance method without urine sampling are: a) catheterization of the bladder can be omitted, b) less analytical work and, c) exact timing serum and urine samples is unneccessary.
We examined the associations of diet and alcohol consumption with levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol using cross-sectional data from 4855 white participants, ages 20 years and older, seen at visit 2 of the Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study. There was a strong positive gradient of HDL cholesterol levels with reported amount of alcohol intake in both men and women, regardless of type of alcoholic beverage consumed. We found a difference in HDL cholesterol levels between the two groups of participants who reported no alcohol consumption during the past week. Those who said that they never drank had lower mean HDL cholesterol levels than those who reported that they did drink but had not consumed any alcohol during the past week. Weaker inverse relations (p < 0.05) were found between HDL cholesterol levels and intakes of total carbohydrate sucrose and starch (percent calories and grams). Dietary saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat intakes were unrelated to HDL cholesterol levels; similarly, no association was seen for HDL cholesterol and total calories and total fat. Cholesterol intake (mg and mg/1000 calories) was generally unrelated to HDL cholesterol levels, except in women not taking exogenous gonadal hormones.
Rats were fed for 20 weeks balanced purified diets solely enriched in fat, to determine whether, as in diets containing cholesterol and cholic acid, it was mostly the common dietary long chain saturated fatty acids (16:0 and 18:0) which could induce platelet function abnormalities. The dietary fats rich in 16:0 and 18:0 induced increased thrombin and adenosine diphosphate (ADP) platelet aggregation and an acceleration of the platelet-rich plasma clotting time. These effects on platelet functions were coupled with increased levels of 20:3 omega 6 and 20:3 omega 9 in total platelet phospholipids and a decrease of 22:4 and 24:4 omega 6 in the platelet phosphatidyl ethanolamine. Fatty acids that most closely correlated with thrombin aggregation and plasma clotting time (r = 0.99) were 20:3 omega 9 and 22:4 omega 6. There was no relationship between the effects of dietary fats on blood lipids and on blood platelets. Consequently, in different experimental models in rats, the dietary long chain saturated fatty acids appear to be responsible for certain platelet function abnormalities (clotting activity, response to thrombin aggregation). These platelet abnormalities might be due to changes in the platelet phospholipid fatty acid composition.
We determined unconjugated and total estriol concentrations in serum during the third trimester in 34 normal gestations. Data were obtained weekly for 13 women for as long as nine weeks; 21 others were studied daily for up to 15 days. No correlation between birth weight and either estriol fraction was demonstrated. Between-patient variability was less for unconjugated estriol and was similar for weekly and daily data. Within-patient variability was also less for unconjugated estriol and, as expected, was less for daily than for weekly data. The CV for daily samples, within patient, averaged 13.0% for unconjugated estriol and 20.3% for total estriol. Our data support the daily determination of unconjugated estriol in serum, evaluated for percent changes from single or mean preceding values, as the preferred method of monitoring estriol during pregnancy.
The variability of hydrostatic hepatic vein and ascitic fluid pressures and of plasma and ascitic fluid colloid osmotic (oncotic) pressures was assessed during hepatic venous catheterization by repeated measurements on different days and at different locations in patients with cirrhosis of the liver. Furthermore, calculation of oncotic pressure from protein determinations was compared to the directly measured value of plasma and ascitic fluid samples. Repeated measurements of hydrostatic pressure in the same hepatic vein within 15 min showed a standard deviation (SD) below 1 mmHg. The variation in hydrostatic hepatic vein pressures, pressure differences and ascitic fluid pressures (when measured at different locations within the liver and peritoneal space during a single examination) was 1.5, 1.0 and 1.0 mmHg (SD), respectively. When measured on different days, the variation of hydrostatic hepatic vein pressures, pressure differences and ascitic fluid pressures was 2.5, 1.6 and 1.3 mmHg (SD), respectively. Repeated measurements of oncotic pressure on the same plasma sample varied 0.3 and 0.6 mmHg (SD) when measured on the same day and a subsequent day, respectively. The variation in plasma and ascitic fluid oncotic pressure, when measured on samples obtained on different days, was 2.0 and 0.6 mmHg, respectively. The error of oncotic pressure calculated from protein determinations was 2.9 and 1.3 mmHg (SD) for plasma and ascitic fluid, respectively. It is concluded that measurements during catheterization give a good reproducibility in determination of the hydrostatic pressures in hepatic vein and ascitic fluid and of the colloid osmotic (oncotic) pressure in plasma and ascitic fluid in the resting supine patient with cirrhosis, which substantiates the use of measurements during a short period as representative for the patients long-time level.
The present study found no link between the intake of energy and various nutrients, on the one hand, and high or low blood pressure (BP) in women, on the other. Sixty women not on treatment for hypertension were selected from a defined population and examined, applying the duplicate portion technique, with respect to the relationships between BP and the intake of energy and nutrients. They were selected from above the 95th percentile for BP (group A) and from below the 30th (group B). The two groups were age-matched. The food sampling comprised six days, divided into three periods of two consecutive days within a period of four weeks. Twenty-four hour urine specimens were collected in each period and on two other occasions. The mean values for intake of energy, fat, protein, carbohydrates, minerals and electrolytes did not differ between the two groups despite the large differences in BP and obesity. The mean values for urinary excretion of minerals, electrolytes and nitrogen (calculated as crude protein) did not differ between groups. The present findings for the effect of salt on BP do not justify restriction of the salt intake as a means for decreasing BP in the population.
To determine whether the elevation of serum haptoglobin (Hp) elicited by many tumors is associated with properties of the tumor, Hp levels were determined during successive passages of two transplantable fibrosarcomas and two leukemia lines in syngeneic mice. Characteristic and unique profiles were elicited by each of the four tumors and were reproducible in each of three successive transplant generations. The Hp profiles elicited by EL4 leukemia cells were similar in allogeneic and syngeneic mice, except that the Hp maxima were greater in the allogeneic mice. Preimmunization with EL4 cells or pretreatment with immune serum or spleen cells obliterated the Hp response normally elicited by EL4 cells in allogeneic mice. These results suggest that the Hp response elicited by a tumor is associated with transmissible characteristics of the tumor.
Ethanol disposition was evaluated in 77 female and 97 male college seniors during an alcohol challenge study. All were regular drinkers who exceeded legal intoxication levels at least twice a month by history. A standard ethanol dose (females, 0.43 g/kg; males, 0.51 g/kg) was administered over 10 min, after a 4-hr fast, and breath alcohol concentrations (BrACs) were measured for 2 hr. Intersubject variability in BrACs was greatest early in the study, during ethanol absorption; the coefficient of variation decreased from 39% at 14 min to 14% at 125 min after the start of drinking. The time to peak BrAC varied from 10 to 91 min after the start of drinking (mean 39.6 min). Mean BrACs were significantly lower in females than males; mean peak BrACs were 0.054 g/210 liters in females and 0.058 g/210 liters in males (p = 0.031). The beta- and r-values for both genders were higher than those typically used in ethanol dose calculation formulas. Data are discussed to direct future research. The constants used in Widmark's formula need to be revised differentially for males and females in this population to reach specific target BrACs. Furthermore, substantial variability in absorption rates must be accounted for when assessing rising versus falling limb BrAC phenomena.
The relationship between frequency of consumption of eleven indicator foods (milk, meat, liver, carrots, green vegetables, fruit, eggs, ham, fish, cheese and alcohol) and serum cholesterol was investigated in the comparison group of a case-control study of acute myocardial infarction conducted in Italy. Data were collected on 792 subjects from various Italian regions, admitted to hospital for acute conditions unrelated to any known or potential risk factor for myocardial infarction or to long-term modifications in diet. No statistically or epidemiologically meaningful relationship emerged between serum cholesterol level and frequency of consumption of any of these foods. Cholesterol levels rose according to increasing consumption tertiles for most of the indicator foods considered. Higher values for the higher tertile of consumption were observed for meat, ham and eggs, but also for fruit, carrots and green vegetables. However, correlation coefficients between frequency of consumption of various food items and serum cholesterol level were uniformly low for all food items considered, ranging between -0.09 (for milk) and 0.19 (for ham). Although a more comprehensive diet history may lead to different indications, the present data are not suggestive of any major influence of long-term frequency of consumption of a few selected indicator foods on serum cholesterol levels.
In a repair shop for train engines a pilot study was conducted to investigate occupational exposure to diesel exhaust. 1-Nitropyrene was determined in stationary sampled total suspended particulate matter collected on 2 consecutive workdays. Air concentrations of particulate associated 1-nitropyrene varied from non-detectable to 5.6 ng/m3. In spot urine samples collected on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their nitro-substituted derivatives were determined using an immunoassay. In the urine samples of 3 diesel mechanics both cumulative and average excretion of urinary metabolites over 48 and 72 h were significantly enhanced (P < 0.05) as compared to the excreted levels in urine samples from 2 office clerks.
An immunoperoxidase method using a polyclonal antiserum which recognizes benzo(a)pyrene and structurally related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxide-DNA adducts has been developed for the detection and quantitation of DNA damage in single cells. The method was used initially on 10T1/2 cells treated with [3H]anti-benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide then applied to the detection of adducts in oral mucosa cells of smokers and nonsmokers. Levels of DNA damage were elevated in each of 16 smokers (mean relative staining, 503 +/- 104) compared to 16 age-, race- and sex-matched nonsmokers (251 +/- 82; P < 0.0001). There was an approximately 3-fold range in relative staining in both smokers (252 +/- 125 to 663 +/- 189) and nonsmokers (157 +/- 72 to 431 +/- 269) suggesting the importance of individual differences in capacity to metabolize the carcinogens and/or repair damaged DNA. This noninvasive method, requiring small numbers of cells, will be useful for routine monitoring of DNA damage in intervention studies as well as for biofeedback in smoking cessation programs.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) form DNA adducts via a complex metabolic activation pathway that includes cytochrome P450 (CYP) 1A1, whereas intermediate metabolites can be detoxified by conjugation through pathways including glutathione s-transferase M1 (GSTM1). PAH-DNA adducts can be measured in peripheral white blood cells (WBCs) and should reflect the net effect of competing activation and detoxification pathways and DNA repair as well as exposure. We have previously shown that WBC PAH-DNA adducts measured by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) were associated with recent, frequent consumption of charbroiled food among 47 nonsmoking wildland fire-fighters who provided two blood samples 8 wk apart. In the investigation reported here, which was performed in the same population, we measured the association between the GSTM1 null genotype, which results in loss of enzyme activity, and PAH-DNA adduct levels, hypothesizing that subjects with this genotype would have higher levels of DNA adducts because of their decreased ability to detoxify PAH metabolites. However, PAH-DNA adduct levels were nonsignificantly lower in subjects with the GSTM1 null genotype (n = 28) compared with other subjects (n = 19) (median 0.04 fmol/microgram DNA vs 0.07 fmol/microgram DNA, respectively, P = 0.45, Wilcoxon rank-sum test). Adduct levels were also lower in the nine subjects heterozygous or homozygous for the CYP1A1 exon 7 polymorphism (which codes for a valine rather than isoleucine and is thought to be associated with greater CYP1A1 activity) compared with the 38 wild-type subjects (P = 0.12). In the entire group, there was a positive association between consuming charbroiled food and PAH-DNA adduct formation (r = 0.24, P = 0.02, Spearman rank-order correlation). This association was weaker in the subgroup of subjects with the GSTM1 null genotype (r = 0.03, P = 0.84) and stronger among the remaining subjects (r = 0.57, P = 0.0002). These results suggest that the GSTM1 null genotype and CYP1A1 exon 7 polymorphism are not associated with increased susceptibility for PAH-DNA adduct formation in peripheral WBCs measured by ELISA in nonsmoking populations.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the intrasubject reliability and repeatability of the blood glucose response to prolonged exercise in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) when pre-exercise meal, exercise, and insulin regimens are kept constant. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Nine IDDM adolescent boys with diabetes duration of 9.7 +/- 4.8 years participated in two testing sessions 5-17 days apart. Carbohydrate intake, subcutaneous insulin injections, exercise bouts, and their timing were identical in both sessions. Exercise started 1 h after breakfast and consisted of six 10-min cycling bouts at moderate intensity (heart rate 145-150 beats/min), separated by 5-min rest periods. During rest periods, blood samples for glucose were taken and a supplemental carbohydrate beverage was consumed. Subjects were asked periodically to guess their own blood glucose levels. RESULTS: Intersession plasma glucose levels for each time period from the start of exercise to the end of the final recovery period were unchanged between sessions (P > 0.05) and highly correlated (r = 0.88 to r = 0.96, P < 0.01). The intraclass correlation for plasma glucose was 0.95. Decreases in plasma glucose from the start of exercise to the end of exercise were, at most 5 mmol/l, and intersession decreases did not differ significantly (P > 0.05). One subject experienced hypoglycemia. The decrease in plasma glucose did not differ significantly between fair and poor glycemic control (glycosylated hemoglobin < or = 10% and > 10%, respectively). Subjects markedly underestimated their blood glucose levels when they were high, but their guesses were closer to the measured values at lower levels. CONCLUSIONS: --Intersession observations demonstrated that the intrasubject blood glucose responses to prolonged moderate-intensity exercise were reliable and repeatable when pre-exercise meal, exercise, and insulin, regimens were kept constant. This is an important finding for implementing and evaluating educational strategies for improving the metabolic control associated with prolonged exercise, as well as for future research on means for preventing exercise-induced hypoglycemia. 
The frequencies of chromosome aberrations and micronuclei were evaluated to assess the induction of adaptive response to low dose ionizing radiation in each of the blood samples collected from eight different individuals. Following stimulation with phytohemagglutinin, the cells were exposed to an adaptive dose of 1 cGy X-radiation at 24 hours and a challenge dose of 150 cGy gamma radiation at 48 hours. Lymphocytes were fixed at 54 hours to examine the incidence of chromosome aberrations and at 72 hours to examine the frequency of micronuclei in cytokinesis-blocked binucleated cells. Lymphocytes from five donors, i.e., "responders", exhibited the induction of adaptive response; their lymphocytes, which were pre-treated with 1 cGy had significantly fewer chromosome aberrations and micronuclei induced by the challenge dose of 150 cGy gamma radiation, as compared to the cells which did not receive the pre-treatment with 1 cGy. Such an induction of adaptive response was not observed in the remaining three donors, i.e., "non-responders"; the incidence of chromosome aberrations and micronuclei induced by the challenge dose of 150 cGy was not significantly different between the cells which were pre-exposed and un-exposed to 1 cGy. In all eight individuals, there was a strong positive correlation between the incidence of chromosome aberrations and micronuclei. Hence, whether or not an individual is a 'responder' or 'non-responder' could be assessed using either chromosome aberrations or micronuclei as the end-point. The overall pattern of response confirms the heterogeneity in adaptive response between individuals to ionizing radiation, which may in part be genetically controlled. Because of the simplicity of the technique and rapid assessment of the binucleated cells, we suggest the use of the micronucleus test as an alternative procedure in large scale population studies related to the adaptive response.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxins (polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), and dibenzofurans (PCDFs)) are widespread environmental contaminants which are neurotoxic in animals. Perinatal exposure to PCBs, PCDDs, and PCDFs occurs prenatally via the placenta and postnatally via breast milk. To investigate whether such an exposure affects the neonatal neurological condition, the neurological optimality of 418 Dutch newborns was evaluated with the Prechtl neurological examination. Half of the infants were breast-fed, the other half were formula-fed, representing a relatively high against a relatively low postnatally exposed group, respectively. As an index of prenatal exposure, four non-planar PCBs in cord and maternal plasma were used. These PCB levels were not related to neurological function. As measures of combined pre- and early neonatal exposure, 17 dioxin congeners, three planar, and 23 non-planar PCB congeners were determined in human milk in the second week after delivery. Higher levels of PCBs, PCDDs, and PCDFs in breast milk were related to reduced neonatal neurological optimality. Higher levels of planar PCBs in breast milk were associated with a higher incidence of hypotonia. This study confirms previous reports about the neurotoxic effects of these compounds on the developing brain of newborn infants.
A novel strategy was utilised to assess the risk to health from exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Ambient monitoring was carried out by personal sampling. Urinary thioethers (UTh) and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) were utilised for biological monitoring. Urinary d-glucaric acid (UDGA) and sister chromatid exchange (SCE) in peripheral blood lymphocytes were used as biological effect markers. The population was categorised into exposed and control groups according to the external dose of PAHs. The excretion of 1-HP in the controls over the 3-day period showed a relatively stable baseline, while the exposed showed a significant increase over the same period of time. SCE frequency in the exposed population was significantly different from controls.
Fatty fish from the Baltic Sea accumulate immunotoxic persistent organochlorine compounds. In a previous study we found inverse correlations between such fish consumption and natural killer (NK) cell levels in a Swedish population. The present study concerns 68 Latvian subjects with high, low or intermediate fish consumption. High fish consumption correlated positively with B cell levels and CD4+/CD8+ ratios, but negatively with levels of cytotoxic (CD8+) T cells. Furthermore, NK cell levels correlated inversely with plasma selenium, one of several strong correlates with fish intake. A high fish diet includes a set of possible immunomodulating agents. It is presently not possible to pinpoint the cause for the observed subset deviations or to establish their possible biological importance.
OBJECTIVE: To identify prognostic metabolic and hormonal markers for long-term weight loss outcome in obese women. DESIGN: Dietary intervention consisting of 36 weeks treatment by a 4.2 MJ/d low-fat high carbohydrate diet, and follow-up 2 1/2 years after termination of treatment. SETTING: Outpatient clinic in Copenhagen. SUBJECTS: Forty consecutive female obese patients aged 15 to 62 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Weight loss. RESULTS: The maximum weight loss (mean 16.2 kg, 95% CI 14.2-18.2) was positively associated to pre-treatment 24-h energy expenditure (P < 0.01), fat oxidation (%) (P < 0.02), plasma dihydrotestosterone (DHT) (P < 0.01), and to postprandial noradrenaline concentration (P < 0.04). Together these factors could explain 41% of the variation in maximum weight loss. Only 24-h EE and DHT had predictive power on weight loss after 36 weeks. Weight losses in upper and lower tertiles of DHT concentrations were 17.7 kg (14.1-21.4) and 9.8 kg (6.2-13.3) (P < 0.02). The adjusted relative risk of losing < 10 kg in the upper compared to the lower DHT tertile was 12% (4-32%). At 2 1/2 y follow-up 21 patients had maintained some of the weight loss (54%), while 14 patients had maintained > 5 kg weight loss (36%). High levels of pre-treatment DHT were also associated with better weight loss at 2 1/2 y follow-up. CONCLUSION: The study suggests that in particular DHT, but also 24-h EE, fat oxidation, and plasma noradrenaline, may be prognostic markers for weight loss outcome in obese women. 
Intra- and interobserver reproducibility of Doppler measurements of the pulsatility index (PI) and time-averaged maximum velocity (TAMXV) in the uterine and ovarian arteries were evaluated in examinations of healthy premenopausal women. Each woman underwent reproducibility measurements once in the late follicular phase and once in the midluteal phase. Intraobserver repeatability was assessed in examinations of 12 women, three replicate Doppler measurements being made by one observer in the same vessel. Interobserver agreement was assessed by comparing the results of Doppler measurements made by two investigators in 11 women. The intraclass correlation coefficient (Intra-CC) was 0.78 for the TAMXV in the dominant uterine artery in the follicular phase and 0.82 for the PI in the wall of the dominant follicle. For all other measurements the Intra-CC was < 0.75, indicating poor reproducibility. The interclass correlation coefficient (Inter-CC) was > 0.75 (0.79 to 0.88) for the PI and TAMXV in the dominant uterine artery in the follicular phase and for the PI of both uterine arteries in the luteal phase. For all other measurements the Inter-CC was < 0.75.
A gas chromatographic procedure is described for the determination of trichloroacetic acid in urine, the major metabolite of trichloroethylene exposure. Trichloroacetic acid was derivatised to its methyl ester with BF3/methanol reagent and then extracted into toluene and analysed by capillary gas chromatography using electron-capture detection. The response was linear in the range 0.4-100 mg/l of trichloroacetic acid in urine and showed a relative recovery of 99.6%. The procedure is suitable for monitoring occupational exposure to trichloroethylene.
We examined short-term and long-term repeatability (reliability) of the fatty acid (FA) composition of plasma phospholipids and cholesterol esters (CEs). For short-term reliability, fasting blood samples of 34 subjects were collected three times, 2 wk apart, and in 24 subjects duplicate samples were collected during each visit. For long-term reliability, two fasting samples were collected in 50 subjects approximately 3 y apart. In both phospholipids and CEs, short-term and long-term reliability coefficients were > 0.65 for the major plasma FAs (16:0, 18:0, 18:2n-6, and 20:4n-6), with the exception of 18:1n-9, but were generally lower for FAs that compose < 1% of total FAs. Reliability tended to be better for CEs than for phospholipids. Method variability was small (< 5% of total variability for most FAs), indicating that biological and dietary variability contribute most to total variability. Plasma FA measurement warrants consideration as a biochemical marker of diet in epidemiologic studies.
Workers employed in a graphite electrode producing plant (n = 16) and a coke oven (n = 33) were compared with a control population of maintenance workers in a blast furnace (n = 54). The following parameters were analyzed: concentration of 13 different PAHs in the work environment measured by personal air samplers, concentration of hydroxypyrene in the urine, smoking habits (via urinary thiocyanate levels and a questionnaire) and cytogenetic aberrations in lymphocytes (SCE, HFC and MN). On the basis of PAH levels in the work environment and hydroxypyrene concentrations in the urine, the workers from the graphite electrode producing plant were the most exposed. However, statistically significant differences in SCE and HFC and positive correlations between the cytogenetic markers and airborne PAH levels on the one hand, and urinary hydroxypyrene concentrations on the other hand were only detectable in the workers from the coke oven with a lower exposure. No statistically significant effect of smoking was observed. As to the inter-comparison of the different cytogenetic markers, one may consider that SCE and HFC are more sensitive than MN frequencies for the biomonitoring of exposure to PAHs. Whether MN or SCE are the best biomarker for risk assessment of cancer and whether the presence of PAHs in the work environment is really responsible for the cytogenetic effects found in this study could not be ascertained.
Two well-informed human volunteers were exposed to 500 micrograms pyrene by ingestion and by dermal application, in two separate experiments. Urinary measurements of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) were performed on all micturitions taken at intervals of 0.5-4 h for a total period of 48 h after dosing. Following the absorption phase, 1-OHP is excreted with a first order apparent half-life of approximately 12 h for both volunteers and both exposure routes. These results compare well with other previously published studies. A more refined analysis of the data was performed using a two-compartment toxicokinetic model for 'pyrene' (its fraction eventually excreted as 1-OHP). As it was found that a classical first-order system did not adequately fit the data, a non-linear term was introduced in the model for the elimination of urinary 1-OHP. Computer iteration performed on the oral absorption data allowed an estimation of various toxicokinetic parameter values. The mean intercompartmental exchange (k12 and k21) and elimination coefficients were 0.010, 0.006 and 0.012 min-1, respectively. The first two values compare well with those previously published for the rat, whereas the latter is smaller in humans. These values were used to satisfactorily simulate the experimental data for both routes of exposure, adjusting only for kabs which was estimated at 0.014 and 0.0029 min-1 for the oral and dermal exposure, respectively. The proposed model generates new hypotheses on the metabolism of pyrene. The information collected will contribute to the validation of the utilisation of 1-OHP as a biological indicator of exposure to pyrene.
The urinary excretion profiles following exposure to pyrene were established in one psoriasic patient under treatment with a coal tar-based shampoo and in two other volunteers exposed to a single dose of 100 microliters creosote and, in a separate experiment, to five consecutive daily dermal applications of 500 micrograms pyrene on 200 cm2 of the inner face of the forearms. Timed micturitions were collected for up to 48 h following exposure. Both in the psoriasic patient and in the volunteers exposed to creosote, the excretion peaks between 10 and 15 h after application and first-order apparent half lives of 11.5-15 h can be calculated for the elimination phase. Compatible with these observations, repeated exposure to pyrene in the volunteers causes an increase in peak and trough urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) values for the first few days following the first exposure. These results suggest that the difference between beginning-of-shift/beginning of work week and beginning-of-shift/end of work week 1-OHP excretions should reflect the average exposure of the week in workers having a constant exposure to pyrene. The difference between the beginning- and end-of-shift excretion values of a given day should reflect the exposure of that day but the maximum excretion would be attained a few hours after termination of exposure.
The urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) was measured in two reference groups of non-occupationally exposed individuals and in four groups of workers. Two of these groups were exposed to what were considered to be low levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) on the basis that even post-shift 1-OHP excretion values were low (< 2 mumol/mol creatinine). Therefore, urine samples were collected from these workers after a period of > 60 h without occupational exposure which should yield values approaching background levels. Pooling these results with those of the reference groups yielded a total of 140 individuals having a mean (geometric) excretion of 0.08 mumol/mol creatinine and 5th, 50th and 95th percentiles of 0.02, 0.09 and 0.32 mumol/mol creatinine. The mean (geometric) excretion in the 95 nonsmokers and 45 smokers of this pool was 0.07 and 0.12 mumol/mol creatinine, respectively (one-tailed Student t-test, P < 0.001). Both this background excretion and the contribution of smoking appeared small in comparison with the excretion levels observed in some groups of exposed workers. Indeed, creosote workers described in this report had a geometric mean (range) excretion of 1.63 (0.18-10.47) mumol/mol creatinine during their working week. It is concluded that, for the biological monitoring of workers exposed to PAH, urinary 1-OHP appears to be a useful bioindicator for which background environmental contamination or smoking habits can be neglected in most cases.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) form a large group of organic chemicals that are widely distributed in our environment as pollutants of air, water and soil. Several PAH are carcinogenic in rodents, while exposure to these compounds has been associated with various types of human cancer. Upon entering the body, PAH may be converted into reactive electrophilic species, which can give rise to the formation of DNA adducts. DNA adduct formation is considered to be the initial event in chemical carcinogenesis. In this paper, two methods are illustrated that are widely used to determine PAH-DNA adduct formation, namely 32P-postlabelling, and immunochemical analysis with specific antibodies. The applications of the 32P-postlabelling assay comprise the following: A study of interspecies differences in PAH bioactivation in vitro, with microsomal preparations isolated from liver tissue of various rodent species and of human origin; the results indicate that there are considerable qualitative differences between the adduct patterns obtained, which is relevant with respect to extrapolation from animal to man. The analysis of DNA adduct formation in fish retrieved from marine environments polluted to various extents with PAH; results of these studies show a correlation between liver-DNA adduct levels in these fish and the degree of PAH contamination in the aquatic environment. Biomonitoring of PAH exposure through analysis of adducts in blood cells obtained from heavy and light smokers; the data show a fair correlation between PAH-DNA adduct levels in white blood cells and cotinine content in blood plasma, the latter being used as a marker for exposure to cigarette smoke.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
This study was undertaken to assess the suitability of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHPyr) as a biological marker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in coal liquefaction workers. This is believed to be the first evaluation of the method in coal liquefaction workers. Ten workers were selected from a group of 30 workers considered likely to be at risk of contamination from PAHs by virtue of their jobs. Spot urine samples were collected at the start of a work period and at the end of each work shift, with analysis of 1-OHPyr being undertaken by high-performance liquid chromatography linked to a fluorescence detector. Exposure was assessed by the completion of questionnaires. Excretion of 1-OHPyr increased significantly over the working period, and there was a significant increase in 1-OHPyr where start-shift and end-shift samples were taken over one shift. A significant decrease in 1-OHPyr was found during breaks away from work.
BACKGROUND: The risk of bladder cancer has been shown to be increased in occupations which are likely to involve exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), but up to now, most studies have considered this exposure in terms of job title. METHODS: A hospital-based case-control study of 658 male cases of bladder cancer and 658 male controls was carried out in five areas of France from 1984 to 1987. For each subject, occupational exposure to PAH was assessed from questionnaires by an expert according to a semi-quantitative index of exposure. RESULTS: The overall odds ratio for PAH exposure, adjusted for smoking, coffee drinking and occupational exposure to aromatic amines was estimated at 1.3 (95% CI: 1.0-1.7, P < 0.05). A slight but clear dose-response relationship was observed, and the trend remained significant after adjustment for cumulative smoking, with odds ratios of 1.2 (95% CI: 0.9-1.7), 1.4 (95% CI: 0.9-2.2) and 1.8 (95% CI: 0.8-3.9) for low, medium and high average exposures respectively compared to subjects unexposed to PAH (P for trend < 0.05). Moreover, the association between bladder cancer and PAH exposure was also investigated in a category of smokers homogeneous with respect to their tobacco consumption. In this heavy-smoker group, a stronger association with PAH was detected. CONCLUSIONS: These results support the hypothesis of a causal relationship between occupational exposure to PAH and bladder cancer risk. 
Metabolic control and blood glucose variability in children with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) during and after puberty were studied. Seventy-two children (43M, 29F), aged 10-19 years, with a 2-16-year duration of IDDM participated in the study. Fourteen of the patients were prepubertal (Tanner stage 1), 27 pubertal (Tanner 2-4) and 31 postpubertal (Tanner 5). They performed self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) five times daily, every 2 days for 4 weeks. The SD (SDbg) for all values in each patient was calculated as a measure of blood glucose variability. Weight-length index, linear growth velocity and Tanner stage were recorded. Hemoglobin (Hb)A1c, alkaline phosphatase and sex hormone levels in serum were analyzed. Subjectively experienced hypoglycemic episodes were recorded. HbA1c levels showed no relation to Tanner stage. SDbg was lower in stage 5 than in stages 2-4 (p = 0.02). There was no significant correlation between HbA1c and SDbg, but the variability was significantly lower in individuals with mean blood glucose in the lower quartile compared with those in the upper three quartiles (p < 0.001). Alkaline phosphatase concentration, as a measure of growth velocity, was the main independent determinant of SDbg (r = 0.35, p < 0.005). There was an inverse correlation between levels of sex hormones and SDbg. We conclude that blood glucose variability is lower after than during puberty. This variability seems to be related to linear growth velocity or its biochemical marker.
Benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[b]fluoroanthene and dibenzo[a,h]anthracene dissolved in a 1:2 mixture of dimethylsulphoxide (DMSO) and water were administered to two groups of female mice, each group containing 15 mice. The doses were administered orally (via gavage) at the respective rates of 1 and 100 micrograms kg-1 body weight five times per week for a period of 9 weeks. The influence of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) was determined using the following methods: determination of DNA-PAH adducts, of chromosome injuries (micronucleus test), of induction of repair using the unscheduled DNA synthesis (UDS) test, and by examination of the DNA structure after nucleoid sedimentation. All the methods investigated provided evidence of a significant effect resulting from exposure to PAHs on the parameters examined. Following chronic exposure to PAHs, the formation of DNA-PAH adducts and injury to the genetic material, as well as the appearance of micronuclei (micronucleus test), the induction of unscheduled DNA synthesis (UDS test) and mutation of the DNA structure (nucleoid sedimentation), were demonstrated. The described methods therefore provide a means for the detection of genetic damage caused by PAH exposure in humans.
Basic parameters associated with practical application of gas chromatography coupled with microwave-induced plasma atomic emission spectrometric detection GC-MIP-AED in the determination of seven "indicator" polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in biotic matrices were evaluated. The detection limit for chlorine (Cl-479) was found to be 0.54 pg/s. Under the conditions used for sample analysis (1 microliters of purified extract injected into the GC-MIP-AED system represented 2.5 mg of original fat), this value corresponded approximately to 0.15 mg/kg of the respective congeners in fat. The detector response was linear within the tested range of 0.5-10 ng of each injected PCB. The relative standard deviation of repeated injections for the lowest concentration level of 0.5 ng of PCB per injection ranged between 10.5 and 34.4% depending on the chlorine content of the individual analytes. The results demonstrate a high selectivity of chlorine detection. Carbon (C-496) chromatograms recorded simultaneously demonstrated the efficiency of the clean-up step used. Quantitative results (analytes at levels of 0.1-1 mg/kg) obtained with the atomic emission detector did not differ significantly from those recorded with a conventional electron-capture detector.
It is well established that marine n-3 fatty acids measured in erythrocyte phospholipids of non-pregnant subjects reflect the subjects' intake of these fatty acids. In 135 pregnant women in the 30th week of gestation we compared intake of marine n-3 fatty acids and energy, estimated by a combined dietary self-administered questionnaire and interview, with fatty acids measured in erythrocyte phospholipids. Daily intake (g/d) and nutrient density of marine n-3 fatty acids (mg/MJ) correlated with the n-3 fatty acid: arachidonic acid ratio (FA-ratio) with correlation coefficients of 0.48 and 0.54 respectively. In a linear regression model with three frequency questions about marine sandwiches, marine cooked meals and fish oil as explanatory variables, and the FA-ratio as dependent variable, the multiple correlation coefficient was 0.46. Conclusions from the study were (1) levels of erythrocyte fatty acids in pregnant women may be employed as a qualitative method to rank subjects according to intake of marine n-3 fatty acids; (2) with respect to the power to explain FA-ratio variability, three simple marine food frequency questions were comparable with intake of marine n-3 fatty acids assessed by an elaborate semiquantitative dietary method involving an interview.
Polybrominated biphenyl (PBB), a flame-retardant material, was introduced into the food chain in Michigan in 1973 due to a manufacturing and distribution mistake. Following public concern about the long-term health effects of PBB in humans, a cohort of PBB-exposed Michigan residents was assembled in 1975. We initiated this study to determine the half-life of PBB in human sera and to understand how continued body burden relates to the possible adverse health consequences of PBB exposure. To determine the half-life, eligible persons were selected from the cohort if they had at least two PBB measurements 1 year apart and had an initial level > or = 20 pbb. There were 163 persons who met the criteria with a median PBB level of 45.5 ppb. The estimated half-life is 10.8 years (95% CI, 9.2-14.7 years). The body burden of PBB in exposed persons will decrease only gradually over time. For persons with an initial level of 45.5 ppb of PBB, it will take more than 60 years for their PBB levels to fall below the current level of detection of 1 ppb.
A new congener specific method has been developed for extraction and quantitative determination of PCB contaminants of serum. After liquid-liquid extraction and chromatographic fractionation with Carbopack-C/florisil column, the analytes were identified and quantified utilizing gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MSD) using selected ion monitoring (SIM) technique. Recoveries of 35 non-planar PCB congeners (#18, 28, 31, 44, 49, 52, 60, 66, 74, 82, 87, 99, 101, 105, 110, 114, 118, 128, 138, 141, 146, 151, 153, 156, 157, 158, 167, 170, 171, 180, 183, 185, 187, 189 and 194) and 5 non-ortho (coplanar) congeners (#37, 77, 81, 126 and 169) from spiked serum were between 55-115%.
The Second National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey found low iron and zinc intakes and low serum ferritin in many premenopausal women. Therefore food frequency history, serum ferritin, plasma zinc, plasma zinc disappearance, and zinc turnover rate were measured in healthy premenopausal women. Plasma zinc disappearance and turnover rate were determined by inductively coupled plasma mass spectroscopic analysis of the plasma ratio of zinc 67 to zinc 68 before and 30 to 60 minutes after intravenous injection of 67Zn. Food frequency predicted serum ferritin concentration in 38 women and plasma zinc disappearance in 19. Frequent red meat intake was associated with higher serum ferritin concentration and a "normal" plasma zinc disappearance. Frequent milk intake was associated with lower serum ferritin concentration and a rapid plasma zinc disappearance. After exclusion of an outlier, in 18 women serum ferritin concentrations were lower when plasma zinc was < 70 micrograms/dl (p < 0.03), and plasma zinc disappearance and turnover rate were higher when serum ferritin was < 20 ng/ml (p < 0.05). Serum ferritin concentration and plasma zinc disappearance constant were inversely and nonlinearly related (R2 = 0.777, p = 0.0003). These findings suggest that avoidance of red meat increases the risk of iron and zinc deficiencies, and low serum ferritin concentrations suggest the possibility of low zinc nutriture.
Blood samples were collected from 28 mothers and from 38 school-aged children from Michigan farms on which there were polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB)-contaminated silos. The samples were analyzed for PCBs and other contaminants, including polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs) and dichlorodiphenyl trichloroethane (p,p'-DDT + p,p'-DDE) via packed column gas chromatography. The PCBs were quantified, using the Webb-McCall method, with Aroclors 1016 and 1260 used as reference standards. Approximately 42% of the children had serum PCB levels above the detection limit of 3.0 ng/ml. The values ranged from 3.1 to 23.3 ng/ml, with a mean of 6.8 ng/ml. In contrast, PCBs were detected in 86% of the mothers. The mean serum concentration was somewhat higher for the mothers (9.6 ng/ml), but the range was similar to that found for the children. PBBs were not detected in any of the children, but were present in trace amounts in 25% of the mothers. Conversely, DDT was present in 66% of the children and 93% of the mothers. As with PCBs, DDT concentrations were somewhat higher in the mothers. DDE accounted for 89% of the total DDT in serum. Various potential sources of exposure were evaluated as possible determinants of serum PCB levels, using hierarchical multiple regression. Years of residence on a silo farm and consumption of PCB-contaminated Great Lakes fish both accounted for significant portions of the variance in maternal serum PCB levels. Exposure via breast-feeding explained a large and highly significant proportion of the variance in the children's serum PCB concentrations, suggesting that breast milk was the primary source of PCB exposure for these children.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The mean normal prothrombin time (MNPT) based on the fresh plasma of 20 healthy individuals is the recommended way to derive a normal value for the prothrombin ratio. This is generally believed to give a reasonable representation of the normal in the local population, but there may be difficulty in obtaining a good representative sample in some centres. The alternative of a uniform lyophilized 'normal' plasma has been suggested. The comparative value of a widely used commercial 'normal' plasma and the MNPT has been assessed in an international study at 37 centres. Two common thromboplastins were tested using the local coagulometer methods. The variability of the results and their relative performance in local thromboplastin calibration to derive the International Sensitivity Index (ISI) were assessed. The reliability of the two types of normal in local system ISI calibration with different lyophilized plasma calibrants has also been tested. When the lyophilized 'normal' was substituted for the MNPT in ISI determination no appreciable difference in the degree of correction for coagulometers effects on International Normalized Ratios was found.
Molecular clones of HIV-1 were obtained from isolates cultured from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and directly from uncultured PBMCs from a laboratory worker accidentally infected with the HIV-1 laboratory strain, HIV-1(HTLV-IIIB). Envelope sequences corresponding to the first 752 amino acids of HIV-1(HTLV-IIIB) clone BH10 were obtained from clones of cultured virus and sequenced. Three env clones obtained shortly after infection differed among themselves at only seven nucleotide positions, resulting in one amino acid substitution and one frameshift mutation. These envelope sequences were as similar to the envelope sequences of various IIIB clones as the latter were to each other. env divergence increased over the course of infection. However, the overall diversity in env clones obtained two or more years after infection was still comparable to that among IIIB env clones from the original IIIB culture. Multiple clones of partial env gene sequences containing the V3 loop were also obtained directly from uncultured PBMCs by polymerase chain reaction amplification. The env sequences of these clones were generally similar to those of the cultured viruses. Within the V3 region, the earliest isolates retained the sequence of the HXB2 clone from IIIB. Clones obtained later showed a progressive divergence in V3. An A-to-T substitution within the GPGRAF sequence at the tip of the V3 loop was observed within 1 year after infection, and this mutation predominated in all subsequent isolates. Antibodies against the V3 loops of IIIB and divergent 1987 and 1990 LW isolates appeared simultaneously in laboratory worker serum and persisted with no significant differences in titer. Furthermore, neutralization studies with autologous sequential sera suggested selection for the A-to-T change in V3 was not due to V3-directed antibodies. These results demonstrate a surprising homogeneity among env sequences of HIV-1 from an infected laboratory worker, perhaps because the initial infection originated from a relatively homogeneous population of tissue culture-adapted virus.
An isoform of transferrin, carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) is increased in a high percentage of abusing alcoholics and has been found superior in its specificity compared with other biological markers. We used serum CDT as a screening parameter in 502 patients consecutively admitted to our medical department during a 4-week period. The intake of ethanol during the last 4 weeks was registrated by personal interviews and the mean daily consumption calculated. Serum CDT was measured at admission (CDTect) and compared with gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase (GGT), AST, ALT, and mean corpuscular volume (MCV). Serum CDT detected 18 of 26 (69%) patients who consumed > 50 g ethanol daily. The clinical sensitivity of CDT of detection ethanol consumption > 50 g daily was 69%, compared with 73%, 50%, 35%, and 52% for increased values of GGT, AST, ALT, and MCV, respectively. Altogether, 38 of 476 patients (8%) with a daily ethanol consumption < 50 g also had increased serum CDT levels. The specificity of CDT was 92%, compared with 75%, 82%, 86%, and 85% for GGT, AST, ALT, and MCV, respectively. In the 60 patients who consumed > 10 g ethanol daily, we found a significantly positive correlation between CDT and ethanol consumption (r = 0.52, p < 0.001). A positive correlation was also found between serum transferrin and CDT (r = 0.51, p < 0.001). In conclusion, the specificity of CDT is much higher compared with GGT in detecting alcohol abuse. Some acute and chronic illnesses may increase the serum level of CDT. False-positive CDT levels may be caused by changes in serum transferrin concentration.
This study was conducted to elucidate the mechanism of glucose intolerance due to carbohydrate restriction. 15 non-diabetic patients, aged 51 +/- 3 yr, were placed under dietary condition-I (2,012 kcal/day; carbohydrate 299 g) for more than 3 days after admission and then condition-I was substituted by condition-II (1,156 kcal/day; carbohydrate 139 g) for 2 weeks. At the end of condition-I and -II, 75 g OGTT was performed. After the comparison between condition-I and -II, patients were subdivided into two groups, namely, glucose tolerance-improved (n = 8) and -impaired (n = 7) groups. In the former, sigma glucose (mg/dl) during OGTT decreased from 898.1 +/- 28.0 to 738.5 +/- 36.0 (p < 0.05) and sigma IRI (microU/ml) decreased from 418.8 +/- 60.1 to 300.7 +/- 33.5 (p < 0.05) but sigma dT3 (ng/dl) increased from 11.3 +/- 14.7 to 70.3 +/- 15.1 (p < 0.05). In the latter, sigma glucose (mg/dl) increased from 774.6 +/- 46.6 to 867.1 +/- 50.1 (p < 0.05) and sigma IRI (microU/ml) increased from 323.4 +/- 47.8 to 400.8 +/- 47.8 (p < 0.05) but sigma dT3 (ng/dl) decreased from 45.3 +/- 7.1 to 20.0 +/- 14.7 although it did not reach a level of statistical significance. These results suggest that blunted serum T3-response to glucose ingestion is linked to the mechanism of glucose intolerance due to carbohydrate restriction.
A prevailing opinion is that glutathione disulfide (GSSG) levels in human blood are very low, but many studies have reported variable results. Therefore, our objective was to determine valid processing conditions for GSSG measurement and apply them to normal human blood samples. Reproducibility and stability of GSSG were demonstrated in acid extracts of a single sample of fresh whole blood by repetitive measurements during a 6-h period in which the %CVs were < 10. In contrast, in normal subjects tested repeatedly over several years, GSSG values ranging from < 2 to 166 nmol per 10(10) red blood cells were obtained and the overall %CV was 46. Lower GSSG values were obtained in hemolysates and ultrafiltrates. Thus, these results indicate that blood GSSG concentrations differ due to biological variation using optimal processing conditions.
The induction of DNA adducts and adenomas in the lungs of strain A/J mice has been investigated following the single i.p. administration of each of the following polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH): pyrene, dibenz[a,h]anthracene, benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, 5-methylchrysene, and cyclopenta[c,d]pyrene. DNA adducts were measured by 32P-postlabeling at times between 1 and 21 days following injection, while adenomas were counted at 240 days after treatment. Pyrene did not induce either DNA adducts or lung adenomas at any of the doses examined. Each of the remaining PAH induced both adenomas and DNA adducts in a dose-dependent manner, with dibenz[a,h]anthracene > 5-methylchrysene > cyclopenta[c,d]pyrene > benzo[a]pyrene > benzo[b]fluoranthene. DNA adducts reached maximal levels between 3 and 9 days after injection, followed by a gradual decrease. The time-integrated DNA adduct level (TIDAL) was calculated by numerically integrating the areas under the adduct persistence curves extrapolated to 240 days for each PAH at each dose level. This value represents the effective total molecular dose of PAH that was delivered to the lung DNA over the entire course of tumorigenesis. A strong correlation of lung adenoma induction with the TIDAL values was observed for each PAH. The slopes of the tumors versus TIDAL value relationships were essentially identical for 5-methylchrysene, cyclopenta[cd]pyrene, benzo[a]pyrene, and benzo[b]fluoranthene. The slope of this relationship for dibenz[a,h]anthracene was markedly greater. The essentially identical induction of adenomas as a function of TIDAL values for these PAH suggests that the formation and persistence of DNA adducts determines their carcinogenic potency.
Clinically relevant interassay precision profiles for thyrotropin (thyroid-stimulating hormone; TSH) were constructed with human serum pools measured over 4-8 weeks by six immunometric assays, in at least two different reagent lots. Functional sensitivities (the concentration at which the interassay CV is < or = 20%) were determined in four to eight clinical laboratories plus the respective manufacturer's laboratory. These studies revealed that the manufacturer's stated functional sensitivity limit is rarely duplicated in clinical practice. Loss of specificity (indicated by artifactually high values) was seen with some methods when used to measure certain unrefrigerated low-TSH sera. Measurement of TSH in four human serum pools (TSH < 0.05-0.25 mIU/L) by 16 different methods (each in at least eight UK or US laboratories) showed that some methods could not reliably distinguish subnormal from normal TSH values. Better pool rankings and fewer misclassifications of low-TSH sera as "normal" were seen with use of assays capable of "third-generation" functional sensitivity (0.01-0.02 mIU/L) than with assays with "second-generation" functional sensitivity (0.1-0.2 mIU/L). Because inter- and intramethod differences in functional sensitivity negatively impact the diagnostic accuracy and cost-effectiveness of a TSH-centered thyroid-testing strategy, laboratories should independently establish an assay's functional sensitivity by a clinically relevant protocol. Moreover, manufacturers should assess functional sensitivity more realistically and improve the robustness of assays to ensure that their performance potential is consistently met in clinical practice.
The role of plasma cortisol in the relationship of alcohol consumption and smoking with BP was investigated in a study of 297 Japanese men, aged 50-54 years, who were not receiving antihypertensive agents. They were admitted to the Self-Defense Forces Fukuoka Hospital between January and June 1992 for a detailed pre-retirement health examination. A history of alcohol consumption and cigarette smoking were determined from a self-administered questionnaire. The plasma level of cortisol and BP were determined in the morning of the first admission day. While the plasma level of cortisol was positively related to systolic and diastolic BP, cortisol levels did not vary substantially with alcohol consumption. Both BP and plasma cortisol levels were lower among current smokers than nonsmokers. The lower BP observed among current smokers was ascribed in part (about 20-30%) to the plasma cortisol levels. While the cortisol levels may contribute the lower BP among current smokers, the data did not support its role in mediating the alcohol-BP relationship.
Coal tar treated psoriasis patients were used as a model population to evaluate a panel of immunoassays for monitoring exposure to benzo[a]pyrene (BP) and related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). The assays included measurement of PAH diol epoxide-DNA adducts in white blood cells by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) with fluorescence endpoint detection, PAH-albumin adducts by competitive ELISA with color endpoint detection and serum levels of antibodies recognizing BP diol epoxide-DNA adducts by noncompetitive color ELISA. PAH-DNA adducts by ELISA were elevated in patients (mean 6.77 +/- 12.05/10(8)) compared to controls (4.90 +/- 8.81/10(8), p = 0.12). There was no difference in PAH-albumin adducts between patients (mean 0.61 +/- 0.31 fmol/micrograms) and controls (0.63 +/- 0.30 fmol/micrograms). Glutathione S-transferase M1 genotype was also determined but no relationship was found between presence of the gene and either DNA or protein adduct levels. About 30% of both patients and controls had measurable titer of antibodies recognizing BPDE-I-DNA adducts. Measurement of white blood cell DNA adducts by ELISA was the most sensitive method for detecting PAH exposure in coal tar-treated psoriasis patients.
Heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) are animal carcinogens and suspected human carcinogens which are formed in cooked foods at the low parts per billion level. HAAs in cooked meats were purified by either immunoaffinity chromatography or solid phase tandem extraction, which allowed for the simultaneous analysis of 11 HAAs by HPLC. The metabolism of two prominent HAAs, 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ), was investigated in animal models and in vitro with human tissues to develop strategies for human biomonitoring. MeIQx and IQ are rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract of rodents and transformed into several detoxification products which are excreted in urine and feces. Metabolites result from cytochrome P450-mediated ring oxidation at the C-5 position followed by conjugation to sulfate or beta-glucuronic acid. Other major metabolites include the phase II conjugates, N2-glucuronide and N2-sulfamate. A metastable N2-glucuronide conjugate of the genotoxic metabolite of N-hydroxy-MeIQx was also detected in urine and bile. The binding of both carcinogens to blood proteins was low and suggests that human biomonitoring through protein adducts may be difficult. These metabolic pathways exist in nonhuman primates and several of these pathways also occur in vitro with human liver. The urinary excretion of MeIQx in seven human subjects following consumption of cooked beef or fish ranged between 2 and 22 ng in 12 hr when determined by negative ion chemical ionization GC-MS. After acid hydrolysis of urine, the amount of MeIQx increased 4- to 10-fold in 6 of the 7 subjects.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
We studied the coagulative and fibrinolytic activity in intrinsic or extrinsic hyperlipidemia using 4-week-old male Wistar rats. Intrinsic hyperlipidemia was induced by a cholesterol-free high-fructose diet (HFD) and extrinsic hyperlipidemia, by a high-cholesterol diet (HCD) for 14 days. In intrinsic hyperlipidemic rats fed on the HFD, serum lipids were significantly increased as compared with the levels in control rats fed on a standard diet. An apparent increase in plasma fibrinogen level and coagulant factor XIII activity was also observed in HFD rats. In extrinsic hyperlipidemic rats fed on the HCD, significant increases in plasma fibrinogen level compared with that of control rats were found with the increases in serum lipids. Activities of antithrombin III and alpha 2-plasmin inhibitor in HFD-fed rats significantly increased compared with those of control and HFD rats. There was a significant positive correlation between plasma fibrinogen and serum total cholesterol, free cholesterol, or phospholipid in diet-induced hyperlipidemia (p < 0.01). Because of the increase in coagulant XIII activity in HFD-fed rats and the increase in alpha 2-plasmin inhibitor activity in HCD-fed rats, both diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats were shown to have enhanced coagulative activity compared with the control rats. These results suggest that the HFD as well as the HCD causes a pre-hypercoagulative state due to the increase in plasma fibrinogen level and activities in other coagulative and fibrinolytic factors.
Children secondarily exposed through their mothers to a toxic rice oil containing PCDFs and PCBs in the Yu-cheng incident have shown developmental delay even a decade after the incident. Forty-five serum samples were collected from these children in February 1991 ad small amounts analyzed for their contaminant content using sample enrichment and isotope dilution mass spectrometry. In about one-half the samples, detectable levels of PCDFs and PCBs could still be determined with average values for 2, 3, 4, 7, 8-PnCDF and 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 8-HxCDF of 300 and 620 ng/kg serum lipid, respectively. The mean of the total PCBs on a whole weight basis was 7.5 micrograms/kg. These concentrations of PCDFs and PCBs are still 10 to 25 times higher than those from a matched control population. Although the serum levels did not correlate with developmental delays, those for the two PCDFs but not the total PCBs correlated with duration of breast feeding indicative of postnatal exposure. The results of this study suggest that estimation of past prenatal exposure of children to PCDFs is best carried out using current mother and not current child blood concentrations.
The European Atherosclerosis Research Study (EARS) is a study of the biological expression of a paternal history of premature coronary heart disease. The study was carried out in 14 centres in 11 European countries, where the offspring of fathers who suffered a documented myocardial infarction before the age of 55 years (cases) were compared with age- and sex-matched controls. In this paper we describe the measurement of plasma cholesteryl esters as biomarkers for the fatty acid composition of the diet in the cases and controls. No significant differences were found. Cholesteryl palmitate, oleate, linoleate and arachidonate were measured in plasma and correlated with plasma lipids and lipoproteins and with life-style variables including body-mass index, alcohol consumption, tobacco and physical activity. The strongest correlations were observed between cholesteryl esters and triglycerides, which are positively correlated with cholesteryl oleate and negatively with cholesteryl linoleate. Apo B was negatively correlated with cholesteryl linoleate and positively with palmitate. Among the other variables, alcohol was positively correlated with cholesteryl oleate and negatively with linoleate, both in males and in females. Furthermore, there are differences between regions, with the highest percentages of saturated cholesteryl palmitate measured in Finnish students, the highest percentage of cholesteryl linoleate in Belgium and of cholesteryl arachidonate in Southern Europe.
An improved high-performance liquid chromatographic (HPLC) method for the determination of 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene (3-OHBaP) in urine was developed. The sensitivity and reproducibility of the technique was greatly improved by the addition of 1 mg/L ascorbic acid to the methanol eluent of the HPLC system. This procedure also eliminated the peak splitting and band broadening of the 3-OHBaP peak otherwise observed. Furthermore, it corrected the urine matrix effect on the slope of standard curves. In fact, in the absence of ascorbic acid in the HPLC system, slopes of standard curves were steeper when prepared in a methanolic extract of control rat urine (121 L.nmol-1) than in methanol only (86 L.nmol-1). Both these slopes were smaller than that obtained with the modified mobile phase (244 L.nmol-1). The effect of the latter on the shape and intensity of the 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) chromatographic peak was also investigated. Again, slopes were greater when the standards, prepared in a methanolic extract of urine, were chromatographed with ascorbic acid (380 L.nmol-1) than without (157 L.nmol-1). Therefore, it seems that ascorbic acid, like certain substances in urine, may act by masking specific adsorption sites--probably uncapped silanol residues on the LC 18 column that can retain free 3-OHBaP and 1-OHP metabolites.
Higher intakes of vegetables and fruits are associated with a lower risk of certain human cancers. A biomarker of vegetable and fruit intake would be a valuable research tool. A cross-sectional study assessed the association between plasma carotenoid concentrations and intakes of vegetables and fruits. Plasma carotenoids (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lutein, beta-cryptoxanthin, and lycopene) were measured in 50 male and 49 female participants, aged 18-37 years, with a wide range of habitual vegetable and fruit intakes. Dietary intakes were assessed via a food frequency questionnaire. Intake of vegetables and fruits and high carotenoid foods were measured. The sum of the plasma carotenoids (excluding lycopene) was highly correlated with intake of total vegetables and fruits (r = 0.59). Of the individual plasma carotenoids, plasma alpha-carotene had the highest correlation with intakes of both total vegetables (r = 0.50) and total fruits (r = 0.58). Intakes of foods with high carotenoid contents were correlated with their corresponding plasma concentrations as follows: high beta-carotene foods (r = 0.41); high lutein foods (r = 0.46); and high lycopene foods (r = 0.11). Multiple regression analyses showed that intake of total vegetables and fruits was the most significant determinant of each plasma carotenoid except lycopene. The utility of combining the plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intake was assessed by a stepwise regression of total vegetable and fruit intake on plasma carotenoids. Significant determinants of intake of total vegetables and fruits were alpha-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein, and energy intake (R2 = 0.53).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Carcinogen-DNA adducts and somatic gene mutation at the hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyl transferase (HPRT) locus were evaluated in peripheral leukocytes of workers in an iron foundry with exposure to benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). During the two year study period, B[a]P exposure declined by approximately 40%, from a maximum of 60 ng/m3 in the first year to < 36 ng/m3 1 year later. A total of 64 persons were sampled in November/December of the two successive study years; 24 of them gave two samples one year apart. The biomarkers included carcinogen-DNA adducts in leukocytes (PAH-DNA measured by an immunoassay, aromatic-DNA by the 32P-postlabeling method) and HPRT mutation in lymphocytes. After adjusting for smoking, levels of PAH-DNA, aromatic-DNA and HPRT mutation frequency (Mf) increased with exposure among the 64 workers sampled during the 2 year period (P < or = 0.05). However, the markers showed a differential response to the change in exposure, consistent with their individual biology. For example, among the 24 workers sampled in both years, carcinogen-DNA adducts (which have a half-life on the order of several months) were markedly reduced from the first to the second year (PAH-DNA, 6.2 versus 2.3/10(8); aromatic-DNA, 2.5 versus 1.4/(8); P < 0.01). HPRT Mf (a longer-lived marker) was somewhat less affected by the decline in exposure (1.3 versus 0.8, P < or = 0.05). Moreover, in the second year several long-term workers had low levels of adducts, but elevated HPRT Mf. Thus, PAH-DNA and HPRT Mf were highly correlated in the first year (n = 17; r = 0.67; P < 0.01), but not in the second year or in the two years combined. However, when analysis was restricted to workers with detectable levels of adducts (who included the more highly exposed workers) the correlation was significant between PAH-DNA and HPRT (n = 17; r = 0.65; P = 0.005). In contrast, aromatic-DNA adducts and HPRT were not correlated in either year. These results suggest a molecular link between somatic gene mutation and PAHs; and they highlight the need in such molecular epidemiologic studies to consider the varying lifetimes of the individual markers.
The concept of a weighted pool for estimating the area under the curve (AUC) is presented and set in relationship to the trapezoidal rule. An example from a pharmacokinetic study on ethinyl estradiol is used to demonstrate the use of variance component analysis for relating the intraindividual variance of the AUC, trapezoidal rule and weighted pool to the variance of the determination process. Depending on the sampling times, the theoretical variance of the weighted pool is greater than the theoretical variance of the trapezoidal rule. In the example presented, it was shown that this difference is of no importance in relation to the interindividual variance of the AUC, which dominates the total variance. In the example study, routine quality control samples were also determined in each assay, which allowed independent confirmation of the discussed results on the intraindividual variance of the AUCs.
There are 209 congeners of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), the metabolism and toxicity of which vary by congeners. Use of PCBs is now restricted, but environmental contamination and human exposure persist. Analysis for "total PCBs" in biological samples gives limited information; congener-specific analysis is far more informative, but more complicated. Concentrations of congeners in serum/plasma, adipose tissue, or milk are useful biomarkers of exposure. Lipids may contain similar concentrations and congener patterns, but these vary between exposures and are different from those of the corresponding exposure mixtures; hence, analysis of lipids cannot be used to identify the original exposure. Some non- and mono-ortho congeners may attain a coplanar conformation, which renders them capable of a dioxin-like action. Toxic equivalency factors (TEFs) have been used to sum that risk as toxic equivalents (TEQs), which are considerably different from congener concentrations. No reliable data have been developed on the relationship between concentrations of "total PCBs" or congeners in biological samples and effects of PCBs on human health, mainly because of the various analytical procedures involved and confounding exposures.
The spontaneous variability of arterial blood gas and pH values (ABGs) was examined in a group of 28 typical stable medical ICU patients under a variety of ventilatory conditions. In each patient, 13 ABG specimens were measured at 5-min intervals during a 1-h study period using a new bedside, extravascular fluorescent blood gas monitor. For all patients, the mean coefficient of variation (C) was 6.1 percent for PO2 and 4.7 percent for PCO2. The average SD for pH was 0.012. We conclude that the spontaneous variability for ABG values over a 1-h period is substantial and that this variability should be taken into account when making clinical decisions based on ABG values.
We evaluated humoral immunity by measuring IgG, IgA, IgM, and IgE concentrations in 274 male workers in an iron foundry in Cracow, Poland. There were two groups: 199 coke oven workers and 76 cold-rolling mill workers. The groups were similar with respect to age, length of work (average 15 years), and smoking habits. Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), assessed by personal and area monitoring, ranged from 0.2 to 50 micrograms/m3 benzo[a]pyrene in coke plant workers and was of 3-5 magnitudes higher than in the cold-rolling mill employees. Comparison of the two groups revealed a marked depression of mean serum IgG and IgA in coke oven workers (p < 0.001, Student's unpaired t-test). In the same subjects, serum IgM had a tendency to decrease, whereas serum IgE showed a trend toward higher values. Thus, workers exposed chronically to complex mixtures of air pollutants, composed primarily of PAHs, develop immunosuppression. It remains to be established whether the immunosuppression described here is related to the frequent development of lung cancer reported in coke plant employees. Workers exposed chronically to PAHs should have serum immunoglobulins monitored regularly.
OBJECTIVES: To assess whether exercise induced suppression of heart rate variability in the low frequency domain (0.06-0.15 Hz) is related to the increase in circulating catecholamine concentrations. DESIGN: Randomised crossover trial of three exercise tests characterised by different workloads. Pharmacological simulation of exercise-induced changes in vagal and sympathetic activity. PARTICIPANTS: Six healthy men with a mean age of 31.2 (SD 3.0) years. INTERVENTIONS: Three different workloads of steady state cycling ergometry: control state without cycling, cycling at a target heart rate of 100 beats/min, and cycling at a target heart rate of 150 beats/min. Intravenous infusion of atropine (target heart rate 100 beats/min) followed by the additional infusion of adrenaline and noradrenaline. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fast Fourier analysis of heart rate variability; blood pressure; and venous plasma concentrations of lactate, adrenaline, and noradrenaline. RESULTS: During the control exercise period there were no changes in the assessed variables compared with the preceding resting period. During exercise at a heart rate of 100 beats/min systolic blood pressure increased and heart rate variability decreased. During exercise at a heart rate of 150 beats/min systolic blood pressure and lactate, adrenaline, and noradrenaline concentrations increased. In addition, low frequency (LF) was lower than during exercise at 100 beats/min, high frequency (HF 0.15-0.80 Hz) resembled that during exercise at 100 beats/min, and diastolic blood pressure was reduced. Infusion of atropine caused no changes in blood pressure or plasma concentrations of lactate, adrenaline, and noradrenaline and decreased heart rate variability. The additional infusion of adrenaline and noradrenaline completely suppressed heart rate variability and increased blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: The reduction in LF and HF during exercise at a heart rate of 100 beats/min, which is not characterised by increased plasma catecholamine concentrations, and during atropine infusion suggests that heart rate variability in the supine state is largely influenced by vagal activity. The additional reduction in LF during exercise at 150 beats/min and during catecholamine infusion may reflect a negative feedback of circulating catecholamines on the sympathetic control of heart rate. 
The effect of hygienic skin protective measures on the internal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) was studied in 13 coke-oven workers. The study took place over 2 consecutive weeks. In 1 week the subjects worked under the normal circumstances, in the other week extra hygienic skin protective measures were instituted: laundered working clothes and a new pair of gloves before each 8-h work shift, and the washing both of the hands and of the face before each break. Biological monitoring was undertaken to measure the effect of the extra hygienic measures on the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion, which is a measure of the internal PAH exposure. The increase of the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration over the 4-day workweek was on average 37% lower when extra hygienic measures were taken, being 1.3 instead of 2.3 mumole 1-hydroxypyrene per mole creatinine (P = 0.03, N = 13). This study demonstrates that simple hygienic skin protective measures result in a significant reduction of the internal PAH exposure.
To investigate the role of dietary folic acid in dideazatetrahydrofolate (DDATHF) sensitivity, reduced folates were estimated in plasma and tissue of mice following dietary depletion and repletion. Previous studies showed that DDATHF, a new folate antagonist targeted against glycinamide ribonucleotide transformylase, produced unexpectedly severe toxicity in humans compared with mice. However, toxicity in the animal model also became pronounced upon the removal of folic acid from the diet. Further, modest dietary restoration of folic acid in the drinking water showed that toxicity could be alleviated while antitumor activity was maintained. To investigate the role of dietary folic acid levels on tissue folates in this system, all the natural reduced folates were evaluated by a ternary complex based assay in mice placed on folic acid deplete and replete diets. After 2 weeks on a folic acid deplete diet, total plasma folate had decreased by 85%, whereas red blood cell, liver, and intestinal folate fell by only 50%. Repletion of folic acid in the drinking water at a low level (0.0003%) caused partial restoration of reduced folates, while a higher repletion level (0.003%) resulted in restoration to control levels or above. Administration of folic acid and leucovorin by oral gavage to DDATHF-treated mice resulted in elevation of tissue folates in mice maintained on folic acid deplete and replete diets. Relatively high levels of folic acid were present in plasma following oral gavage of folic acid, while essentially no [S]5-formyltetrahydrofolate was observed after leucovorin. Reduced folate pools in a subcutaneously implanted mouse mammary adenocarcinoma responded more extensively to dietary folic acid depletion than folate pools in liver. Likewise, these pools were more sensitive to restoration by folic acid or leucovorin. This greater reduced folate response of tumor versus normal tissue, if confirmed in other systems, suggests a possible basis for selective antitumor activity.
The potent rat colon carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), unlike other food-borne heterocyclic amines, does not induce tumors in rat liver. This correlates with an extremely low level of PhIP-DNA adducts formed in this tissue, and together these observations suggest that PhIP is efficiently detoxified in the liver. In order to identify possible detoxification mechanisms, we assessed the effect of inhibition of glucuronidation, glutathione (GSH) conjugation and sulfation on PhIP metabolism and PhIP-induced DNA damage in rat hepatocytes. Hepatocytes isolated from rats pretreated with Aroclor 1254 metabolized PhIP to the same products found in vivo. N-Hydroxy-PhIP N3-glucuronide and N-hydroxy-PhIP N2-glucuronide were major and minor metabolites respectively. 32P-Postlabeling analysis of DNA from the PhIP-treated hepatocytes indicated the presence of two major adducts, one of which was identified as N-(deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-PhIP, and one minor adduct. There was no unscheduled DNA synthesis (UDS) in these cells. However, pretreatment of the hepatocytes with 1-bromoheptane and buthionine sulfoximine, which depletes GSH and prevents its resynthesis, resulted in a 15-fold increase in the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts, as well as in a high level of UDS. GSH depletion had no effect on the formation of detectable PhIP metabolites. Hepatocyte pretreatment with D-galactosamine, which inhibits glucuronidation, increased the formation of DNA adducts two-fold and UDS was increased similarly. D-Galactosamine decreased the formation of the two N-glucuronides of N-hydroxy-PhIP by 50-60%, but had no effect on other metabolites. Pentachlorophenol, which strongly inhibits sulfotransferases, decreased adduct formation slightly, but had essentially no effect on UDS or on the formation of PhIP metabolites. These results indicate that metabolic conjugation pathways involving GSH and glucuronidation may play an important role in protecting rat liver against PhIP carcinogenesis.
OBJECTIVES: Vascular beds vary in their responses to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside. Both of these agents dilate blood vessels by increasing intracellular guanosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate (cyclic-GMP) but activate different enzymes in the vascular smooth muscle cell. We aimed to determine if the response of intracellular cyclic-GMP to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside varies in smooth muscle cells cultured from different vascular beds. DESIGN: Prospective, repeated measures analysis of concentration-response curves. SETTING: Anesthesia research laboratory of an academic medical center. SUBJECTS: Guinea pigs: Cultured guinea pig smooth muscle cells were obtained from three different blood vessels. INTERVENTIONS: None. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Intracellular cyclic-GMP was measured by radioimmunoassay and concentration-response curves of cyclic-GMP to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside were determined. Cells from the thoracic aorta were the most responsive to atrial natriuretic peptide. Atrial natriuretic peptide (1 microM) increased cyclic-GMP concentrations to 72 +/- 5 pmol/mg (20-fold increase) with a 50% effective concentration of 3 nM. The concentration-response curve in epicardial coronary smooth muscle cells was to the right with an 50% effective concentration for atrial natriuretic peptide of 20 nM and a maximum response of a ten-fold increase in cyclic-GMP. Coronary resistance vessel cells were unresponsive to atrial natriuretic peptide. In response to sodium nitroprusside, the concentration-response curve in coronary resistance vessel cells was significantly to the left of either thoracic aorta cells or the epicardial coronary cells. The 50% effective concentration for sodium nitroprusside in coronary resistance vessel smooth muscle cells was approximately 1 microM, while in both thoracic aortic cells and epicardial coronary cells, the 50% effective concentration was ten times higher. Coronary resistance cells were the most responsive with a 62-fold increase in cyclic-GMP in response to 1 mM of sodium nitroprusside. The maximum response in thoracic aorta cells and epicardial cells was 20- and 30-fold, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Smooth muscle cells respond differently to vasodilators. The response of these cultured cells mimics the response of the intact vascular bed from which they were obtained. These findings suggest that phenotypic properties of smooth muscle cells within a blood vessel contribute to the responsiveness of the vessel. 
To study the ionic basis of salt sensitivity in hypertension, 19F-, 13P-, and 23Na-nuclear magnetic resonance techniques were used to measure cytosolic free calcium (Cai), pH (pHi), free magnesium (Mgi), and sodium (Nai) in erythrocytes of essential hypertensive subjects (n = 19). Individuals were studied for 2 mo each on low- (UNaV < 50 meq/d) and high- (UNaV > 200 meq/d) salt diets, with the concomitant administration of nifedipine (10 mg t.i.d.) or placebo tablets for 1 mo of each diet. Salt loading elevated Cai and Nai while suppressing Mgi and pHi; these changes occurred predominantly in salt-sensitive subjects (n = 9). Nifedipine blunted the pressor response to salt loading > 50% (delta diastolic BP [high-low salt vs placebo] = 5 +/- 2 vs 14 +/- 2 mmHg, P < 0.05) and reversed salt-induced ionic changes, lowering Cai and elevating Mgi and pHi. Regardless of the definition of salt sensitivity, continuous relationships were observed between the pressure response to salt loading, the levels of Cai (r = 0.726, P < 0.001), Nai (r = 0.747, P < 0.001), and pHi (r = -0.754, P < 0.001), and the salt-induced change in Mgi (r = -0.757, P < 0.001). Altogether, these results emphasize the reciprocal and coordinate nature of intracellular ionic changes in response to dietary salt loading and calcium channel blockade in essential hypertension. They suggest that salt sensitivity is mediated by cellular calcium accumulation from the extracellular space, in association with magnesium depletion and acidification. Lastly, interpretation of intracellular ion measurements in the future will require concurrent assessment of dietary salt intake.
1. The metabolism of dichloromethane (DCM) to carbon monoxide as measured by the carboxyhaemoglobin (COHb) level in the blood is stimulated by pretreatment with methanol (MET). After simultaneous administration of both DCM, 6.2 mmol kg-1 p.o., and MET, > 148 mmol kg-1 p.o., the COHb formation is inhibited. 2. MET ingestion results in a transient decrease of the glutathione (GSH) content of the liver. In rats treated with GSH-depleting chemicals such as diethylmaleate (DEM), phorone (PHO), or buthionine sulphoximine (BSO) there were no enhancements of the carboxyhaemoglobinaemia caused by DCM. The COHb formation was not influenced by an increase of the hepatic GSH concentration due to repeated administration of butylated hydroxyanisole (BHA). 3. It is concluded that cytochrome P450 IIE1 (CYP 2E1) is responsible for the metabolic interaction of both DCM and MET, and MET may be an inducer of CYP 2E1. The two pathways of DCM, the oxidative via CYP 2E1 and the metabolism via GSH/GSH-S-transferase seem to be independent.
The association between blood polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) concentration and serum triglyceride level was investigated in 259 "Yusho" patients (PCB poisoning) who underwent health examinations for Yusho in 1988. Geometric means of PCB and triglyceride were 3.84 ppb (95% confidence interval: 3.54-4.17) and 114.3 mg/dl (106.6-122.6), respectively. Both correlation and multiple regression analyses showed a weak but statistically significant correlation between these two variables. The mean triglyceride level adjusted for age and sex was then calculated for comparison among four PCB levels, using analysis of covariance. This indicated a progressive increase with increasing PCB: 98.36, 117.78, 117.84, and 127.65 mg/dl at < 2.7, 2.7+, 4.1+, and 6.1+ ppb, respectively (F = 2.01, P = 0.113). Comparing PCB levels, the difference in adjusted mean triglyceride levels was marginally significant between the first and second (P = 0.088), and the first and third quartiles (P = 0.066), and reached significance between the first and fourth quartiles (P = 0.021). Thus, a weak but significant association between blood PCB and serum triglyceride was observed in the patients 20 years after exposure, although their blood PCB and serum triglyceride were relatively close to the normal levels.
We served a low-fat (28% of energy), high-fiber (3.3 g/MJ) diet according to Nordic nutrition recommendations (Rec diet), and a high-fat diet (39% of energy) corresponding to the average Danish diet (Dane diet) for periods of 2 wk in a randomized crossover study of 21 healthy middle-aged individuals. The Rec diet resulted in lower serum concentrations of low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (medians: 2.77 vs 3.04 mmol/L, P < 0.001) and high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (1.08 vs 1.24 mmol/L, P < 0.001), and higher fasting triglycerides (1.11 vs 0.86 mmol/L, P = 0.04) than did the Dane diet. Furthermore, the Rec diet lowered plasma factor VII coagulant activity (FVIIc) (88% vs 96%, P = 0.002) and raised plasma fibrinolytic activity. Our observations indicate that a low-fat, high-fiber diet may not only reduce the atherogenic but also the thrombogenic tendency of an individual compared with a diet corresponding to the average Danish diet.
The use of low-protein diets for the management of progressive renal insufficiency may require increases in dietary fats to maintain caloric balance. This raises the concern that such diets might exacerbate the lipid problems already prevalent in chronic renal insufficiency. We present a study in which protein-restricted diets were followed by a group of patients with renal insufficiency without a compensatory increase in fat calories and without adverse effects on serum lipids. Ninety-six patients with renal insufficiency were enrolled in the feasibility phase of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study and were assigned to dietary protein intakes of 1.3, 0.575, or 0.28 g/kg body weight/d. The last diet was supplemented with amino acids or their keto analogs. Of this group, 25 participants were excluded from the present study of lipids because of changes in their intake of medications with known effects on serum lipids, three were excluded because of proteinuria increasing by more than 2 g/d, and seven were excluded because of incomplete measurements. For the remaining 61 participants, median serum total cholesterol at baseline was 215 mg/dL. In 72% of participants it exceeded the age- and sex-adjusted median of the Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study. Glomerular filtration rates varied from 8 to 56 mL/min/1.73 m2. The patients' serum lipid levels were stable by 6 months on assigned diets. Serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels tended to decrease with reduced protein intake. The baseline to follow-up change in protein intake calculated from urinary urea measurements was significantly correlated with the change in serum total cholesterol (Spearman r = 0.31, P < 0.05) and also with change in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = 0.34, P < 0.01). Surprisingly, correlations between change in serum cholesterol and intake of fats were small in magnitude and did not approach statistical significance. Protein intake did correlate, however, with intake of cholesterol. We conclude that the use of low-protein diets for patients with renal insufficiency did not adversely affect serum lipids.
Glutathione may function as an anticarcinogen by acting as an antioxidant or by binding with cellular mutagens. Orally administered glutathione increases plasma glutathione levels, and plasma glutathione is also synthesized in the liver. To investigate the associations between glutathione intake and plasma glutathione level, we compared dietary intake estimates from food frequency questionnaire data and measured concentrations of plasma total glutathione and other serum antioxidants in 69 white men and women. Daily glutathione intake ranged from 13.0 to 109.9 mg (mean 34.8 mg). Fruits and vegetables were found to contribute over 50% of usual dietary glutathione intake, whereas meats contributed less than 25%. Small negative correlations were observed between dietary and plasma glutathione and, although they were usually not statistically significant, they were generally consistent by different time periods of dietary intake assessment. Adjustment for sex, age, caloric intake, and dietary intake of the sulfur-containing amino acids methionine and cystine did not alter the observed associations. The correlations appeared to be modified, however, by serum vitamin C concentration, with little or no association between dietary and plasma glutathione among those with lower levels of serum vitamin C and stronger negative correlations among those with higher serum vitamin C levels. These findings indicate that factors regulating plasma glutathione concentration are complex and not simply related to dietary glutathione intake or supply of precursor amino acids.
We have compared several biomarkers for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure among electrode paste plant workers and workers not occupationally exposed to PAH. The PAH exposure was quantitated from samples collected with person-attached sampling devices. The mean particulate PAH exposure level in the plant was 14.4 micrograms/m3. The level of pyrene was significantly correlated with both PAH level and the level of selected carcinogenic PAHs in this type of exposure. The mean concentration of the biomarker 1-hydroxypyrene in the PAH exposed workers' urine was 6.98 mumol of 1-hydroxypyrene per mole of creatinine compared with 0.08 and 0.14 mumol of 1-hydroxypyrene per mole of creatinine in the two reference groups. PAH-DNA adducts were measured in DNA from white blood cells by the ultrasensitive enzyme radioimmunoassay (USERIA) and the 32P-postlabeling technique. Only urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was significantly increased in the PAH-exposed group.
Sixty-seven female rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta) were orally dosed daily for 152 weeks with 0, 5, 20, 40, and 80 micrograms Aroclor 1254 (PCB)/kg body wt. Blood polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) concentrations were highly positively correlated (r = 0.92, P < 0.001) with doses of PCB administered. A comprehensive analysis of plasma lipids/lipoproteins revealed a PCB-associated increase in plasma triglycerides and decreases in plasma total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-chol), very-low plus low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL+LDL-chol), and total carnitine (which is involved in fatty acid metabolism). All of the lipid/lipoprotein changes were significantly (P < or = 0.05) correlated with blood PCB concentration. These data, obtained after 152 weeks of continuous daily exposure of a primate model to PCB support a causal relationship between plasma lipid changes and PCB intake. Previously, causality has been refuted on the premise that the commonly observed elevation of triglycerides with increasing concentration of blood PCB is a reflection, not of PCB dose, but of the partitioning of PCB between tissues (adipose) and blood in proportion to the blood lipid present. The mechanism of the plasma lipid changes was not investigated in this study but the altered lipid/lipoprotein pattern is discussed with respect to known cardiovascular risk profiles.
A biomarker of human exposure to chemical agents provides a valuable parameter for assessing the extent and significance of the uptake by giving a measurement that is direct and integrated over time and exposure routes. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is currently tested as a biomarker for the assessment of low level environmental exposure of people to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Five examples of the application of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene methodology in the assessment of environmental exposure to PAH are presented: inhalation of tobacco smoke; inhalation of urban outdoor air; windsurfers sailing on polluted water; absorption of contaminated food; exposure in an urban area with many heavy industries. The examples illustrate that the urinary 1-hydroxypyrene test is sufficiently sensitive. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is an effective biomarker for the assessment of human environmental exposure to PAH.
Prolactin, a hormone indispensable for milk secretion, has been shown to enhance the development and growth of mammary tumors in rodents; however, its importance in human breast cancer is uncertain. Serum prolactin levels are known to fluctuate considerably under normal conditions, and lack of precision in the hormone measurements may have contributed to the largely negative findings in humans to date. The purpose of this study was to investigate the reliability of prolactin measurements in women using stored serum from an ongoing prospective study of breast cancer. Separate groups of postmenopausal and premenopausal women who donated multiple blood samples at approximately 1-year intervals were studied. The reliability of a single log prolactin determination, as measured by the intraclass correlation coefficient, was 0.76 for the postmenopausal women (95% confidence interval, 0.66-0.85) and 0.48 for the premenopausal women (95% confidence interval, 0.31-0.62). These findings suggest that a single measurement is sufficient to characterize the serum prolactin level of postmenopausal women for epidemiological research. For premenopausal women, however, multiple samples are desirable. Controlling for phase of the menstrual cycle does not appear to substantially improve the reliability of premenopausal measurements.
The influence of drinking and smoking habits on blood lead levels of an urban population was assessed in this study. Lead concentrations were determined in 287 blood samples collected from non-occupationally lead exposed men living in Barcelona, Spain. Blood lead levels significantly increased with the consumption of wine. Although not statistically significant, a similar tendency was also observed for beer drinkers, but not for the consumers of spirits. Slight increases in the blood lead concentrations of smokers were also found. However, because of the significant correlation between heavy smoking and drinking observed in this study, alcohol consumption would probably be responsible for these increases. Wine consumption was the most influential variable (7.72%, P < 0.001) on the blood lead levels of the population examined.
Several studies have shown increased plasma concentrations of neutrophil elastase in complex with alpha 1-protease inhibitor and/or lactoferrin in inflammatory conditions, and serial measurements have been advocated in order to follow disease activity. However, data on the magnitude of the within-subject variation are necessary for evaluation of the significance of changes in results obtained on analysis of serial samples. Within-subject variation of elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and lactoferrin over a short time was studied in six young men who had blood samples drawn every 4 h over 2 days. Within-subject variation over a longer time was investigated in 12 healthy adults, 6 females and 6 males, who had blood samples drawn in the morning once a week for 10 weeks. From five of the females and five of the males, blood samples were also drawn every morning on 5 consecutive days during 1 week. Within-subject variations over hours, days, and weeks were estimated as 0.050, 0.124, and 0.148 for elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and as 0.101, 0.119, and 0.143 for lactoferrin. A tendency towards variation of LAC with menstrual cycle in fertile females was noticed. From within-subject variation, between-subject variation and analytical variation, indices of individuality were calculated as 1.1 and 1.8 for elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and lactoferrin, respectively. This means that within-subject variation for lactoferrin is quite small compared to between-subject variation, and the usefulness of reference limits is very limited, when interpreting results from individual patients. For elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes, the use of reference limits might be more appropriate, although still not optimal.
Previous research indicated that prunes in the diet of men with hypercholesterolemia lowered plasma and LDL cholesterol concentrations. To further study lipid metabolism in response to ingesting prunes, we conducted an animal study to test the hypotheses that fiber extracted from prunes, compared with purified cellulose, lowers plasma and liver cholesterol in rats with diet-induced hyperlipidemia and that the response is dose dependent. Rats were randomly assigned to one of five experimental diet groups. Four of the diets contained cholesterol and cholic acid to induce hyperlipidemia. The fiber source in the hyperlipidemic diets was 6% cellulose, 3% prune fiber, 6% prune fiber or 3% pectin. The fifth group, the nonhyperlipidemic control, was fed a diet containing 6% cellulose without cholesterol or cholic acid. Rats consumed one of the five diets ad libitum for 28 d, then were killed after 16 h without food. Plasma, LDL and liver cholesterol concentrations were higher in the hyperlipidemic control than the nonhyperlipidemic control and lower in the groups fed diets containing pectin or prune fiber than in the hyperlipidemic control group. No differences in plasma or liver cholesterol concentrations were detected between groups fed either dose level of prune fiber or between groups fed 6% prune fiber and pectin. These results indicate that fiber extracted from prunes lowers plasma and liver cholesterol in hyperlipidemic rats, although a dose-dependent response was not detected.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the clinical relevance of the newly described circulating pressor factor with parathyroid hypertensive factor (PHF)-like activity. DESIGN: Plasma samples were collected from 94 normotensive and 93 essential hypertensive subjects, the latter either previously defined by dietary salt sensitivity (n = 43), or prospectively studied on both low- (< 50 mmol/day) and high-salt (> 200 mmol/day) diets (n = 16). METHODS: Blood pressure, demographic factors, plasma renin activity (PRA), urinary electrolyte excretion and bioassayable PHF-like activity were determined in the fasted state on basal and altered dietary salt intakes. RESULTS: Among the normotensive subjects significantly higher PHF-like activity and reciprocally lower PRA values were observed in Black versus Caucasian subjects, particularly among females. In the hypertensive subjects PHF-like activity levels were significantly elevated in the low- (17.1 +/- 1.5 mmHg, n = 34) and normal- (6.7 +/- 1.8 mmHg, n = 36) but not in the high-renin subgroups compared with values in the normotensive subjects (1.6 +/- 1.1 mmHg). Similarly, PHF-like activity values were significantly higher in salt-sensitive than in salt-insensitive hypertensives. Prospectively, PHF-like activity rose significantly with salt loading (4.9 +/- 1.2 to 20.4 +/- 6.2 mmHg) and was positively related (r = 0.648, P < 0.001) to the pressor response to salt. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated levels of PHF-like activity are characteristic of the low-renin or salt-sensitive state, or both, and may contribute to the hypertensive process. Elevated PHF-like activity levels found in normotensive subjects may presage the development of low-renin, salt-sensitive hypertension. 
Synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy has been combined with immunoaffinity chromatography (IAC) and HPLC to detect polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts and measure r-7,t-8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE)-DNA adducts in human tissues and cells. A monoclonal antibody (8E11) that recognizes a range of PAH-DNA adducts, but not chemically unrelated adducts, was used to prepare IAC columns. Samples of DNA (25 from human lung and 8 positive and negative controls) were hydrolyzed enzymically and subjected to IAC. Adducts captured by the antibodies and eluted in NaOH (50 mM) were analyzed for fluorescent properties. The spectral fluorescence excitation-emission matrices suggested the presence of mixtures of PAH-DNA adducts in some of the eluates. The eluates were subsequently hydrolyzed with acid (HCl, 0.1 N, 3 hr) and reanalyzed by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy using a wavelength differential of 34 nm. In 6 of the 25 human lung DNA samples, materials with HPLC retention times identical to benzo[a]pyrene-7,10/8,9-tetrahydrotetrol were found to have fluorescence characteristics indistinguishable from pyrene. Comparisons with appropriate standards indicated that BPDE-DNA adduct levels were between 1 and 40 adducts in 10(8) unmodified nucleotides. No correlation was observed between lung DNA-adduct levels and measures of recent smoking (serum cotinine), but tissue samples taken from different portions of the same lungs showed variation in the DNA adduct levels detected. This finding complicates interpretation of the data and has important implications for the design of future experiments.
The relationship between risk factors for CHD such as physical activity, cardiovascular fitness, subcutaneous body fat, dietary intake characteristics, age, and sex with the blood lipid profile was examined in 39 boys and 58 girls aged 10-15 yr. In boys, a high level of physical activity was related to higher concentrations of HDL-C (r = 0.32, P < 0.05), as well as to lower concentrations of VLDL-C, total triglycerides (TG), and the ratio of total cholesterol (TC) to HDL-C (r = -0.42; -0.40, both P < 0.01; and -0.37, P < 0.05). A high sum of 10 skinfolds (sigma 10SF) was related to a higher ratio of TC/HDL-C (r = 0.35; P < 0.05). In girls, physical activity was positively related to HDL-C (r = 0.29; P < 0.05). The sigma 10SF showed a negative association with Apo A-I and HDL-C (r = -0.26, -0.29, both P < 0.05) and a positive association with apolipoprotein B (Apo B) (r = 0.28, P < 0.05). Cardiovascular fitness was not significantly related to any of the blood lipid concentrations, in either boys or girls. Intake of saturated fats and dietary cholesterol was positively related to TC levels in boys, but the associations failed to reach statistical significance (r = 0.34 and r = 0.31, P > 0.05) due to the small sample size (N = 32).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), the most frequently used immunoassay for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human tissues, has been modified to achieve approximately a 6-fold increase in sensitivity. The new assay, a competitive dissociation-enhanced lanthanide fluoroimmunoassay (DELFIA) has utilized the same rabbit antiserum as the ELISA, antiserum elicited against DNA modified with benzo[a]pyrene. However, the alkaline phosphatase conjugate has been replaced with a biotin-europium-labeled streptavidin signal amplification system, and the release of europium into the solution forms a highly fluorescent chelate complex that is measured by time-resolved fluorometry. The DELFIA has achieved a 5- to 6-fold increase in sensitivity for measurement of DNA samples modified in vitro with benzo[a]pyrene, for cultured cells exposed to radiolabeled benzo[a]pyrene, and for human samples from occupationally exposed workers. The assay has been validated by comparison of adduct levels determined by DELFIA, ELISA, and radioactivity in DNA from mouse keratinocytes exposed to radiolabeled benzo[a]pyrene. Human lymphocyte DNA samples from 104 Hungarian aluminum plant workers were assayed by ELISA and compared to blood cell DNA samples from 69 Italian coke oven workers assayed by DELFIA. The standard curves demonstrated that the limit of detection of 4.0 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts by ELISA, using 35 micrograms of DNA/microtiter plate well, has been decreased to 1.3 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides by DELFIA, using 20 micrograms of DNA/microtiter well. If 35 micrograms of DNA were used in the DELFIA, the calculated detection limit would be 0.7 adducts in 10(8) nucleotides.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Antibodies specific for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts have previously been reported in human sera. In this study, we examined the association between mixed PAH exposure and PAH-DNA adduct specific antibodies in BALB/c mice. Mice were treated either by i.p. injection or by intragastric (i.g.) intubation with a mixture of seven different PAHs [benzo(a)pyrene (BP), benz(a)anthracene (BA), fluoranthene (FA), dibenz(a,h)anthracene (DBA), 3-methyl-cholanthrene (MC), chrysene (Ch), benzo(b)fluoranthene (BF)] at three doses (0, 15, 150 micrograms of each PAH) twice a week for 8 weeks. Sera were screened by direct ELISA for antibodies recognizing DNA modified by diolepoxides or epoxides of each PAH injected. In i.p. treated mice, the sera were slightly more reactive to DNAs modified with diolepoxides of BP, BA, or Ch or an epoxide of DBA than to unmodified DNA. In i.g. treated mice, the sera were more reactive to DNAs modified with diolepoxides of BA or BF than to unmodified DNA. For some PAHs, a dose-response effect was observed between sera reactivity to PAH metabolites and the dose of PAH administered. However, there was considerable variation in the immune responses among individual mice within each treatment group. When tested by competitive ELISA, none of the sera could discriminate between modified and unmodified DNA. This animal study suggests that an assessment of previous carcinogen exposure by measuring DNA adduct-specific antibodies requires further validation prior to its application to the human monitoring of carcinogen exposure.
Dihalomethanes can produce liver tumors in mice but not in rats, and concern exists about the risk of these compounds to humans. Glutathione (GSH) conjugation of dihalomethanes has been considered to be a critical event in the bioactivation process, and risk assessment is based upon this premise; however, there is little experimental support for this view or information about the basis of genotoxicity. A plasmid vector containing rat GSH S-transferase 5-5 was transfected into the Salmonella typhimurium tester strain TA1535, which then produced active enzyme. The transfected bacteria produced base-pair revertants in the presence of ethylene dihalides or dihalomethanes, in the order CH2Br2 > CH2BrCl > CH2Cl2. However, revertants were not seen when cells were exposed to GSH, CH2Br2, and an amount of purified GSH S-transferase 5-5 (20-fold excess in amount of that expressed within the cells). HCHO, which is an end product of the reaction of GSH with dihalomethanes, also did not produce mutations. S-(1-Acetoxymethyl)GSH was prepared as an analog of the putative S-(1-halomethyl)GSH reactive intermediates. This analog did not produce revertants, consistent with the view that activation of dihalomethanes must occur within the bacteria to cause genetic damage, presenting a model to be considered in studies with mammalian cells. S-(1-Acetoxymethyl)GSH reacted with 2'-deoxyguanosine to yield a major adduct, identified as S-[1-(N2-deoxyguanosinyl)methyl]GSH. Demonstration of the activation of dihalomethanes by this mammalian GSH S-transferase theta class enzyme should be of use in evaluating the risk of these chemicals, particularly in light of reports of the polymorphic expression of a similar activity in humans.
The relative validity of a 104-item food-frequency method to assess intakes of fats and cholesterol was tested against the dietary history of 191 men and women. Pearson correlation coefficients ranged from 0.38 for linoleic acid (% of energy) to 0.83 for energy intake, with 0.78 and 0.75 for the intakes of total fat and saturated fatty acids, respectively. Mean intakes were overestimated by the food-frequency questionnaire relative to the dietary history by 5% for energy and monounsaturated fatty acids (% of energy) and up to 30% for linoleic acid intake. Linoleic acid concentrations in erythrocytes and adipose tissue were used as biomarkers of intake. The correlation of the linoleic acid intake according to the food-frequency questionnaire with linoleic acid in erythrocytes and adipose tissue was 0.44 and 0.28, respectively, and the dietary history gave similar values. The food-frequency questionnaire gives results similar to those from the dietary history and is thus considered appropriate for classifying subjects according to their fat intake.
Eicosanoids, the enzymatically oxygenated products of arachidonic acid (AA), appear to be overproduced in some disorders of inflammation. Dietary strategies for decreasing tissue AA require information on the relationships between dietary linoleic acid (LA) and tissue concentrations of AA. The use of either high- or low-LA spreads and cooking oils by healthy male volunteers resulted in a range of LA intakes of 2.5-17.5% of energy, as estimated by diet-diary analysis. Analysis of LA and AA concentrations in neutrophils and plasma lipid fractions from these subjects indicated that there were positive linear relationships between dietary LA and the LA concentrations in neutrophil phospholipids, plasma triglycerides, and plasma cholesteryl esters. By contrast, differences in dietary LA within a broad range were not associated with differences in concentrations of AA in these same neutrophil and plasma fractions. AA concentrations were decreased by supplementation of the diet with 4 g fish oil (1.6 g eicosapentaenoic acid, 0.3 g docosahexaenoic acid). The results suggest that the LA content of tissue lipids may be used to estimate LA intake, and the reduction of dietary LA by using standard dietary strategies is not likely to lead to reduction in tissue AA whereas this can be accomplished by fish-oil supplementation.
This study describes associations between early-stage endometrial cancer and type of dietary fat consumed, based on (i) adipose tissue fatty acid content (a biomarker for dietary fat) and (ii) self-reported frequencies of selected high-fat foods. Because obesity may be associated with high dietary fat intake as well as endometrial cancer, a secondary objective is to determine whether the observed dietary associations are statistically independent of body composition, assessed as percent body fat. To achieve these aims, we examined 20 cases of endometrial cancer in remission and 20 community controls, all aged 55-64. Abdominal adipose tissue biopsies from cases contained significantly higher concentrations of saturated fatty acids of intermediate chain length (C12-C16), lower ratios of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids (P:S ratio), and lower concentrations of C18 polyunsaturated as well as C18 saturated fatty acids. These differences were independent of degree of adiposity measured in a whole body 40K counter and several measurements of regional fat distribution. In addition, each subject's consumption of 20 high-fat items was reported by means of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Analysis of these data indicated that cases consumed more animal-derived fats, again independent of obesity. In particular, cases used more butter in cooking, ate more bacon, and drank more whole milk. Animal-derived fat intake displayed an inverse association both with the P:S ratio and the C18 polyunsaturated fatty acid content of adipose tissue, lending internal validity to the dietary data. These findings are consistent with the hypothesis that the type of dietary fat consumed may influence the occurrence of endometrial cancer.
1. We hypothesized that differences within genes whose protein products are involved in apolipoprotein B metabolism could influence the response of plasma apolipoprotein B-containing lipoprotein concentrations to increases in dietary fibre. 2. We studied 67 subjects (43 men and 24 women) who had taken part in parallel 2 week metabolic dietary studies involving either wheat bran or oat bran supplementation. Fasting blood lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations were measured at the start and end of the 2 week metabolic period. Genotypes were determined using DNA markers for the low-density lipoprotein receptor, apolipoprotein B, apolipoprotein CIII and hepatic lipase gene loci. 3. Reductions in plasma concentrations of apolipoprotein B were significantly different depending on genotype determined with a low-density lipoprotein receptor DNA marker (P = 0.03). There was no significant variation in the reduction of plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol or apolipoprotein B concentrations for alleles of other genes tested. 4. Thus, genetic variability is associated with interindividual differences in the fibre-related reduction in plasma apolipoprotein B and apolipoprotein B-containing lipoprotein concentrations. Implementation of current dietary recommendations to reduce plasma lipoprotein levels with fibre may have variable effects in different individuals in part because of structural differences in candidate genes whose products are involved in lipoprotein metabolism.
Relationships between dietary protein intake of a large free-living group and serum creatinine (Cr), urea and uric acid levels have been studied, based on data obtained from the BIRNH (Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health) study. Highly significant correlations were found in both sexes for total protein, as well as for animal and vegetable protein intake. In a subgroup, the relationship between dietary protein intake and 24-hour urinary Cr excretion has also been studied. The range of +/- 2 SD of the mean for total protein and animal and vegetable protein daily intakes resulted in a calculated range of 24-hour Cr excretion of 430, 317 and 209 mg/24 hours in men and of 192, 169 and 125 mg/24 hours in women, respectively. The 24-hour urinary Cr excretion was significantly influenced by both dietary protein and polyunsaturated fat intake.
A previously characterized cohort of 115 Great Lakes fish eaters and 95 non-fish-eating regional controls was reexamined in 1989. Levels of blood lead and cadmium and serum PCB and DDT were measured. Lifestyle characteristics, including recent and historic fish consumption, were evaluated as predictors of contaminant levels using multivariate regression analysis. Significantly elevated serum PCB and DDT levels were observed in fish eaters, compared with controls. Historic fish consumption, rather than recent consumption, was identified as the primary predictor of current serum levels. Mean blood lead and cadmium were also significantly higher in fish eaters than in controls. However, the primary predictors of lead and cadmium were behavioral exposures--specifically smoking and self-reported occupational and recreational exposure-rather than fish consumption. These findings illustrate the importance of evaluating a variety of possible sources when investigating human exposure to environmental contaminants.
The assessment of cerebral blood flow (CBF) using noninvasive 133Xe techniques provides an indirect measurement of cortical metabolic activity. The utility of this method in longitudinal clinical studies depends on the stability and reproducibility of resting and activated flow measures. We evaluated CBF in a sample of 16 elderly normal subjects (aged 54-73 years) at rest and during task performance in two sessions separated by an average of 9 weeks. Resting global CBF was lower in the second session, a finding consistent with the known effects of habituation previously reported. Regionally specific activated CBF did not change with repeated measurements. The results provide evidence that the 133Xe technique is reliable and of potential utility in evaluating the effect of the natural course of brain disease, as well as the effects of therapeutic interventions on brain activity.
The aim of this study was to investigate, in a group of geriatric inpatients with established incontinence, the relationships among urine loss, voided volumes, frequency of voiding, and fluid intake. The investigated included 128 patients: 76 women and 52 men, with a median age of 79 years. One-half had significant cognitive impairment. Patients underwent 24-hr monitoring of fluid intake, urine loss, and voiding, as well as conventional videourodynamic testing. Diurnal and nocturnal voiding frequencies were significantly but relatively weakly related to fluid intake. Diurnal and nocturnal voided volumes were more closely related, however, to the fluid intake. There was a strong and easily interpretable relationship among nocturnal voided volume, nocturia, cystometric bladder capacity, and evening fluid intake. Sixty of 128 patients had urodynamically proven urge incontinence, and this group was studied separately. They were more cognitively impaired and had significantly greater urine loss and smaller fluid intake than was true of the other incontinent patients. Urine loss was significantly related to fluid intake in this group. Nocturnal urine loss increased by an average of 28 ml/dl of evening fluid intake and decreased by 17 ml/dl voided at night. These results suggest that nocturnal toileting and evening fluid restriction may reduce nocturnal urine loss by a small but useful amount in carefully selected older patients with severe urge incontinence.
To establish whether abnormal function of small coronary vessels might limit the advantages of thrombolytic treatment, coronary flow reserve in the infarct-related artery was measured in nine patients with acute myocardial infarction early after successful coronary thrombolysis by using a Doppler catheter and intracoronary adenosine infusion. In each patient coronary flow reserve was calculated as the ratio between coronary blood flow velocity during the highest tolerated intracoronary dose of adenosine (0.5 mg/min in five patients and 1 mg/min in four patients) and baseline velocity. Coronary flow reserve ranged from 1 to 3 (mean 2 +/- 0.7). No correlation (r = 0.20; p = 0.58) was found between coronary flow reserve and the severity of residual coronary stenosis, which ranged between 23% and 76% (mean 47% +/- 17%). No correlation (r = 0.33; p = 0.39) was found between either coronary flow reserve and the interval between pain onset and administration of the thrombolytic treatment, which ranged between 2.2 and 6 hours (mean 4.2 +/- 1.4 hours). Thus, in patients with acute myocardial infarction, coronary flow reserve early after successful thrombolysis is strikingly variable and may be extremely low despite widely patent epicardial coronary arteries. This restriction of coronary blood flow, probably caused by abnormal function of small coronary vessels, might limit the potential benefit from successful coronary thrombolysis.
Two new field methods for the detection and quantification of egg viability/hatchability in urinary schistosomiasis due to Schistosoma haematobium have been described recently, and compared with reference methods; the new methods are cheap and simple to use, and may be used singly or together. Before recommending their widespread use in control programmes, repeatability (r) and reproducibility (R) were studied using the guide for determination prepared by the British Standards Institution. Both parameters were found to be low in relation to the mean proportions of eggs viable/hatchable except at very low egg counts, and the new methods can safely be used in PHC-based control programmes.
Time-mated Sprague-Dawley rats were exposed to PCB 28 (2,4,4'-trichlorobiphenyl), 8 or 32 mg/kg/day; PCB 118 (2,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl), 4 or 16 mg/kg/day; or PCB 153 (2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl), 16 or 64 mg/kg/day. At weaning, serum thyroxine (T4) was markedly depressed in pups, but not dams, exposed to PCB 118 or 153. Triiodothyronine (T3) was unchanged in pups and dams. In a histological evaluation of thyroids, the PCB 118 pups revealed changes suggestive of sustained TSH stimulation, including increased follicular cell vacuolization and height, increased nuclear vesiculation, and decreased colloid area. Decreases in body and brain weights and increases in liver weights were observed in some groups, with the high dose PCB 118 pups showing the greatest effect.
A large German population sample of 6820 men and 7258 women was used to investigate the relationship between coffee consumption, total serum cholesterol and HDL cholesterol. Analyses were conducted on men and women separately. Differences in age, body mass index, diastolic blood pressure, smoking habits, alcohol, fish, milk and tea consumption, physical activity and medication use were controlled for in the analyses. Interactions between coffee consumption and smoking habits in their relationship with serum cholesterol were part of the analyses. For men, a positive relationship between coffee consumption and total serum cholesterol was found among smokers and life-long abstainers but not in the group of ex-smokers. In women a relationship between coffee consumption and total serum cholesterol was also present, but very weak (only statistical significant in covariance analyses). Levels of HDL cholesterol did not correlate with coffee consumption in either men and women. Hypotheses concerning the peculiarities of the group of ex-smokers are developed, and supporting empirical evidence is given. It is suggested that the group of ex-smokers should always be analysed separately.
UNLABELLED: The fatty acid compositions of serum lipid fractions are believed to reflect the quality of dietary fat, but only a few cross-sectional studies have examined these relationships in a representative free-living population. We related the composition of dietary fat obtained by 7-day food records from 84 free-living middle-aged married couples, on their habitual diets, to gas chromatographic analyses of the percentage compositions of fatty acids in three lipid fractions of fasting sera. Dietary polyunsaturated fat had Pearson's correlation coefficients of 0.63, 0.73 and 0.44 with n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum cholesteryl esters, triglycerides and phospholipids, respectively. Intake of fish showed correlations of 0.60, 0.36 and 0.52 with the percentage of eicosapentaenoate in the respective fractions. Dietary saturated fat had correlations of 0.57 and 0.54 with saturated fatty acids in serum cholesteryl esters and triglycerides, respectively. Dietary monounsaturated fat did not correlate positively with monounsaturated fatty acids in any serum lipid fraction. There were some small but significant gender differences in the serum fatty acid compositions. CONCLUSIONS: of the three serum lipid fractions, triglycerides appear to be the best reflectors of dietary polyunsaturated and saturated fat, but the intake of monounsaturated fat is poorly reflected in all serum lipid fractions. Intake of fish is mirrored in all serum lipid fractions, best in cholesteryl esters and phospholipids. 
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the current study is to examine the reproducibility of CT measurement of the cross-sectional area of abdominal adipose tissue. DESIGN: Sixteen healthy pre-menopausal women, ranging from lean to obese, underwent duplicate cross-sectional CT scans of the abdomen at the level of the 4th lumbar vertebral disc space. Subjects stood after the initial scan and were then re-positioned prior to repeat CT scanning. RESULTS: There was a high degree of reproducibility in measurement of overall cross-sectional adipose tissue (AT) and in the partitioning of this into subcutaneous and visceral AT. The excellent reproducibility is demonstrated by a high correlation between duplicate measurements (r = 0.99, P < 0.01), and by small precision errors; 1.2% of the mean value for total AT cross-sectional area, 1.9% for subcutaneous AT area, and 3.9% for visceral AT area. CONCLUSION: Measurement of abdominal AT area by cross-sectional CT scanning is not only an accurate determination of this adipose depot but can also be repeated with a high degree of precision. 
We evaluated the reproducibility of plasma hormone levels over time in 79 healthy postmenopausal women, ages 51-69 years at baseline, who were not using postmenopausal hormones. Three blood samples were collected between 1989 and 1992 from each of these women. We assessed plasma levels of estradiol, free estradiol, percentage of free estradiol, bioavailable estradiol, percentage of bioavailable estradiol, estrone, estrone sulfate, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), androstenedione, testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, and prolactin at each of three sample collections. The means and SD for each of the plasma estrogens, SHBG, and prolactin were similar at each collection. For the androgens, plasma levels tended to decrease over time consistent with an aging effect; decreases with increasing age were statistically significant for androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) ranged from 0.92 (95% confidence interval = 0.89-0.95) for SHBG to 0.53 (95% confidence interval = 0.43-0.69) for prolactin. Most correlations were at least 0.70. The ICCs did not vary by age or time since menopause. Women who changed weight over the course of the study tended to have lower ICCs for a number of the hormones, although these differences were not statistically significant. These data indicate that, for most of these plasma hormones, a single measurement can reliably categorize average levels over at least a 3-year period in postmenopausal women.
Earlier studies have suggested that catalase activity (CA) may represent a biological marker of alcohol intake in animals and in humans. An initial study was designed to rule out the possibility that CA is induced as a function of acute alcohol intake. Subjects (n = 80) were presented with either an alcohol (0.5 g/kg of body weight) or control solution, and asked to provide four 100-microliters blood samples at 0.0, 0.5, 2.0, and 24.0 hr. Results showed no differences in CA between individuals who had received alcohol, and controls, even when the effects of previous drinking history were covaried out. This lack of effect of acute alcohol intake on the possible induction of CA further supported the notion that CA may be a viable marker of alcohol intake, rather than the converse. In the second study, the relation between CA and alcohol intake was investigated in individuals with a family history (FH) of alcoholism (FH+), and in those without a family history of alcoholism (FH-). Subjects (n = 607) completed the Michigan Alcoholism Screening Questionnaire, the MacAndrew Scale, and the Concordia University Alcohol Screening Questionnaire; answered questions concerning their FH for alcoholism; and provided a 100-microliters blood sample. Results showed that FH+ individuals had higher mean CA compared with FH- individuals. When individuals with FH+ were compared with those with FH-, differences in the pattern of relation between CA and alcohol intake were observed. Although a significant relation between CA and alcohol intake was obtained for both FH- and FH+ individuals, this relation was significantly higher (p < 0.001) for individuals with FH+.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) measurements have been widely examined as a marker of excessive alcohol consumption, yet the information on the sensitivity of this method has remained controversial. In addition, little is known of the relationship of this marker and the severity of alcoholic liver disease (ALD). To clarify these issues, we analyzed serum samples from 373 alcohol abusers, including 200 problem drinkers with no apparent liver pathology, 173 patients with clinical or morphological evidence of ALD, and 42 healthy controls. CDT was analyzed by anion-exchange chromatography followed by radioimmunoassay. At a specificity of 100%, the sensitivity of CDT was 36% in problem drinkers reporting a mean of 710 +/- 80 (mean +/- 2SE) g of ethanol/week, as compared with the sensitivities of 44% and 35% for gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase (GGT) and mean corpuscular volume (MCV), respectively. In a subgroup of problem drinkers (n = 51) with the highest ethanol intakes (1160 +/- 180 g of ethanol/week) and severe dependence, the sensitivity of CDT increased to 64%, compared with 55% for GGT and 39% for MCV. In ALD, the CDT values were significantly higher than in the alcoholics with nonliver pathology. However, when such patients were classified according to the clinical, laboratory, and morphological severity of liver disease, CDT was found to be primarily elevated in those with the early stage of ALD, such that there was a significant negative correlation between CDT and the combined morphological index of disease severity (rs = -0.315, p < 0.05). ALD markers of fibrogenesis were elevated more frequently than CDT, showing significant positive correlations with the indices of disease severity.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVES: The production of magnesium is a well known source of both aliphatic and aromatic chlorinated compounds, among others the polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). The aim of this study was to establish whether increased concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs could be found in the blood of workers in a magnesium plant. METHODS: Blood plasma from 10 workers, employed at a magnesium plant for 10 to 36 years, and from a control group consisting of nine people who had no direct contact with the production were studied. Isomer specific analyses of PCDDs and PCDFs by means of high resolution gas chromatography/high resolution mass spectrometry (HRGC/HRMS) techniques were performed. RESULTS: A significant increase was found in the concentrations of some of the congeners, mainly PCDFs, in the workers compared with the control group. Octachlorodibenzofuran (OCDF) is the congener that most strongly correlates with occupational exposure in the magnesium plant. Low concentrations of 1,2,3,4,6,8,9-heptachlorodibenzofuran were found in seven of the workers. Such isomers--that is, not 2,3,7,8-substituted--are rarely found in human samples. CONCLUSION: Due to the long biological half lives and lipid solubility of PCDDs and PCDFs, blood analyses may serve as an index of past cumulative occupational exposure and a means of assessing a person's exposure situation. 
In most studies reporting the effects of high-fat (HF) and low-fat (LF) diets on human plasma fatty acids (FA) and lipoprotein levels, the design involved adding to the diet an oil that had an FA composition (FAC) very different from the FAC of the control diet. Thus, it is difficult to determine if simply reducing the fat content of the diet without changing the dietary FAC changes the tissue FAC or alters plasma lipid levels. In this study, we fed diets that contained either 22 or 39% of calories from fat, but had no differences in their FAC, for 50 d to a group (n = 11) of healthy men (20-35 y). Thus, the polyunsaturated/saturated ratios (1.0) of the diets were identical as were the n-3/n-6 ratio and the monounsaturated-to-total fat ratios. The diets contained (wt% of total fat) approximately 28% saturated FA, 33% monounsaturated cis-FA, 6% monounsaturated trans-FA, 22% n-6 polyunsaturated FA, and 7% n-3 polyunsaturated FA, and 4% other minor FA. The diets consisted of natural foods and were formulated to contain 16 en% protein, either 45 or 62 en% carbohydrate (CHO) and at least the recommended daily allowance for all micronutrients. Both diets contained 360 mg of cholesterol per day. All subjects were given the HF diet for 20 d, and then six were placed on the LF and the other five remained on the HF diet for 50 d. The two groups were crossed-over for the remaining 50 d of the study. The subjects' baseline total cholesterol level was 173 mg/dl, after 50 d on the HF diet it was 177 mg/dl and after 50 d on the LF diet, 173 mg/dl. The differences were not significant, and there were no significant changes in either the LDL or HDL cholesterol levels with either diet. Triglyceride levels, and consequently very low density lipoprotein levels, rose significantly on the LF, higher CHO diet compared to the levels found in the subjects on the HF diet (91.5 and 66.4 mg/dl respectively, P < 0.002). The linoleic acid content of the plasma, platelets, and red blood cells was significantly (P < 0.05) reduced in the LF diet compared to HF diet, without any obvious physiological effects. Hence, many earlier observations indicating reductions in plasma lipid levels when people are on LF diets may be due to changes in the FAC of the diet, not the reduction in fat calories.
Five polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F), dibenz[a,h]anthracene (DBA), 5-methylchyrsene (5MC), and cyclopenta[cd]pyrene (CPP) were examined for their lung tumorigenic activities in strain A/J mice, their ability to form PAH-DNA adducts in lung tissues, and their ability to mutate the Ki-ras oncogene in PAH-induced tumors. PAHs dissolved in tricapyrlin were administered by single intraperitoneal injection to male strain A/J mice (20 mice/dose) at doses up to 200 mg/kg depending on the PAH. Animals were sacrificed 8 months later and the lungs removed, fixed, and surface adenomas enumerated. DBA produced maximal tumor multiplicity at the highest dose, 10 mg/kg, giving 32.2 lung adenomas per mouse. At 100 mg/kg, B[a]P, B[b]F, 5MC, and CPP gave 12.8, 5.3, 93.1, and 32.2 lung adenomas per mouse, respectively. The dose response data for each PAH was fit to y = 0.6 + bx1.6, where y is the observed mean lung adenomas per mouse at dose x (in mg/kg), 0.6 is the observed background of lung adenomas per mouse, and b is the fitted constant representing the potency of each PAH. Statistical analysis indicated that the fit of the data to the equation was extremely high with adjusted R2 values > 0.985 and small fit standard errors. Based on this equation, the relative potencies of B[b]F, DBA, 5MC, and CPP compared to B[a]P were PAH (relative activity): DBA (118); 5MC (8.8); CPP (2.9); B[a]P (1.0); B[b]F (0.43). DNA adducts were measured by 32P-postlabeling techniques on DNA from lungs of mice treated with these PAHs. Adducts identified by cochromatography with standards were: from B[a]P, 7R,8S,9S-trihydroxy-10R-(N2-2'-deoxyguanosyl)-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro- B[a]P, and two adducts resulting from the metabolic activation of 9-hydroxy-B[a]P and trans-7,8-dihydroxy-7,8-dihydro-B[a]P; from B[b]F, 5-hydroxy-B[b]F-9,10-diol-11,12-oxide-2'-deoxyguanosine; from DBA, three adducts from the metabolic activation of trans,trans-3,4,10,11-tetrahydroxy-3,4,10,11-tetrahydro-DBA and two anti-DBA-3,4-diol-1,2-oxide-N2-[2'-deoxyguanosine] adducts; from 5MC, 1R,2S,3S-trihydroxy-4-(N2-2'-deoxyguanosyl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro- 5MC; from CPP, four CPP-3,4-oxide-2'-deoxyguanosine adducts. Ki-ras codon 12 mutation analysis of PAH-induced tumors was performed using PCR and dideoxy sequencing methods. Mutations from lung tumors from tricaprylin-treated mice were GGT-->GAT, GGT-->CGT, and GGT-->GTT. DBA produced no mutations in Ki-ras codon 12 above spontaneous levels. High proportions (> or = 50%) of GGT-->TGT mutations from B[a]P, B[b]F and 5MC induced tumors and GGT-->CGT mutations from CPP tumors were observed and were statistically significant compared to mutations in tricaprylin control tumors. We conclude from the DNA adduct and Ki-ras mutation studies that bay region diol-epoxide-2'-deoxyguanosine PAH-DNA adducts are associated with the GGT-->TGT mutations, and cyclopenta-ring oxide-2'-deoxyguanosine adducts associated with the GGT-->CGT mutations.
Maternal serum levels of DDE and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) and their congeners were compared for 20 women who had a spontaneous preterm delivery and 20 matched women who had delivered at term at Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York between October 1990 and August 1993. Since no substantial case-control differences were evident, these findings do not indicate that increased DDE or PCB levels are associated with spontaneous preterm birth.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are important environmental contaminants, and their toxicity to wildlife and humans are of major concern. PCBs form persistent and abundant metabolites, PCB methyl sulfones, that accumulate in biota. We now report that certain hydroxylated PCB metabolites show a strong and selective accumulation in mammalian blood. Plasma from experimentally PCB-dosed rats and blood from environmentally exposed grey seals (Halichoerus grypus) and humans were analyzed. Among all possible hydroxylated metabolites of PCB that may be formed, only a few, dominated by 4-OH-2,3,5,3',4'-pentachlorobiphenyl and 4-OH-2,3,5,6,2',4',5'-heptachlorobiphenyl, were found in the blood samples. All identified compounds have a structure with the hydroxy group in a para or meta position, with chlorine atoms on vicinal carbon atoms. The concentrations of hydroxylated PCB in the blood were almost in the same range as the most persistent PCB congeners both for seals and humans.
To study the effects of low copper intake in older individuals, 12 postmenopausal women, aged 63.1 +/- 8.8 y, were fed a diet containing 9 micromol (0.57 mg) Cu/d for 105 d, followed by a copper-repletion period of 35 d during which the diet was supplemented with 31.5 micromol (2.0 mg) Cu/d. Plasma copper and ceruloplasmin did not change significantly during copper depletion but ceruloplasmin decreased during copper repletion. Erythrocyte superoxide dismutase activity dropped significantly during low copper intake from 3450 to 2600 U/g hemoglobin, but did not increase during copper repletion. Platelet cytochrome c oxidase activity changed significantly (P<0.0001) from 1740 to 810 U/g protein during copper depletion, then increased to 1000 U/g protein during copper repletion. Erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity responded similarly. Clotting factor VIII activity increased significantly during copper depletion, then dropped during copper repletion. Low copper intakes did not induce the changes in serum cholesterol and hematology generally found in copper-deficient animal models. These results indicate that a paradigm shift may be needed in evaluating copper status in adult humans. Sensitive indicators of copper include functional activities of platelet cytochrome c oxidase, platelet copper, glutathione peroxidase, and clotting factor VIII. Plasma copper, ceruloplasmin, and cholesterol are relatively insensitive indicators. Also, the recovery from mild copper depletion may require more aggressive intervention tha 2 mg Cu/d for 35 d.
The present study describes a simple method of analyzing metabolites of pyrene in urine. This method is capable of detecting the glucuronic acid and sulfate conjugates of pyrene as well as free 1-hydroxypyrene in a single analysis. In comparison to other analytical methods for detecting pyrene metabolites, this new method does not require an overnight enzymatic hydrolysis step and is much more rapid method of analysis. The newly developed procedure involves solid phase extraction of pyrene metabolites followed by separation using HPLC with a phenyl modified reverse phase column and an acidic buffer and acetonitrile gradient elution system. Metabolites were detected using a fluorescence detector with wavelength conditions optimized for each metabolite. This method resulted in baseline separation of the glucuronic acid (1-OH P-GlcUA) and sulfate conjugate (1-OH P-Sul) of 1-hydroxypyrene and free 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH P). The potential of this method for use in monitoring human exposure to mixtures of PAHs was evaluated by analyzing urine obtained from five individuals working in a coal gasification plant. 1-OH P-GlcUA was detected as the major metabolite in the urine of all the five workers. This metabolite accounted for 80-100% of the total pyrene metabolites excreted in urine. 1-OH P-GlcUA levels ranged from 0.31-0.94 microgram/g creatinine. Low levels of the sulfate conjugate (0.002-0.06 microgram/g creatinine) were detected in four of the samples while free 1-hydroxypyrene (0.07-0.2 microgram/g creatinine) was detected in two of the five urine samples. Urine from occupationally exposed workers was also analyzed for 1-hydroxypyrene following enzymatic hydrolysis using the standard approach. Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene ranged from 0.51-1.17 micrograms/g creatinine. Comparison of the fluorescence intensities of 1-OH P-GlcUA and 1-OH P-Sul to 1-hydroxypyrene demonstrated that the glucuronide conjugate is 3-fold more fluorescent and the sulfate conjugate is 4-fold more fluorescent than 1-hydroxypyrene. These results indicate that conjugates of pyrene, specifically, 1-OH P-GlcUA can potentially be used as a more sensitive biomarker of exposure to PAHs.
Blood lead levels (BPb) and serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels (PCB) were obtained from 17 employees at two adjacent scrap metal dealers. One facility was located outdoors, directly on top of soil known to be contaminated with lead and PCBs, and the other was located indoors with a concrete floor. BPbs ranged from 4.0 to 39.8 microgram/dl (mean 19.9 microgram/dl, geometric mean 17.5 microgram/dl) and PCB levels ranged from <1 to 65.3 ppb (mean 7.5 ppb). There was no significant difference in either BPb or serum PCB between the two sites. BPb was significantly correlated with the number of cigarettes smoked at work, and both BPb and serum PCB were significantly related to eating lunch outside the lunchroom, suggesting hand-to-mouth contact as a source of exposure. The lack of difference in BPb between employees of the two scrap metal dealers suggests an ongoing source of lead exposure at the sites, other than the soil.
Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is an important regulator of plasma sex steroids as well as a sensitive indicator of insulin resistance. SHBG may be an important diagnostic measure of risk for pathologies associated with insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) such as non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. In women, SHBG is also implicated in diverse pathologies such as cancers of steroid-sensitive tissues and hirsutism. Data from an ongoing ecological study linking diet and health in rural China were analyzed to determine the relation of selected plasma variables and diet to plasma concentrations of SHBG. All data represent county mean values, pooled by age and sex, to assess the relation between biochemical and lifestyle characteristics and disease-specific mortality rates at the county level. The study sample consisted of 3250 Chinese women between the ages of 35 and 64 y living in 65 widely dispersed rural counties. Consumption patterns for 21 different food groups were derived from a food-frequency questionnaire and a 3-d dietary survey and subsequently compared. Correlation analyses of county mean values demonstrated a significant association between SHBG and insulin, testosterone, triacylglycerols, body mass index, age at menarche, and several foods. In regression analyses, after adjustments, the strongest predictors of SHBG concentrations were the dietary intake of rice (beta = 0.42, P < 0.01), fish (beta = 0.34, P < 0.05), millet (beta = -0.27, P < 0.01), and wheat (beta = -0.34, P < 0.01). When insulin, testosterone, and triacylglycerols were added to the model only triacylglycerols (beta = -0.26, P < 0.05) remained a significant independent predictor of SHBG. Additional analyses suggested that the consumption of green vegetables was modestly positively correlated with SHBG and negatively with insulin values. Consumption of rice and fish in particular appeared to favorably influence the principle plasma variables associated with a reduction in the risk for IRS pathologies.
Sensitive methods for the determination of the cyclophosphamide metabolites nornitrogen mustard, 4-ketocyclophosphamide and carboxyphosphamide are presented. After liquid-liquid extraction and derivatization, the metabolites are determined by gas chromatography and thermionic specific detection. The methods were used to study the in vitro biotransformation of cyclophosphamide with S-9 liver fractions of human donors. The results show large interindividual differences in the formation of nornitrogen mustard and carboxyphosphamide. 4-Ketocyclophosphamide was not detected.
BACKGROUND: We investigated the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) proviral DNA sequence and copy number in alveolar macrophages (AM) and peripheral blood monocytes (PBM) from 10 HIV-positive patients without any active concurrent pulmonary disease to understand the nature of HIV-1 infection in vivo in the lung microenvironment. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The 10 seropositive patients without active pulmonary disease were selected based on chest roentegenography and pathological/cytological test of bronchoalveolar (BAL) fluid. In order to determine accurate proviral copy numbers, AM and PBM were isolated to 99 and 94% purity, respectively, and quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR), with a sensitivity to detect three copies of HIV proviral DNA per 10(5) cells, was applied. For analysis of genetic variation in HIV-1, PCR-amplified HIV-1 DNA from AM and PBM of five patients were subcloned and 2-12 clones from each sample underwent DNA sequence analysis of HIV-1 gp120 V3-V5. Heteroduplex mobility assays were performed to confirm the results of the sequence analysis. RESULTS: The proviral copy number in AM or PBM were less than 20 copies/10(5) cells in all patients, and five patients had less than the detection limit. There was no significant difference in HIV copy number between AM and PBM. No correlation was found between PBM/AM HIV copy number and CD4+ lymphocyte count in the peripheral blood. Sequence analysis revealed that the mean intrapatient genetic similarity in AM was 97.5 +/- 0.18% (n = 107), which was significantly higher than that in PBM (96.2 +/- 0.26% (n = 94), p < 0.001), suggesting that variability of HIV-1 DNA in AM was relatively limited. Divergence occurred when AM derived HIV-1 sequence was compared with PBM derived sequence from the same patient (95.8 +/- 0.17% (n = 223) p < 0.001). Phylogenetic analysis of DNA sequence demonstrated complete separation of HIV lineages from lung and blood in four of five patients. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest the HIV-1 infection in AM is restricted in vivo with low viral burden and homogenous genotype. We propose that the pulmonary microenvironment may limit the extent of HIV-1 infection. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship of total fat, saturated fat, carbohydrate and energy intake, leisure-time activity, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), and body mass index to the prevalence of atherogenic plasma triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels in Asian Indians living in the United States. High plasma TG and low HDL-C levels have been documented in Asian Indians worldwide. DESIGN: This exploratory study examined medical history, demographics, anthropometrics, plasma lipids levels, food intake frequency, and self-reported leisure-time activity. SUBJECTS: 153 Asian Indian male physicians (mean age=47 years) were recruited at two annual national conferences of the American Association of Physicians from India, with free medical assessments as incentives. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Correlational and multiple regression analyses were performed. RESULTS: Subjects' diets averaged 56% energy from carbohydrate, 32% from total fat, and 8% from saturated fat. High total fat intake was associated with high WHR (r=.21, P<.01) and high total carbohydrate intake (grams per day) was associated with high TG level (r=.24, P<.05). Leisure-time activity averaged 136 minutes/week and negatively correlated with total plasma cholesterol level (r=.22, P<.01) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level (r=.25, P<.001). APPLICATIONS: Dietitians should recommend moderate dietary carbohydrate intake and meal patterns with energy distributed throughout the day, in addition to decreasing fat consumption, to Asian Indian clients at risk for coronary artery disease. High carbohydrate intake and uneven diurnal distribution (no breakfast and large evening meals) are associated with high TG and low HDL-C levels in this population. 
The effect of daily oral maternal exposure to 0, 5, or 25 mg/kg body wt of a polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) mixture (Aroclor 1254) on Days 10 to 16 of gestation on plasma and brain thyroid hormone concentrations and peripheral thyroid hormone concentrations and peripheral thyroid hormone metabolism were examined in fetal and weanling rats. Plasma thyroid hormone levels and hepatic microsomal thyroid hormone glucuronidation were also examined in pregnant rats and the adult offspring. Plasma and brain levels of PCBs and hydroxylated PCB metabolites were analyzed in fetal, weanling, and adult offspring. Maternal exposure to Aroclor 1254 significantly decreased fetal (Gestation Day 20) and neonatal (Postnatal Day 4) plasma total thyroxine (T4) and free T4 levels in a dose-dependent manner. Effects of maternal Aroclor 1254 exposure on plasma total and free T4 concentrations were less pronounced in offspring at 21 days of age and absent 90 days after birth. Plasma concentrations of thyroid-stimulating hormone were unaltered in fetuses, neonates, weanling rats, and adult offspring following maternal treatment with Aroclor 1254. the concentration of T4 was severely depressed in the forebrain and cerebellum of fetal rats on Day 20 of gestation following maternal Aroclor 1254 exposure. Brain triiodothyronine (T3) concentrations in the Aroclor-exposed fetuses were significantly decreased relative to control values only in the low-dose group. On Day 21 postpartum T4 concentrations were significantly decreased in the forebrains of female weanling rats from the 25 mg Aroclor 1254/kg dose group, and no reductions were observed in forebrain T3 concentrations in male or female neonates. The deiodination of T4 to T3 was significantly increased in fetal forebrain homogenates by both PCB treatments. In female weanling brain homogenates the deiodination of T4 to T3 was significantly decreased in the low-dose group and unaltered in the high-dose group. No alterations in brain thyroid hormone metabolism were observed in forebrain homogenates from adult offspring exposed pre- and postnatally to Aroclor 1254. Hepatic microsomal T4 glucuronidation was significantly decreased in fetal microsomes following perinatal PCB exposure and significantly increased in weanling hepatic microsomes in a dose-dependent manner. An accumulation of mainly one PCB metabolite, 2,3,3',4',5-pentachloro-4-biphenylol was observed in fetal plasma and forebrain on Gestation Day 20 and in neonatal and weanling rat plasma on Postnatal Days 4, 21, and 90. The plasma level of 2,3,3',4',5-pentachloro-4-biphenylol was higher than that of the persistent PCB congener 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl in the control and PCB-exposed offspring up to Postnatal Day 21, and even after 90 days, the 2,3,3',4',5-pentachloro-4-biphenylol was present in amounts approximately equal to those of CB 153. Although PCB levels were relatively high in the weanling rat forebrain, no hydroxylated PCB metabolites were detected. On Day 90 postpartum, plasma levels of PCBs and 2,3,3',4',5-pentachloro-4-biphenylol were still elevated in the offspring of PCB-treated dams relative to controls. These results suggest that the accumulation of hydroxylated PCB metabolites in fetal plasma can reduce fetal plasma T4 levels and accordingly fetal brain T4 levels. However, in late gestational fetuses, the induction of brain type II thyroxine 5'-deiodinase activity compensates for decreases in brain T4 levels, so that brain T3 levels are maintained.
Concentrations of alpha- and beta-carotene, lycopene, beta-cryptoxanthin, zeaxanthin, lutein, alpha-, gamma-, and delta-tocopherol, retinol, and retinyl palmitate have been determined in over 1400 human sera from two epidemiological studies. Complete adult population distributions for these analytes, and for a chromatographically defined "total carotenoids" component, are detailed as data-defined histograms. The distributions for retinol and alpha-tocopherol concentrations are much narrower than those for the other analytes. Information provided by analysis of control samples facilitated intercomparison of the two studies and provided univariate and bivariate estimates of the intra-laboratory measurement reproducibility. The utility of an analytical measurement is shown to be dependent on both the measurement uncertainty and the distribution of the analyte within the population.
Previously, one of us (B. K. T.) developed an assay that measures levels of free ethanol and ethanol conjugates in urine and showed that the mean levels of these ethanol markers in confirmed alcoholics were at least 20-fold higher than those levels in control subjects. In this study, we assessed the relationship of these biomarkers with self-reported levels of alcohol intake in a multiethnic sample of Los Angeles County residents who were male and over the age of 35 years (n = 128; 40 non-Hispanic whites, 46 blacks, 17 Chinese, and 25 Japanese). Regardless of race, the mean levels of free, bound, and total (free plus bound) ethanol were lowest in nondrinkers, intermediate in weekly drinkers, and highest in daily drinkers (P = 0.0001 in all three statistical tests of differences in the three biomarkers). Stepwise discriminant analysis showed that of the three potential biomarkers, total ethanol best discriminates between the three classes of drinkers (non, weekly, and daily), and that additional inclusion of either free or bound ethanol in the discriminant function had negligible effect. Overall, mean level of total ethanol was 2.2 times higher in weekly than in nondrinkers; daily drinkers, in turn, showed a 4.2-fold increase in mean total ethanol relative to weekly drinkers. However, there was no correlation between any of the three biomarkers and self-reported level (in grams of ethanol) of average consumption in either weekly or daily drinkers whose mean intake was about 13 and 42 g of ethanol/day, respectively. As the level of urinary free ethanol and ethanol conjugates showed extraordinary differences among racial groups for a given level of self-reported ethanol intake, the data suggest possible interracial differences in the in vivo elimination rate of ethanol; this latter finding needs to be confirmed in larger studies.
OBJECTIVE: To study the inter-relationships between daily alcohol intake, fat distribution and plasma androgens in order to verify whether daily alcohol intake correlates with abdominal body fat and, if so, to what extent such a relation is mediated by plasma androgens. SUBJECTS: A random sample of 87 clinically healthy women (aged 38 y) with a light-moderate alcohol consumption and without clinical evidence suggestive of any endocrine disorder. MEASUREMENTS: Anthropometric and computed tomography (CT scans made at the level of L4-L5 in a subgroup of 18 women) measurements of body fatness and adipose tissue distribution, main behavioural factors, including daily alcohol intake and plasma androgens (i.e. total and free testosterone levels). RESULTS: After adjustment for BMI, cigarette smoking and physical activity, significant differences were found in waist circumference and waist-hip ratio as well as in plasma androgens with increasing daily alcohol intake. Waist-thigh ratio tended to parallel waist-hip ratio, but did not achieve statistical significance. In simple linear regression analysis, abdominal visceral fat area, derived from CT, correlated positively with both plasma free testosterone and alcohol intake. While the above reported difference in body fat distribution totally disappeared after controlling also for free testosterone level, the differences in plasma androgens with increasing alcohol intake remained essentially unchanged when allowance was made also for waist-hip ratio. In multiple linear regression analysis, daily alcohol intake appeared to be positively and independently correlated to both plasma total and free testosterone levels. Neither BMI nor waist-hip ratio nor fasting insulin made any significant contribution to the prediction of plasma androgens after daily alcohol intake had been taken into account. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study show that moderate alcohol consumption correlates with abdominal distribution of body fat, likely due to enlarged visceral fat area, and increased plasma androgenicity (i.e. higher total and free testosterone levels) in adult healthy women. These data also suggest that the relation between alcohol intake and fat distribution may be, at least in part, mediated by plasma androgens. 
BACKGROUND: Previous studies have demonstrated a positive relationship between elevated blood lead (BPb) and blood pressure (BP), but few have additionally examined the role of dietary calcium. METHODS: The cross-sectional relationship between BPb and BP and the possible protective influence of increased dietary calcium on that relationship was examined among 798 male participants in the Normative Aging Study (NAS), a cohort of older men with relatively low BPb levels. RESULTS: The age range of these subjects was 43-93 years (mean = 66.1, SD = 7.4 years) and blood lead concentrations ranged form 0.5 to 35 mcg/dl (median = 5.6 mcg/dl). For the cohort overall, neither ln blood lead nor dietary calcium were significantly correlated with BP. In multivariate linear regression analyses that adjusted for age, body mass index, dietary calcium intake (adjusted for total calorie intake), alcohol intake, sitting heart rate, kilocalories/week expended in exercise, haematocrit, and smoking status, a unit increase in ln BPb predicted an increase on 1.2 mmHg diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (95% CI : 0.11, 2.2; P = 0.03). Adjusted calcium intake of 800 mg/day predicted a decrease of 3.2 mmHg systolic blood pressure (SBP) (95% CI : -5.6, -0.24, P = 0.03). There was no evidence of an interaction between dietary calcium intake and blood lead on BP. When the analyses were restricted to those men <=74 years old, a unit increase in ln BPb predicted an increase of 1.6 mmHg DBP (n = 681; 95% CI : 0.42, 2.7; P = 0.007). However, when men on antihypertensive medication (AHM) were excluded from the analyses, ln BPb was not significantly associated with increased DBP nor was adjusted calcium significantly associated with SBP. CONCLUSIONS: The study did support the hypothesis that increased BPb was associated with increased DBP in a cohort of older men with low blood lead, but there was no evidence of interaction between BPb and dietary calcium on BP. However, the relationship between increased BPb and DBP did not hold when those on anti-hypertensive medications were excluded. 
The utility of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) as biochemical markers of excessive alcohol consumption was studied in alcohol-dependent subjects. Serum samples were collected once weekly from 10 male out-patients undergoing a 6-month alcohol treatment programme. Frequency of relapse into drinking (defined as any intake of alcoholic beverage) was assessed by self-reports during patient interviews three times per week and by daily determination of the 5-hydroxytryptophol level in urine. A marked decrease in mean CDT and GGT values was observed during the initial month. Only one patient remained totally abstinent throughout the observation period, while four had sporadic relapses (2-5 days with alcohol consumption). Both CDT and GGT remained below the respective reference limits in those patients. The other five patients drank more frequently (range 22-57 days) and increased their mean levels of CDT and GGT after the initial decrease. As determined from the values at admission and during the course of the study, CDT appeared to be the most sensitive marker in six out of the 10 patients. In one patient, both markers were affected in a parallel way, whereas two of those with frequent relapses responded to alcohol consumption with a marked increase in GGT, but with no or only a slight increase in CDT. One patient did not show any abnormal CDT or GGT values. In 54 female and 60 male serum samples collected at random from patients during admission at an alcohol detoxification unit, 35% and 58% of the CDT values exceeded the reference limits for females and males, respectively. For GGT, 59% of the female and 67% of the male values were above cut-off. Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and GGT were not significantly correlated. Taken together, the present results indicate that measurement of both CDT and GGT will increase the possibility of identifying excessive alcohol consumption. By following changes in CDT and GGT values during a period of alcohol withdrawal, the most sensitive individual marker can be determined. This in turn allows for improved detection of relapse into heavy drinking during long-term monitoring of out-patients.
In vivo magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) was used to determine the relationship between serum and brain lithium levels in bipolar patients (n=25). Over the broad range of serum lithium levels observed, the correlation (r=.68) with brain lithium levels was high. This correlation was much weaker (r=.39) when limited to only those patients with serum lithium levels in the range of 0.6-1.0 mmol/l. This variability may account for failure of lithium prophylaxis in some patients who have serum lithium levels in the therapeutic range.
The reproducibility of echo-Doppler measurements of portal vein and superior mesenteric artery blood flow has not been extensively studied. In the present study, two groups of subjects were examined to test inter- and intra-observer reproducibility. Each study population consisted of 15 nonportal hypertensive and 15 portal hypertensive subjects. With a standardized technique, the crosssectional area and velocity of blood flow in the portal vein and superior mesenteric artery were recorded in triplicate by skilled operators. The flow volume of each vessel was calculated by multiplying the cross-sectional area by the velocity of blood flow. The measurements were performed in a blind fashion over a 60 min period. The reproducibility of measurements was assessed by calculation of intraclass correlation coefficients and coefficients of variation. The intra-observer intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.77 for portal vein blood flow and 0.84 for superior mesenteric artery blood flow, suggesting good reproducibility. The intra-observer coefficient of variation was 11 and 9%, respectively. In contrast, the interobserver intraclass correlation coefficient was calculated to be 0.49 for portal blood vein blood flow and 0.57 for superior mesenteric artery blood flow, indicating fair reproducibility. In addition, the interobserver coefficients of variation were calculated to be 20 and 18%, respectively. These data suggest that intra-observer reproducibility in echo-Doppler measurements of portal vein and superior mesenteric artery blood flow is acceptable but inter-observer reproducibility is not. Examination by a single operator, rather than multiple operators, is therefore advisable. Even when measurements are performed by a single investigator an approximate variance of 10% in the measurement in a single subject should be expected.
The relationship between dietary iron intake and blood lead levels in urban preschool children was investigated in a cross-sectional study of 299 children from 9 months to 5 years old. Mothers of children attending the University of Maryland Pediatric Ambulatory Clinic volunteered for the children and themselves to join the study. The data collected included nutritional status, socioeconomic status, medical history, and potential sources of lead exposure. Blood samples from all participants were evaluated for levels of blood lead, serum iron (ferritin), free erythrocyte protoporphyrin, calcium, and hematocrit. The average blood lead level (standard deviation) in the studied population was 11.4 (7.3) micrograms/dL. With multiple linear and logistic regression analyses to adjust for covariates, a negative association (P = 0.03) between blood lead and dietary iron intake was found. This finding is consistent with similar results from experimental studies. It is concluded that there is evidence that higher dietary iron intake is associated with lower blood lead among urban preschool children in the studied population.
The endogenous methanol concentration was determined in 72 men aged between 18 and 35 years in the morning after a 12-h period of fasting and abstinence from alcohol. The distribution curve was found to be skewed to the right, the concentrations ranging from '0' (below the detection threshold) to 3.4 mg/kg. The median was 0.1 mg/kg and the mean 0.35 mg/kg. Significant differences were found between three groups defined according to the duration of prior abstinence from alcohol (8 h, 30 h, and 5 days). The highest values were seen after the shortest period of abstinence and the lowest values after the longest period of abstinence. The course followed by the methanol concentration in the presence of blocking of methanol oxidation by orally or parenterally administered ethanol was observed over at least 10 h on two separate occasions in a further 8 subjects aged between 24 and 35 years. At blood ethanol concentrations of more than 0.20 g/kg, the rate of production of methanol, calculated by regression, ranged from 0.09-0.37 mg/kg/h (r = 0.970-0.554, S(y.x) = 0.227-0.565 mg/kg). The rise in methanol concentration at the start of ethanol administration was significantly more rapid than the subsequent rise. It is hypothesised that there may be a so-called deep compartment for methanol that would explain the dependence of the endogenous methanol level on the duration of the preceding period of abstinence from ethanol, and the occurrence of an initial phase of faster rise in methanol concentration associated with the administration of ethanol.
BACKGROUND: In utero exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls, a ubiquitous environmental contaminant, has been linked to adverse effects on neurologic and intellectual function in infants and young children. We assessed whether these effects persist through school age and examined their importance in the acquisition of reading and arithmetic skills. METHODS: We tested 212 children, recruited as newborns to overrepresent infants born to women who had eaten Lake Michigan fish contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls. A battery of IQ and achievement tests was administered when the children were 11 years of age. Concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal serum and milk at delivery were slightly higher than in the general population. A composite measure of prenatal exposure was derived from concentrations in umbilical-cord serum and maternal serum and milk. RESULTS: Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls was associated with lower full-scale and verbal IQ scores after control for potential confounding variables such as socioeconomic status (P = 0.02). The strongest effects related to memory and attention. The most highly exposed children were three times as likely to have low average IQ scores (P <0.001) and twice as likely to be at least two years behind in reading comprehension (P = 0.03). Although larger quantities of polychlorinated biphenyls are transferred by breast-feeding than in utero, there were deficits only in associated with transplacental exposure, suggesting that the developing fetal brain is particularly sensitive to these compounds. CONCLUSIONS: In utero exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in concentrations slightly higher than those in the general population can have a long-term impact on intellectual function. 
OBJECTIVES: We examined cross-sectional relationships among depressive symptoms, anxiety, alcohol intake, and blood pressure. Test hypotheses were that: (1) alcohol intake, depressive symptoms, and anxiety would be positively related to blood pressure; (2) depressive symptoms and anxiety would have a stronger association with alcohol intake in Blacks than in Whites; and (3) adjustment for differences in depressive symptoms, anxiety, and alcohol intake would reduce Black-White blood pressure differences. METHODS: Study hypotheses were tested in a sample of 4,352 Black and White adults, participating in the CARDIA study. Hypotheses were tested using multiple linear regression. RESULTS: Alcohol intake was positively related to systolic (p = 0.0001) and diastolic (p = 0.0004) blood pressure in men, but not in women. Depressive symptoms and anxiety were unrelated to blood pressure. The relationship between alcohol intake and depressive symptoms differed by race/ethnicity in men (p = 0.0719) and in women (p = 0.0002). Alcohol intake increased with increasing levels of depressive symptoms, but the increase was greater in Blacks than in Whites. After accounting for alcohol intake, body mass index, and other variables, Black-White blood pressure differences were reduced in men, but not in women; most of the reduction was caused by body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: Blacks may respond differently than Whites to psychological distress. 
OBJECTIVE: Long-term (13 weeks) and circadian (24 hours) intraindividual variability in red blood cell (RBC) thiopurine methyltransferase (TPMT) activity in healthy subjects was studied. METHODS: RBC TPMT activity was measured radiochemically. RESULTS: The variability in RBC TPMT activity was low and was only slightly higher than the imprecision of he TPMT assay. Mean long-term intraindividual variability in RBC TPMT activity was 6.5% (CV) (n = 46). Mean intraindividual circadian variability in RBC TPMT activity was 6.4% (CV) (n = 18). CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to what has been observed in children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, the intraindividual variability in RBC TPMT activity in healthy subjects was low. The reported changes in baseline RBC TPMT activity in patients are probably therefore due to drugs, disease, assay variation or other, unidentified factors. 
OBJECTIVE: The time required to reach steady-state plasma levels after an increase and a subsequent decrease in the dose of nefazodone, an antidepressant drug with nonlinear pharmacokinetics, was assessed in 24 healthy, male volunteers. METHODS: Each subject was administered 100 mg nefazodone hydrochloride b.i.d. (q 12 h) from study day 1 to 7, 200 mg b.i.d. from study day 8 to 14 and 100 mg b.i.d. from study day 15 to 21. Trough (Cmin blood samples were obtained just prior to the morning dose on days 4-7, 11-14 and 16-21 to evaluate the attainment of steady state. Serial blood samples were collected for 12 h after the morning dose on days 7, 14, 16, 18 and 21 for pharmacokinetic analysis of plasma levels of nefazodone (NEF) and its metabolites, hydroxynefazodone (HO-NEF), m-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP) and triazoledione (DIONE), which were determined by validated HPLC/UV assay methods. The Cmin results indicated that when nefazodone was administered at a dose of 100 mg b.i.d., steady-state plasma levels of parent compound and its metabolites were attained by the 4th day (i.e., after six doses) and when the dose was increased from 100 mg b.i.d. to 200 mg b.i.d. and then decreased back to 100 mg b.i.d., new steady-state plasma levels were also reached by the beginning of the 3rd or 4th day of each regimen. Consistent with the attainment of steady-state data, there were no statistically significant differences in Cmax or AUC values for nefazodone or its metabolites between study days 7, 18 and 21. Also consistent with the known nonlinear pharmacokinetics of nefazodone, the mean nefazodone steady-state Cmax and AUC values for the 200-mg dose were three fold and four fold greater, respectively, than those at the 100-mg dose level. Intrasubject variability (% cv) for NEF and its metabolites ranged from 13% to 24% for Cmax and AUC after 100 mg b.i.d.. Intersubject variability was considerably greater and ranged from 29% to 131% for Cmax and AUC after the same dose. 
Sex differences in macular pigment (MP) optical density (measured psychophysically) were examined. Concentrations of lutein and zeaxanthin (L and Z) (non-separated) and beta-carotene (BC) in the blood were determined using reverse phase high-performance liquid chromatography. Dietary intake of L and Z, BC, fat, and iron were estimated by questionnaire. Males had 38% higher MP density than females (P < 0.001) despite similar plasma carotenoid concentrations and similar dietary intake (except for fat). Dietary intake of carotenoids, fat and iron, as well as plasma concentrations of L and Z were positively related to MP density in males. Conversely, only plasma L and Z was related to MP density for females, and dietary fat was negatively related to MP density. Sex differences in protection of the retina by MP and in the relationship between the retina, blood and diet could be a factor in the incidence of retinal diseases, especially age-related macular degeneration.
Itraconazole is a new oral triazole antifungal agent that is effective against a wide range of fungal pathogens, including Aspergillus species. There has been a considerable increase in recent years in its use in prophylaxis of aspergillosis in neutropenic patients. A total of 74 trough concentrations of itraconazole+active metabolite were retrospectively analysed at steady state in 16 patients admitted to hospital for acute myeloid leukaemia (12) or malignant lymphoma (4). The minimum therapeutic concentration (itraconazole+hydroxyitraconazole = 1000 ng/ml) was never reached in 31 per cent of patients (5/16) and a constant efficient plasma concentration was obtained in only 19 per cent (3/16) with a daily regimen of 400-600 mg. The plasma levels of patients at the same daily dose differed up to 15-fold. This study confirms the pronounced inter-patient variability of unchanged itraconazole concentrations previously found in volunteers and patients. The plasma levels in six patients during successive chemotherapy treatments also varied greatly. Intra-individual differences were more accurately examined in six patients given 600 mg itraconazole/day during their first chemotherapy treatment. The trough plasma concentrations on day 15 and day 25 varied from -53 to +245 per cent. These results indicate that the plasma itraconazole concentration of neutropenic patients must be monitored to ensure that each individual is given a clinically effective dose.
In any immunoassay experiment for the detection of molecular biomarkers, a nonlinear calibration curve is constructed to relate fixed biomarker concentrations to observed tracer levels. The biomarker concentration in an experimental sample can then be estimated by projecting the experimental tracer measurements through the inverse of the calibration curve. Once an estimate of the biomarker level has been calculated, it is often of interest to determine its variability. Typically, methods for estimating this variability assume that the biomarker variability is due solely to the uncertainty in the estimation of the calibration curve. A more complete analysis would combine this uncertainty with the variability in the processing and measurements of the sample, including, e.g., measurement error of laboratory procedures or variation in enzymatic activity in enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays or radioactivity counts in RIAs. In this paper, we present a method of estimating the variability of inverse estimates assuming there is variation arising from both the determination of the calibration curve and from the preparation and measurement of the experimental sample. Our method uses a resampling algorithm that avoids requiring many distributional assumptions present in alternative procedures, can be easily implemented, and is generalizable to any immunoassay procedure. Methods for incorporating our results in the estimation of variability for planning and analyzing biomarker experiments are discussed. We provide an example using RIA data for aflatoxin B1 detection. These biomarkers for aflatoxin exposure are used in the analysis of serum aflatoxin adduct levels in human and experimental samples, and they are important in hepatocellular carcinoma research.
To assess daily rhythms of salt appetite, we measured spontaneous 300 mM NaCl intake of male Sprague-Dawley rats fed a diet containing 150 or 25 mmol Ca2+/kg. Both groups drank most NaCl at night, but, as the dark period progressed, intakes of controls remained constant or diminished, whereas intakes of rats fed low-Ca2+ diet increased. During the late dark period, when the difference in NaCl intake between the two dietary groups was greatest, rats fed a low-Ca2+ diet lost more corticosterone and sodium in urine, had lower plasma osmolarity, and had higher plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and corticosterone concentrations than did controls. Over the 24-h cycle, rats fed the low-Ca2+ diet excreted less Ca2+ and more corticosterone in urine than did controls. They also had consistently lower plasma concentrations of Ca2+ and renin activity and consistently higher plasma phosphorus, arginine vasopressin, parathyroid hormone, thyroxine, calcitonin, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3. These findings support the hypothesis that salt appetite induced by dietary Ca2+ deficiency involves a subtle dysfunction of the ACTH-corticosterone axis, but they also raise several other possibilities.
The correlations between the mean of 4 d weighed intakes of lutein, lycopene and beta-carotene and mean plasma concentrations during each of the four seasons were lutein r 0.64, lycopene r 0.47 and beta-carotene r 0.45. Intake was not significantly correlated with plasma concentrations during every seasonal time-point. There was a significantly higher intake of lutein during the spring compared with summer and autumn, lycopene intake was significantly higher during the summer and autumn and there were no significant seasonal differences in beta-carotene intake. There were, however, significant seasonal differences in plasma carotenoid concentrations, the highest levels occurring between May and October. There were large inter- and intra-individual variations in intake and plasma concentrations of carotenoids. BMI was inversely correlated with plasma beta-carotene (r-0.41). The findings suggest that plasma carotenoid concentrations are indicative of dietary intake, but the large intra-individual variation in plasma concentrations indicates that any assessment of longer-term status from data at any one time-point should be treated with caution.
Consumption of fish and shellfish from contaminated areas may be an important source of human exposure to persistent organohalogen compounds such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). We determined concentrations of 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDDs and PCDFs and 19 PCB congeners in whole blood samples from three groups of men, 40-54 years of age, with different consumption levels of crabs from a fjord area in southern Norway polluted with organochlorine compounds from a magnesium production plant. A significant increase of many PCDD/PCDF congeners was found in the blood when comparing the referents, moderate-, and high-intake groups. The greatest difference was observed for several of the PCDFs that are characteristic for the contamination of the marine biota of the fjord. PCBs, in general, play a minor role in the contamination of the fjord by the magnesium production process, except for the highly chlorinated congeners such as PCB-209. Nevertheless, almost all PCBs increased from the referents to the high-intake group. However, the relative concentrations of several highly chlorinated PCBs (particularly PCB-209) in blood are unexpectedly low compared to their abundance in crabs, indicating low uptake of these congeners. The exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs from crab consumption calculated from individual body burdens of these compounds were in good agreement with the intake estimated from previously measured concentrations in crabs, reported fishing sites, and consumption. Almost all subjects in the high-intake group exceeded the tolerable weekly intake of 35 pg TEQ/kg body weight/week proposed by a Nordic Expert Group.
We investigated %CDT (carbohydrate-deficient transferrin) in 92 ethanol-intoxicated alcohol-dependent patients after consecutive admission to hospital and followed the for 28 days under controlled conditions. At admission, 63% (58 patients) showed elevated CDT (> 2.5%) and 34 patients (37%) had normal CDT levels (< 2.5%). No correlation of the %CDT values to alcohol-related disabilities, severity of the withdrawal syndrome, alcohol-drinking pattern before admission, or several other factors was found. The sensitivity of GGT (gamma-glutamyl transferase) was 58% for the same group of patients. Levels of %CDT decreased during the 28 days following abstinence, whereby we could separate four statistically different groups of "CDT decrease'. In two of these groups, comprising most of the cases studied, normal %CDT levels were reached after 14 days of abstinence. Those patients with %CDT levels exceeding the upper normal level after 14 days of sobriety, showed a decrease during the following 14 days to levels of 2.55-2.61%.
All four possible trihalomethanes (THMs) containing bromine and chlorine, as well as perchloroethylene (PCE), were evaluated for their ability to produce DNA strand breaks, alpha 2u-globulin rich renal deposits, and testosterone changes in male F-344 rats. Rats received daily equimolar doses (0.75 or 1.5 mmol/kg) of THMs or PCE (1000 mg/kg) in 4% Emulphor vehicle by oral gavage for 7 days. No significant DNA strand breaks were produced by any THM or PCE treatment. PCE treatment produced increased hyaline droplet formation in renal tubules. However, all THM treatments reduced or eliminated the appearance of renal hyaline droplets. All four THM treatments also produced a decrease in serum testosterone concentrations on day 7, which might account for decreased hyaline droplet formation. No significant increase in cell proliferation, measured by [3H]thymidine incorporation in vivo, appeared in this 1-week study.
The purpose of this study was to examine socio-economic conditions, demographic factors, use of vitamin A capsules and dietary practices in relation to the risk of low serum vitamin A. One hundred and twenty four night blind cases were identified by parents in a cross-sectional survey in Bangladesh in 1992. Age-, sex- and neighbourhood-matched controls were selected. Venous blood was collected from 87 cases and 97 controls for the determination of serum vitamin A. Information about socio-economic conditions, demographic factors, use of vitamin A capsules and dietary practices was obtained by interview. The level of serum vitamin A was strongly related to age and consumption of beta-carotene rich foods. The preschool years (2-6 years) are important risk periods for vitamin A deficiency among children. We conclude that long-term prevention of vitamin A deficiency should rely on efforts to improve local diet.
The overexpression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) has been shown to be involved in the pathogenesis of various necroinflammatory diseases, including alcoholic hepatitis. Shedding of this molecule from cell surfaces results in a circulating form, soluble ICAM-1 (sICAM-1). In this work, the serum and ascitic concentrations of sICAM-1 were studied in relation to clinical and laboratory data in patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis of different disease activities. Elevated circulating concentrations of this adhesion molecule were found in all cirrhotic patients, the highest in those with superimposed severe alcoholic hepatitis, and the levels in regularly drinking cirrhotics without severe alcoholic hepatitis were likewise significantly higher than in those who had stopped drinking. The serum sICAM-1 concentration was best related to the serum AST activity, and also exhibited significant correlations with the prothrombin activity, serum bilirubin, albumin, peripheral leukocyte count. Maddrey's discriminant function value, Child grading, and antecedent alcohol consumption. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that the serum AST and prothrombin activities were independent predictors of the circulating sICAM-1 concentration. The concentration of sICAM-1 in the uninfected ascitic fluid of cirrthotics was about seven times lower than that in the serum; the ratio of its ascitic and serum levels was lower than that of the ascitic and serum total protein concentrations. These data contradict a significant intraperitoneal production of the molecule. It is concluded that the serum sICAM-1 level may be useful as a marker for the current disease activity (the severity of underlying acute necroinflammatory reactions) in alcoholic liver cirrhosis.
Little is known regarding the relationship of serum fatty acids to cardiovascular risk factors in Nigerian populations. Civil servants with higher socioeconomic status (SES) in Nigeria appear to be in cultural transition toward a more Westernized lifestyle. For this study the food intakes of 397 civil servants were estimated from two 24-h recalls. Fatty acids in serum total lipids were measured in both absolute weight concentration and percentage composition. Daily meat intake was 43.5 g, and fish intake was 70.5 g. The intakes of meat, eggs, and milk were higher in high SES Nigerians than in low SES Nigerians. The concentration of total fatty acids (TFA, the sum of 12 serum fatty acids) was also higher in high SES men and women, as compared with low SES men and women (2064, 2060, 1831, and 1776 mg/L, respectively). There were significant direct associations between meat intake and serum level of arachidonic acid, and between fish intake and serum levels of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. TFA was positively associated with cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc), and triglycerides across gender and SES groups after adjustment for body mass index, fasting insulin level, and age. Nigerian women were compared with two groups of American women. We concluded that fatty acids in absolute weight concentration reflected the amount of fat intake. The level of TFA was directly related to cardiovascular risk factors in Nigerians. Follow-up of such populations in cultural transition can facilitate the understanding of the true roles of animal food intake in the early evolution of atherosclerosis.
BACKGROUND/AIM: Quantitative measurement of hepatic iron by biochemical analysis of liver biopsy samples is required to assess hepatic iron stores accurately. Cirrhotic livers, however, contain variable amounts of fibrous tissue and the distribution of iron within the hepatic parenchyma is not always uniform. The aim of this study was to assess the variability in hepatic iron concentration measurement from needle-biopsy specimens. METHODS: The livers from eight patients with cirrhosis selected because of elevated serum ferritin were obtained at the time of liver transplantation (n = 6) or at autopsy (n = 2). Multiple needle biopsies were done, and hepatic iron concentration was measured by atomic absorption spectroscopy. The hepatic iron index was calculated as iron concentration divided by age. RESULTS: Four cases had a mean hepatic iron index above 2.0, in the range of that reported in patients with homozygous genetic hemochromatosis, whereas the other four had an hepatic iron index of less than 2.0. The intra-individual coefficient of variation for hepatic iron concentration ranged from 11.3 to 43.7%, averaging 24.9%. The coefficient of variation was smaller in biopsy samples > 4 mg dry weight than in samples < 4 mg (19.8% vs 28.6%, p < 0.05). Histological examination of surgical biopsies from these livers showed large amounts of fibrous tissue, and inhomogeneous distribution or iron in the hepatic parenchyma. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates an important variability in the measurement of hepatic iron content from needle biopsy specimens in patients with severe cirrhosis. 
The between-day repeatability of simultaneous measures of brachial artery diameter (D) (echo Doppler) and mean blood velocity (MBV) (pulsed Doppler) was tested during rest and exercise. On 3 separate days, six volunteers performed one trial of 1-min rest followed by a step increase in dynamic handgrip exercise for 4 min which required the lifting and lowering of a 4.4-kg weight (approximately 8-12% MVC) in a 1s/2s (work/rest) cadence. Measures for MBV and D were collected continuously on a beat-by-beat basis during the transition from rest to end exercise. The mean rest values over one min, and single data points at 30, 60, 120, and 240 s of exercise were extracted from the time series data. At all exercise time points, MBV was greater than rest (P < 0.05), but these levels were not different across test days. Arterial D at all exercise time points ranged from 3.8 +/- 0.1 mm to 4.1 +/- 0.1 mm (mean +/- SEM) and did not differ from rest (3.9 +/- 0.1 mm) (P > 0.05), nor did D differ between days. The mean between-day coefficient of variation for D was 4.08 +/- 0.7% at rest and ranged from 2.90 +/- 0.4% to 3.96 +/- 0.5% during exercise. The coefficient of variation for MBV was 13.2 +/- 2.6% at rest and reached 20.2 +/- 3.1% during the final min of exercise; the exercise variability was reduced to 14.9 +/- 2.4% by averaging MBV over 3 s (the duration of a contraction/relaxation duty cycle) (P < 0.05) with no further advantage of averaging over ten 60-s sample periods. The data indicate that, for the six subjects tested, Doppler ultrasound measures of arterial MBV and diameter during both rest and exercise were reproducible across different test days and can be used as a reliable, noninvasive means of testing hypotheses pertaining to blood flow control.
We have reported that di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) caused the depletion of circulating iron, characterized by the release of iron from both haemoglobin (Hb) and transferrin (Tf). The present study investigated whether the erythrocytes from DBP-treated rats were destroyed by nonparenchymal liver cells (NPC, including Kupffer cells) or spleen cells (SC). In the in vivo study, there were observed depletions of Hb in the blood and of iron in the hepatic Tf fraction, as well as an accumulation of iron in the hepatic hemosiderin (Hs) and splenic Tf fractions. In the in vitro study, mono-butyl phthalate (MBP), a metabolite of DBP, caused a depletion of iron in the plasma Tf, although a direct release of iron from Tf was not detectable. When erythrocytes from DBP-treated rats and erythrocytes preincubated with MBP both were incubated with NPC, respectively, the Hb was decomposed and the iron also accumulated in the cell debris. However, when the two kinds of erythrocytes were incubated with SC, respectively, no decomposition of Hb was observed at low and medium doses, but the highest dose induced an accumulation of iron to Tf. Therefore, the NPC may contribute in part to the decomposition of DBP- or MBP-affected erythrocytes.
In a double-blind placebo-controlled parallel study, we assessed basal and post-therapeutic sympathetic activity both in supine and standing positions in mildly to moderately hypertensive patients by two different methods: frequency domain indices of heart rate variability (HRV) and plasma levels of both noradrenaline (NA) and its metabolite, 3,4-dihydroxyphenylglycol (DOPEG). Patients were evaluated on placebo and after 8 weeks of treatment with either cilazapril, 2.5-5 mg/day (13 patients) or atenolol, 50-100 mg/day (14 patients). Twenty-four-hour blood pressure was similarly reduced (p < 0.01) by both cilazapril and atenolol. Heart rate decreased with atenolol by 14 beats per min (p < 0.001) but did not change with cilazapril. When compared to the placebo, cilazapril did not modify sympathetic activity indices of HRV but did significantly reduce NA and DOPEG levels in both the supine and standing (p < 0.05) positions. As expected, atenolol reduced (p < 0.05) sympathetic activity indices of HRV but did not modify NA levels in either position. Moreover, while on placebo, patients showed no significant correlations between values of NA or DOPEG, nor in any of the HRV indices. We conclude that: (1) the antihypertensive effects of cilazapril and atenolol are similar, but in these patients, sympathetic activity indices showed divergent results both before and after therapy; (2) this may be due to different aspects of sympathetic activators, assessed independently by different methods, and (3) these discrepancies must be taken into account when evaluating autonomous nervous system parameters.
Suggestions that carotenoid-containing foods are beneficial in maintaining health have led to several studies of circulating carotenoid concentrations of adults. Because few data are available for children, we report serum carotenoid concentrations of 493 children in Belize. Carotenoid concentrations were determined as part of a survey of vitamin A status of children, most between 65 and 89 mo of age. Reproducibility was tested by collecting a second blood sample 2 wk after the first collection from a subset of children (n = 23) who consumed their habitual diet with no treatment during the interim. Predominant serum carotenoids were lutein/zeaxanthin and beta-carotene, which accounted for 26% and 24% of median total carotenoids, respectively. The three provitamin A carotenoids, alpha- and beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin, constituted 51% of median total carotenoid concentrations. Partial correlations of each carotenoid with fasting retinol concentration indicated that beta-carotene had the highest correlation. Concordance correlation coefficients (rc) for fasting carotenoid concentrations determined 2 wk apart were > or = 0.89 for lycopene, beta-cryptoxanthin, and alpha- and beta-carotene. The rc for lutein/zeaxanthin and total carotenoids was lower, 0.59 and 0.68, respectively, because of higher lutein/zeaxanthin concentrations at the second sampling than at the first. The reproducibility of the concentrations suggests both that individuals have characteristic profiles and that serum carotenoid concentrations can be measured randomly over > or = 2 wk without significant bias.
The components of biological variation in serum vitamin E in relation to serum cholesterol, triglycerides, high- and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C, LDL-C), apolipoprotein A-I (apo A-I), and apo B were examined in 26 healthy volunteers who had monthly blood samplings during one calendar year. The estimated CVs for vitamin E were: interindividual, 19.9%, and intraindividual, 11.9%; the index of individuality (I-index) was 0.59. The I-indices for all lipid variables were < 0.51. Serum concentrations of vitamin E, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL-C, LDL-C, and apo B were lower in spring than in the other seasons. The peak-trough differences in the yearly variations, expressed as a percentage of the mean, were for vitamin E 14.5%, cholesterol 16.2%, triglycerides 14.5%, and LDL-C 24.3%. A significant common annual rhythm was expressed in vitamin E or lipid variables and in the changes in ambient temperature the weeks before blood sampling (inverse relations). There were highly significant positive time relations between serum vitamin E and cholesterol, triglycerides, and apo B. Subjects with higher homeostatic setpoints of cholesterol showed higher homeostatic setpoints of vitamin E, triglycerides, LDL-C, and apo B.
1. In order to study the potential beneficial effects of a vegan diet, a cross-sectional study was performed and several biomarkers of chemoprevention were measured in a population of female 'living food' eaters ('vegans'; n = 20) vs matched omnivorous controls (n = 20). 2. White blood cells obtained from fresh blood samples were subjected to the single-cell gel-electrophoresis assay. There was no statistically significant difference between the vegans and controls in the parameters 'tail length' and 'tail moment'. However, the 'tail moment' was significantly lower in a subset of the vegans (i.e.in those who did not use any vitamin and/or mineral supplements). 3. Fresh blood samples were exposed in vitro to the mutagen mitomycin C just prior to culturing. After culturing the number of binucleated lymphocytes with micronuclei was scored. There was no difference between the controls and vegans in the incidence of baseline micronuclei, nor in the number of mitomycin C-induced micronuclei. However, a significant correlation (r = -0.64, P < 0.01) between the number of mitomycin C-induced micronuclei and the activity of erythrocyte superoxide dismutase was found in the vegans. The number of baseline micronuclei increased with age in both groups. These findings may be of biological relevance. 4. The content of glutathione-S-transferase-alpha in plasma was not different between the vegans (n = 12) and controls (n = 12). 5. The present data indicate a few differences in biomarkers of chemopreventive potential in strict vegans vs matched omnivorous controls. The significance of these changes as biologically relevant indicators of beneficial effects of vegan diets in humans needs to be determined in studies with a larger number of subjects.
Exposure to PAH in foundry workers has been studied by urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (HPU) levels, quantitatively measured by reversed phase HPLC. Seventy male foundry workers and 68 matched controls were investigated. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure was defined by 17 breathing zone hygienic samples, consisting of 16 selected PAH compounds. Mean total PAH concentration (SD) was 10.40 (4.04) mu g/m3. A multiple regression model of tobacco consumption, age, airborne PAH-exposure and foundry work on log HPU showed a significant correlation, p < 0.001, r2 = 0.69. Only foundry work (p < 0.0001) and airborne PAH exposure (p = 0.0478) contributed significantly to the model. These data suggest that HPU is a sensitive biomarker for low-dose PAH exposure.
Blood-fat concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) congeners: no. 105, 118, 156 (mono-ortho-substituted) and no. 77, 126, 169 (non-ortho-substituted) and PCB congeners no. 28, 52, 101, 138, 153 and 180 were measured. The investigations were carried out in pooled samples from children and in individual samples from adults. Additionally polychloro-p-dibenzodioxins and -furans (PCDD/PCDF) were investigated.
The ratio of blood-alcohol concentration (BAC) to breath-alcohol concentration (BrAC) was determined for 799 individuals apprehended for driving under the influence of alcohol (DUI) in Sweden. The BrAC was determined with an infrared analyzer (Intoxilyzer 5000S) and venous BAC was measured by headspace gas chromatography. The blood samples were always taken after the breath tests were made and the average time delay was 30 +/- 12 min (+/- SD), spanning from 6 to 60 min. The blood/breath ratios of alcohol decreased as the time between sampling blood and breath increased (F = 15.4, p < 0.001), being 2337 +/- 183 (6 to 15 min), 2302 +/- 202 (16 to 30 min), 2226 +/- 229 (31 to 45 min), and 2170 +/- 225 (46 to 60 min). When the BAC was corrected for the metabolism of alcohol at a rate of 0.019 g%/h, the mean blood/breath ratios were 2395 +/- 193 (6 to 15 min), 2416 +/- 211 (16 to 30 min), 2406 +/- 223 (31 to 45 min), and 2407 +/- 210 (45 to 60 min); no significant differences (F = 0.197, p > 0.05). The overall mean time-adjusted blood/breath ratio (+/- SD) was 2407 +/- 213 and the 95% limits of agreement (LOA) were 1981 and 2833. During 1992, 1993, and 1994, the mean blood/breath ratios of alcohol were remarkably constant, being 2409 +/- 288, 2407 +/- 206, and 2421 +/- 235, respectively, and the values were not significantly influenced by the person's age, gender, or blood-alcohol content. In 34 individuals (4.3%), the blood/breath ratio was less than 2100 after compensating for metabolism of alcohol between the times of sampling blood and breath. This compares with 156 individuals (19.6%) having a blood/breath ratio less than 2100:1 without making any correction for the metabolism of alcohol.
The levels of PCDD/F in blood fat are similar to those in body fat and in milk fat of lactating women. Therefore, the levels of PCDD/F in blood fat can be used as an index of the individual PCDD/F body burden in humans. In order to evaluate the PCDD/F background exposure levels of the German population, blood samples collected from 95 subjects (age 12-82 years) living in a rural area of North-West Germany were analysed for PCDD/F. The median 2,3,7,8-TCDD toxicity equivalents (TE) were 40.8 pg I-TE/g blood fat and the 95th percentile was 82.1 pg I-TE/g blood fat. The TE levels in blood fat show a marked increase with age, which reflects the pronounced accumulation of PCDD/F in the human body throughout the entire lifetime. Considering single congeners, significant differences in the age-related increase were noted. Using age-specific reference values derived from this study the levels of PCDD/F in blood fat of individuals environmentally exposed to PCDD/F under different circumstances were evaluated.
Animal studies have suggested that omega-6 fatty acids found in vegetable oils may promote prostate cancer. Our goal was to use erythrocyte membrane and adipose tissue fatty acid composition as biomarkers to investigate whether essential fatty acids modulated prostate cancer risk. An outpatient clinic-based study of 89 cases and 38 controls was conducted in North Carolina between July 1989 and December 1991. Cases were recruited from a university-based urology outpatient clinic. Eligible cases were more than 45 years of age and had histological confirmation of a prostate cancer diagnosis within 1 year of entry into the study. Controls were histologically confirmed free of prostate cancer. Erythrocyte membranes from venous blood and adipose tissue fatty acids from s.c. fat samples were analyzed in batches using capillary gas chromatography. Unconditional logistic regression analysis was used to calculate odds ratios for the association of each fatty acid with prostate cancer while controlling for potential confounders. Linoleic acid consumption was positively associated with prostate cancer risk. The odds ratios comparing the first and fourth quartiles of linoleic acid consumption were 3.54 (95% confidence interval, 1.0-12.53) with P trend < 0.04 for erythrocyte membranes, and 2.47 (95% confidence interval, 0.66-9.26) with P trend < 0.08 for adipose tissue. These data suggest that linoleic acid consumption may increase prostate cancer risk, which is consistent with results from animal experiments. Linoleic acid is found in vegetable oils used in cooking and in cereals, snack foods, and baked goods. Our data failed to demonstrate consistently a protective effect of marine omega-3 fatty acids on prostate cancer.
The laboratory reliability and validity of sex hormone measurements were examined at multiple levels, including lower levels characteristic of children and postmenopausal women. Serum was drawn from four adult male and four adult female healthy volunteers. From each individual's serum pool, a medium- and a low-dilution pool were created. Biochemical analyses for total and non-sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG)-bound estradiol, estrone, estrone sulfate, progesterone, and SHBG were performed on female samples. Male samples were analyzed for total and non-SHBG-bound testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, androstenedione, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. Two aliquots from each pool were assayed twice in each of two labs. All assays except SHBG in one lab used RIA procedures. Reliability was assessed by variance components analyses and estimated coefficients of variation (CVs). Validity was assessed by comparing observed measurements versus expected values based on known dilution ratios. For the testosterone and dihydrotestosterone assays, CVs were usually less than 10%. For estradiol and progesterone, CVs were usually less than 15%. Assays with larger estimated CVs included androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, estrone, and estrone sulfate. Absolute levels differed markedly between labs for most assays. Observed measurements generally agreed with values expected from the dilution ratios. A notable exception was the estrone assay at the lowest dilution level, where observed measurements were 2-4 times those expected. A similar but less pronounced overestimation bias for the low levels of estradiol was also suggested. This intra- and interlaboratory variability and apparent low dilution overestimation should be accounted for in studies relating hormones to cancer risk, especially those involving children and postmenopausal women.
The purpose of this study was to determine whether lower chlorinated biphenyls would be bioactivated to electrophilic metabolites by microsomes alone or in combination with peroxidase. Monochloro- and dichlorobiphenyls were incubated with liver microsomes of rats treated with phenobarbital and beta-naphthoflavone, an NADPH-regenerating system, and deoxyguanosine 3'-monophosphate (dGp). The resultant adducts were analyzed by 32P-postlabeling either following microsomal incubation alone ("preoxidized") or coupled with subsequent oxidation with horseradish peroxidase/H2O ("oxidized"). The incubation of 4-monochlorobiphenyl (4-MCB) resulted in the formation of two minor adducts by microsomal activation alone. However, the oxidized sample showed two additional major adducts. Formation of the latter adducts was almost completely (> 80%) inhibited when the oxidation reaction was performed in the presence of ascorbic acid. The other test mono- and dichlorobiphenyls also formed 1-3 major adducts. Compared with microsomal activation alone, these adducts were enhanced after the oxidation reaction or detected only in the oxidized samples. These data suggest that (1) some adducts of the lower chlorinated biphenyls are derived from arene oxides and (2) many adducts may be formed by metabolism of the parent compounds to catechol and p-hydroquinone species, which are oxidized to semiquinones and/or quinones. The involvement of quinones and/or semiquinones was supported by UV/vis spectroscopic measurements, which showed that metabolites of 4-MCB can be oxidized to products with spectra characteristic of quinones. These data raise the possibility that lower chlorinated biphenyls may be genotoxic and may explain the fact that commercial polychlorinated biphenyl mixtures are complete rodent carcinogens.
OBJECTIVES: To describe the distribution of serum lipids and examine the relationship between serum lipids and dietary and non-dietary factors. DESIGN: A randomised survey. SETTING: The survey was carried out in Tianjin, China. SUBJECTS: Altogether 680 subjects were screened. Forty-nine of those were excluded but 314 men and 317 women remained. INTERVENTION: The serum lipids were measured by enzymatic methods. The diet was assessed by food weighing plus consecutive individual 3-day food records. RESULTS: The mean cholesterol concentrations were 4.08 and 3.94 mmol/l in men and women respectively. The mean high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels were 1.24 and 1.35 mmol/l, and the mean triglyceride levels were 1.48 and 1.20 mmol/l. The energy intake derived from fat was approximately 29% (6.9% from saturated fat) and the polyunsaturates:saturates ratio of the diet was 1.3 in both sexes. Multiple regression analyses showed that no association was discovered between serum lipids and dietary variables. Age and body mass index (BMI) were strong and independent predictors of serum lipids in both sexes. BMI was positively related to serum total cholesterol, triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and inversely related to HDL-C. Education was a predictor only in men. Men with a higher education had more coronary heart disease risk factors than men with lower education attainment. CONCLUSION: The Chinese have favourable serum lipid profiles and dietary fat pattern. No relationship was found between lipids and dietary variables, which warrants further studies because these relationships have not been investigated previously in any Chinese population. 
Lung cancer caused by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), nitro-PAHs and related environmental agents is a major problem in industrialized nations. The high case-fatality rate of the disease, even with the best supportive treatment, underscores the importance of primary lung cancer prevention. Development of biomarkers of exposure and effects to PAHs and related compounds is now underway and includes measurement of urinary metabolites of specific PAHs as well as detection of protein and DNA adducts as indicators of effective dose. Validation of these markers in terms of total environmental dose requires that concurrent measures of air levels and potential dermal exposure be made. In addition, the interrelationships between PAH biomarkers must be determined, particularly when levels of the marker in surrogate molecules (e.g., protein) or markers from surrogate tissues (e.g., lymphocyte DNA) are used to assess the risk to the target organ, the lung. Two approaches to biomarker studies will be reviewed in this article: the progress made using blood lymphocytes as surrogates for lung tissues and the progress made developing noninvasive markers of carcinogen-DNA adduct levels in lung-derived cells available in bronchial-alveolar lavage and in sputum. Data are presented from studies in which exfoliated urothelial cells were used as a surrogate tissue to assess exposure to human urinary bladder carcinogens in occupational groups.
Humans are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from various occupational, environmental, medicinal, and dietary sources. PAH metabolites in human urine can be used as biomarkers of internal dose to assess recent exposure to PAHs. PAH metabolites that have been detected in human urine include 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), 1-hydroxypyrene-O-glucuronide (1-OHP-gluc), 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene, 7,8,9,10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9, 10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene, and a number of other hydroxylated PAHs. The most widely used of these is 1-OHP-gluc, the major form of 1-OHP in human urine, by virtue of its relatively high concentration and prevalence in urine and its ease of measurement. This metabolite of pyrene can be measured as 1-OHP after deconjugation of the glucuronide with beta-glucuronidase or directly as 1-OHP-gluc without deconjugation. Elevated levels of 1-OHP or 1-OHP-gluc have been demonstrated in smokers (versus nonsmokers), in patients receiving coal tar treatment (versus pretreatment), after workshifts in road pavers (versus before shifts or versus controls), after shifts in coke oven workers (versus before shift), and in subjects ingesting charbroiled meat (versus preingestion). More importantly, this metabolite is found (at low levels) in most human urine, even in persons without apparent occupational or smoking exposure. Although measurement of these metabolites is useful in assessing recent exposure to PAHs, their value as predictive markers of biological effect or health outcomes has not been rigorously tested and at present can only be inferred by association.
This study explored the variability of zidovudine concentrations with computer simulations and measured concentrations. A one-compartment oral absorption model was selected to characterize zidovudine disposition. Mean (+/-standard deviation) values for the pharmacokinetic parameters were taken from the literature. Five different Monte Carlo simulations (50 each) were performed of zidovudine concentrations following repetitive administration of 100-mg oral doses 6 times/day in patients weighing 45-85 kg. A sixth simulation considered a weight-adjusted regimen. Predicted concentrations were compared with those measured in 30 HIV-infected persons receiving 100 mg/dose. Predicted concentrations 1 hour after 100 mg was administered fell in the range of 0.52-5.18 microM; measured values in 30 patients were 0.54-3.07 microM. This study confirms substantial variability in zidovudine serum concentrations. The simulation study of a weight-adjusted regimen suggests one possibility to reduce this variability. These observations provide a basis to explore dosing strategies that control for pharmacokinetic and perhaps pharmacodynamic sources of interpatient variability.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate relationships between serum lipid profiles, milk consumption and lifestyle, in a Japanese population. METHODS: A cross-sectional study in 12,610 Japanese men aged 30 to 69 years. Serum total-cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol (HDLC), LDL-cholesterol (LDLC), TC/HDLC ratio, and triglycerides (TG) were determined. Milk consumption was classified into "Yes" (3553 men) and "No" (9057 men) groups by a self-administered questionnaire "Do you drink a glass of cow's milk (180 to 200 mL) or more everyday?". Five variables (age, body mass index, habitual exercise, and smoking and drinking habits) were considered confounding factors for the serum lipids. RESULTS: Regardless of age, the "Yes" group had higher levels of serum TC, HDLC and LDLC than the "No" group except for one comparison (HDLC in 50 to 54 year old group). The differences in serum TC (p < 0.001), HDLC (p < 0.001) and LDLC (p < 0.001) between the two groups were significant by ANOVA. However, milk consumption had no significant relations to serum TC/HDLC ratio or TG level. Multivariate models including the five confounding factors confirmed these results, and indicated that the "Yes" group had higher adjusted means of serum TC by 0.079 mmol/L (+1.5%, 5.280 vs. 5.201 mmol/L, p < 0.001), HDLC by 0.018 mmol/L (+1.4%, 1.260 vs. 1.242 mmol/L, p < 0.01), and LDLC by 0.066 mmol/L (+2.0%, 3.382 vs. 3.316 mmol/L, p < 0.001) than the "No" group. CONCLUSION: Milk consumption is part of a lifestyle related to hypercholesterolemia in the Japanese. 
For either clinical or research purposes, the timing of the nocturnal onset in production of the urinary melatonin metabolite 6-sulfatoxymelatonin (UaMT6s-onset), has been proposed as a reliable and robust marker of circadian phase. However, given that most circadian rhythms show cycle-to-cycle variability, the statistical reliability of phase estimates obtained from a single study using UaMT6s-onset remains to be determined. Following 2 weeks of sleep diary and wrist actigraphy, 15 young, healthy good sleepers participated in four UaMT6s sampling sessions spaced 1 day apart. During the sampling sessions subjects remained indoors under low light conditions and hourly urine samples were collected from 19:00 to 02:00 h. Samples were subsequently assayed for UaMT6s using standard radioimmunographic techniques. UaMT6s-onset was determined by the time at which melatonin production exceeded the average of three proceeding trials by 100%. Sleep onset times were derived from sleep diary and actigraphic measures taken before the melatonin collection nights. We found that there was no significant variation between nights in group mean UaMT6s-onset times, and intraindividual variability was small. In addition, UaMT6s-onset times were highly and significantly correlated between nights (grand mean r = 0.804). Our results suggest that within 95% confidence interval limits, individual UaMT6s-onset estimates obtained from a single night UaMT6s-onset study can be used to predict subsequent UaMT6s-onset times within +/- 97 min. A close temporal relationship was also found between the timing of UaMT6s-onset and sleep onset. Overall, our results suggest that under entrained conditions single-session UaMT6s-onset studies can provide reliable individual UaMT6s-onset phase estimates and that the protocol described in this study is a practical and noninvasive methodology.
For men in the special intervention (SI) group of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial, the average decrease in serum total cholesterol was 16.9 mg/dL (6.7%); for men in the usual care (UC) group, the average decrease was 9.7 mg/dL (3.8%). The difference between the two groups for plasma total cholesterol was 6.2 mg/dL. Plasma low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreased 10.6 mg/dL (6.6%) in SI men and 5.4 mg/dL (3.4%) in UC men. Mean weight losses were 3.0 lb (1.36 kg) and 0.1 lb (0.05 kg) for SI and UC men, respectively. Change in blood total cholesterol was directly related to baseline concentration; for men with serum total cholesterol > or = 220 mg/dL, those in the SI group decreased their total cholesterol by 7.8% (design goal: 10%) and those in the UC group by 4.8% (expected: 0%). Change in dietary lipid intake (summarized by the Keys score) for SI men was significantly related to changes in blood total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglyceride, but not to change in high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Controlled for weight change, coefficients for Keys score change were smaller but remained significantly related to each blood lipid except HDL cholesterol. Weight loss was associated with favorable effects on all blood lipids. Influences of change in diet and weight on blood lipids were quantitatively less for hypertensive men for serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglyceride than for nonhypertensive men. Nonsmokers had greater decreases than smokers in blood total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglyceride.
This chapter presents analyses of relations of dietary variables to blood pressure, systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP), for men in the special intervention (SI) and usual care (UC) groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial. For each dietary factor, analyses were done at baseline, for trial years 1-6, and for change from baseline to years 1-6. Analyses were done for all participants and for men receiving or not receiving antihypertensive drug treatment and were controlled for age, race, education, serum cholesterol, smoking, special diet status, and (for specific nutrients) body mass index and alcohol intake. Nutrient data for trial years 1-6, which are based on four or five dietary recalls per man, are more reliable than the baseline or change data, which are based on only one recall. Therefore, this summary focuses on data for trial years 1-6, for SI and UC men pooled. Regression analyses confirmed direct independent relations of body mass index, alcohol intake, sodium, and ratio of sodium to potassium to SBP and DBP, and an inverse relation of potassium to SBP and DBP. Dietary starch was directly related to SBP and DBP; dietary saturated fatty acid and cholesterol and Keys score were directly related to DBP; dietary magnesium, fiber, and caffeine were inversely related to SBP and DBP; and dietary protein, polyunsaturated fatty acids, the ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acid, and other simple carbohydrates were inversely related to DBP. Method problems, all tending to produce underestimations, are also reviewed.
HYPOTHESIS: The unknown prevalence of alcohol use and misuse among aviation pilots, crewmembers and associated support personnel call for continuous improvement of methods for detecting recent alcohol use. Early detection is essential to proper treatment and prevention of potentially catastrophic mishaps. Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol (5HTOL), a serotonin (5HT) metabolite, has shown promise in the clinical setting as a noninvasive marker of recent alcohol consumption. METHODS: The urinary 5HTOL concentrations of 11 male and female subjects were followed for approximately 24 h following dosing with ethanol 0.6 g.kg-1. Concentrations were reported as a ratio of 5HTOL to 5-hydroxy-indoleacetic acid (5HIAA), 5HTOL/5HIAA (pmol/nmol), to compensate for urinary dilution and elevated 5HTOL levels due to dietary intake. Data from one male subject was excluded after he admitted to continued alcohol consumption subsequent to dosing and missing several urine samples. RESULTS: 5HTOL/5HIAA ratios remained above the 15 pmol/nmol cutoff for recent alcohol use for approximately 11-16 h in all except one subject. Calculations based on body weight and administered alcohol dose suggest that measurable blood alcohol levels would exist for only 5-7 h post ingestion. CONCLUSION: This study confirmed the extended elevation of 5HTOL/5HIAA ratios observed in earlier studies, even at the relatively low alcohol dose used herein. 5HTOL appears to be a marker for acute alcohol consumption worthy of further investigation by military and civilian authorities. Potential aviation applications of 5HTOL include validation of measurable blood alcohol concentrations, investigation of poor performance due to hangover effects, and as a forensic toxicology tool in aircraft accident investigations to distinguish between actual alcohol ingestion and post-mortem alcohol synthesis. 
Uraemic pruritus is a frequent and disabling symptom in patients on dialysis. The pathogenesis of uraemic pruritus is nevertheless still obscure. We investigated whether di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), the most commonly used plasticizer in polyvinylchloride (PVC) haemodialysis tubings, is a possible pathogenetic factor in uraemic pruritus. Serum concentrations of DEHP and its major derivatives mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), 2-ethylhexanol (2-EH) and phthalic acid (PA) were determined in uraemic patients before and after a haemodialysis session and compared with the occurrence and intensity of pruritus in these patients. Twenty-one patients on regular haemodialysis for at least 6 months were examined. The severity of uraemic pruritus was assessed using a standard questionnaire (pruritus score). The quantitative analysis of DEHP and its derivatives was carried out by GC/selected ion monitoring mass spectrometry. Fourteen out of 21 patients (66%) complained about uraemic pruritus to a variable degree. The post-dialysis serum concentrations of DEHP, MEHP and 2-EH were significantly higher than the corresponding pre-dialysis values, whereas the post-dialysis concentrations of PA (0.122 +/- 0.078 microgram/microliter) were significantly lower than pre-dialysis levels (0.194 +/- 0.101 microgram/microliter, P = 0.00068). Neither pre- nor post-dialysis serum concentrations of DEHP, MEHP, PA or 2-EH were correlated with the severity of uraemic pruritus. Additionally, serum concentrations of DEHP and its metabolites did not differ significantly in patients with and without pruritus. These findings suggest that patients on haemodialysis are regularly exposed to considerable amounts of DEHP and metabolites. Phthalic acid, one of the presumed end products of DEHP metabolism, might be eliminated at least in part by haemodialysis. The exposition to DEHP and metabolites during haemodialysis, as assessed by measuring serum concentrations, bears no immediate relation to the occurrence or intensity of uraemic pruritus.
The INTERSALT Study, an international, collaborative, cross-sectional investigation of the relation between blood pressure and dietary and other factors, used quality-controlled, standardized procedures and assessment of multiple possible confounding factors to study 10,079 men and women in 52 population-based samples in 32 countries. In this study 24-h urinary excretion data were used as biochemical markers of intakes of sodium, potassium, and protein, with repeat examinations done in a randomly selected 8% of participants to asses reliability and correct for regression-dilution bias. INTERSALT showed that high salt intake, low potassium intake, excess alcohol consumption, and energy imbalance resulting in overweight are critically involved in the origins of the high blood pressure prevalent among a majority of adult populations. The findings also show that obtaining accurate estimates of associations between dietary intake and blood pressure requires large population-based samples, high-quality dietary information, control for multiple confounding variables, and modern multivariate methods of data analyses, including correction of observed associations for within-person variation in intake.
Nutrient indexes derived from food-frequency questionnaires have generally been regarded as acceptably valid for epidemiologic purposes. Evaluations of these indexes, however, have considered only their convergent validity. We suggest that discriminant validity, or the ability to distinguish among exposures to different nutrients, is also important. Using baseline data from a large clinical trial, we tested the discriminant validity of indexes of intake of vitamin E, alpha-carotene, and beta-carotene. Our results suggest that the vitamin E index possesses neither convergent not discriminant validity, the alpha-carotene index adequate convergent and discriminant validity, and the beta-carotene index adequate convergent but no discriminant validity.
OBJECTIVE: Suboptimal nutrition leads to growth delay, frequently without over clinical or biochemical signs. We hypothesize that changes in serum IFG-1 and erythrocyte sodium-potassium ATPase activity (ENKA) may be indices of suboptimal nutrition. METHODS: Male Sprague-Dawley rats were pair-fed for 4 weeks with balanced diets of different carbohydrate (CHO) to fat (FAT) ratios (3:1, 2:1, and 1:1) and three levels of energy intake (ad-libitum, 80%, and 60%), corrected for actual body weight). Daily weight gain and weekly tail growth were monitored while ENKA, serum total protein, T3, insulin and IGF-1 were measured after four weeks. Refeeding experiments were also performed with the 3:1 and 1:1 CHO:FAT diets, including 4 weeks of dietary restriction and one week of ad-libitum feeding. RESULTS: Weight gain, tail growth, and IGF-1 decreased (p < 0.05) in all groups after 1 week of dietary restriction. A decrease in ENKA (p < 0.05) was found in rats that consumed 60% of ad-libitum energy intake only after 4 weeks. At the end of dietary treatment, weight gain was higher (p < 0.05) in rats fed the 3:1 CHO:FAT diet. In contrast, when energy was restricted to 80% or 60% of ad-libitum intake, rats fed the 1:1 CHO:FAT diet gained more weight (p < 0.05) compared to the 3:1 and 2:1 CHO:FAT diets. After 1 week of refeeding body weight, tail growth and ENKA returned to control values while serum IGF-1 levels remained depressed. CONCLUSIONS: Acute nutritional changes are clearly detected by a reduction of serum IGF-1 while ENKA may be a useful index for assessing chronic suboptimal nutrition. 
Studies with animal models suggest that saturated fatty acids raise low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol levels by reducing LDL receptor-mediated clearance. To examine this directly in humans, we studied the effects of lowering dietary saturated fat on LDL-receptor abundance in peripheral mononuclear cells which reflects hepatic LDL-receptor status. Healthy males and females (n = 25) participating in the DELTA (Dietary Effects on Lipoproteins and Thrombogenic Activity) Study consumed three experimental diets in a randomized cross-over design. Diets provided 34% fat, 15% saturated fatty acids (Average American Diet); 29% fat, 9% saturated fatty acids (Step-One Diet); and 25% fat, 6% saturated fatty acids (Low SAT Diet). Peripheral mononuclear cells were isolated from blood samples collected after 6 and 8 wk. An ELISA was used to quantify LDL-receptor protein in total cell membranes. LDL-receptor abundance increased by 10.5% after the Low SAT Diet (P < 0.05). This was associated with an 11.8% decrease in serum LDL-cholesterol (P < 0.05). A linear inverse relationship was observed between the percentage change in LDL-cholesterol and the percentage change in LDL-receptor abundance (r = -0.59; P < 0.01). In addition, LDL-receptor abundance also was correlated inversely (P < 0.001) with serum levels of LDL-cholesterol (r = -0.747) and apoB (r = -0.593). In summary, reducing dietary saturated fat is associated with an increase in LDL-receptor abundance of magnitude similar to the decrease in serum LDL-cholesterol. Thus, an important mechanism by which reductions in dietary saturated fatty acids decrease LDL-cholesterol in humans is through an increase in LDL-receptor number.
The present study investigated the association between 24-h urinary sodium excretion and heart rate in the determination of blood pressure (BP) levels in a large random population sample from eastern Finland. Three independent risk factor surveys were performed in 1979, 1982 and 1987 using the same methodology. Data from each survey was pooled for subjects aged 25-64 years who reported a complete 24-h urine collection and were not on the current antihypertensive treatment (1640 men and 1686 women). The effect of urinary sodium excretion and heart rate was examined by regressing BP on urinary sodium excretion and pulse rate, together with age and body mass index (BMI). Analyses stratified by quintiles of heart rate were also performed. There was no association between urinary sodium and BP either in men or in women. There was a significant correlation between heart rate and both systolic and diastolic BP in both men and women. A significant interaction between age and BMI with heart rate was also found in both sexes. Interaction between urinary sodium and heart rate was found neither in men nor in women. Among men, after adjustment for age and BMI, there was a curvilinear relation between 24-h urinary excretion of sodium and diastolic BP (P = 0.054) in the lowest quintile of heart rate (<60 beats/min). No correlations were observed among women in any of the quintiles of heart rate.
BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to determine the accuracy of determinations of left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) by a nonimaging miniature nuclear detector system (Cardioscint) and to evaluate the feasibility of long-term LVEF monitoring in patients admitted to the coronary care unit, with special reference to the blood-labeling technique. METHODS AND RESULTS: Cardioscint LVEF values were compared with measurements of LVEF by conventional gamma camera radionuclide ventriculography in 33 patients with a wide range of LVEF values. In 21 of the 33 patients, long-term monitoring was carried out for 1 to 4 hours (mean 186 minutes), with three different kits: one for in vivo and two for in vitro red blood cell labeling. The stability of the labeling was assessed by determination of the activity of blood samples taken during the first 24 hours after blood labeling. The agreement between Cardioscint LVEF and gamma camera LVEF was good with automatic background correction (r = 0.82; regression equation y = 1.04x + 3.88) but poor with manual background correction (r = 0.50; y = 0.88x - 0.55). The agreement was highest in patients without wall motion abnormalities. The long-term monitoring showed no difference between morning and afternoon Cardioscint LVEF values. Short-lasting fluctuations in LVEFs greater than 10 EF units were observed in the majority of the patients. After 24 hours, the mean reduction in the physical decay-corrected count rate of the blood samples was most pronounced for the two in vitro blood-labeling kits (57% +/- 9% and 41% +/- 3%) and less for the in vivo blood-labeling kit (32% +/- 26%). This "biologic decay" had a marked influence on the Cardioscint monitoring results, demanding frequent background correction. CONCLUSION: A fairly accurate estimate of LVEF can be obtained with the nonimaging Cardioscint system, and continuous bedside LVEF monitoring can proceed for hours with little inconvenience to the patients. Instability of the red blood cell labeling during long-term monitoring necessitates frequent background correction. 
BACKGROUND: A dietary history questionnaire (DH) administered by interview was validated against 12 24-hour recalls. Relative validity of the DH and the 24-hour diet recalls was assessed by comparing nutrient intake derived from both methods with the urinary excretion of nitrogen (N) and plasma levels of carotenes, vitamin E and vitamin C. METHODS: The urinary excretion of N was estimated from four 24-hour urine collections of 64 subjects (30 males and 34 females), and plasma levels of carotenes and vitamins C and E from one fasting blood collection in 72 subjects (32 men and 40 women). RESULTS: The mean difference (g/day) between N excretion and N intake was -0.73 (-3.1%) for the DH and -1.4 (-8.2%) for the 24-hour diet recalls. The Pearson correlation coefficients were 0.58 and 0.52 respectively. The crude Pearson correlation coefficient between plasma level of vitamin C and dietary intake according to the DH was 0.46 and according to the 24-hour diet recall was 0.49. For beta-carotene it was 0.33 and 0.42 and for total carotenoids it was 0.27 and 0.28. For vitamin E, after adjusting for cholesterol levels and energy intake, it was 0.33 and 0.36. Some differences were found by gender and smoking habit. CONCLUSIONS: The DH method gives similar results to those from the 24-hour diet recall that was used as the dietary reference method which demonstrated that DH can provide a relatively valid measurement of habitual intake for the studied nutrients. 
BACKGROUND: We evaluated the reproducibility and relative validity of a 190-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to be used in a large prospective study in the Athens area of Greece. METHODS: In all, 42 men and 38 women, aged 25-67 years, completed two self-administered semi-quantitative FFQ spaced approximately 1 year apart. Within this 1-year interval, participants visited the study centre monthly and completed an interviewer-administered 24-hour diet recall questionnaire. We also collected two venous blood and three 24-hour urine samples from participants at randomly selected periods during the year between the two administrations of the dietary questionnaire. RESULTS: Mean values for intake of most nutrients assessed by the two FFQ were in good agreement while those assessed by the two different dietary methods were reasonably similar for most nutrients. Intraclass correlation coefficients for energy-adjusted nutrient intakes assessed by questionnaires one year apart averaged 0.57 (range 0.24-0.75) and were not substantially different between genders. Correlation coefficients between the energy-adjusted nutrients measured by repeated 24-hour recalls and the semi-quantitative FFQ ranged from 0.25 for beta-carotene and polyunsaturated fats to > 0.50 for saturated fats, cis-linoleic acid, calcium and phosphorus (average: 0.46 for men and 0.39 for women). Reliability and relative validity were very high for alcohol intake. Dietary intakes from the FFQ were significantly correlated to plasma levels of vitamin C, but not beta-carotene or cholesterol. Dietary protein intake assessed by both FFQ was correlated (0.36, 0.30) with average urinary nitrogen excretion levels from three 24-hour urine samples. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that the semi-quantitative FFQ is reproducible and provides a reasonably reliable measure of intake. Significant correlations between diet and an independent biochemical marker further corroborate the relative validity of our questionnaire in this Greek population. 
The biological variability of urinary bone resorption markers was measured in 30 healthy and 20 postmenopausal osteoporotic women. The second spot urines were collected at weekly intervals for 5 weeks and urinary pyridinium crosslinks, hydroxyproline, calcium and Ntx were evaluated. Results are discussed in relation to analytical variability, critical difference values and index of individuality. In conclusion monitoring and classifying bone turnover in groups of persons are well established, but the routine use of urinary biochemical bone markers in the individual patient is of limited use.
Urine specific gravity (Usg) and urine osmolality (Uosm) are used routinely to assess renal concentrating ability, but limited data on these variables are available for healthy dogs. Consequently, we studied the intra- and interindividual variations in Usg and Uosm in healthy dogs as well as the influence of age and gender on these variables. Dogs were selected for health and anestrus in female dogs through the use of a detailed questionnaire. Eighty-nine owners collected morning and evening urine samples from their dogs on 2 consecutive days. In 8 dogs in which the Uosm of different samples varied more than 50%, owners collected urine for 24 hours at 2-hour intervals during the day and at 4-hour intervals at night. The possible effect of changes in adrenocortical function with age was assessed by measurements of urinary corticoid/creatinine (C/C) ratios. Among all samples, Uosm ranged from 161 to 2,830 mOsm/kg and Usg from 1.006 to > 1.050. In the morning, Uosm (1,541 +/- 527 mOsm/kg, range 273-2,620 mOsm/kg) and Usg (1.035 +/- 0.010, range 1.009-->1.050) were higher than in the evening (Uosm 1,400 +/- 586 mOsm/kg, range 161-2,830 mOsm/kg; Usg 1.031 +/- 0.012, range 1.006-->1.050). The interindividual coefficient of variation in Uosm was 34.2% for morning urine samples and 41.9% for evening samples. In 8 dogs with large differences in urine concentration, there were 2- to 3-fold increases or decreases in Uosm during the day, and the intraindividual coefficient of variation was 33.0%. There was no relation between gender and urine concentration. Urine concentration in both the morning and evening samples decreased with age. Urinary corticoid/ creatinine ratios did not change with age. It can be concluded that Uosm and Usg vary widely among healthy dogs. Urine concentration is generally lower in the evening than in the morning and is not related to gender. Urine concentration decreases with age, and this cannot be ascribed to an associated increase in endogenous corticoids. In some dogs, Uosm varies widely during the day, with an intraindividual coefficient of variation approaching the interindividual coefficient of variation. This may be regarded as a biologic variation but also could represent an early undiagnosed clinical abnormality.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) has been identified as a potential biochemical marker of heavy alcohol consumption. Published studies to date primarily have focused on the ability of CDT levels to distinguish individuals with heavy alcohol drinking from nondrinking populations. In contrast, this study examines the utility of CDT levels in distinguishing alcohol-dependent patients who drink heavily from those who drink smaller amounts. This study also evaluates the potential relationship of CDT to severity of alcohol dependence and its gender differences. Serum was collected in 38 DSM-III-R alcohol-dependent outpatients at treatment entry (22 males, 16 females). CDT levels correlated with the extent of alcohol drinking in the month before treatment in males (r = 0.56, df = 20, p < .01), but not in females (r = 0.08, df = 14, NS). CDT levels also correlated with alcohol severity at pre-treatment in males (r = 0.53, df = 20, p < .05), but not in females (r = 0.27, df = 14, NS). Thus, elevated CDT levels may be mediated by alcohol severity, distinguishing CDT not only as a marker of heavy drinking, but also as an indicator of the severity of drinking-related biological and psychosocial dysfunction that may require further intervention.
The Sheffield electrical impedance tomography; (EIT) system produces images of changes in the distribution of resistivity within tissue. The paper reports on the application of electrical impedance tomography in monitoring volume changes in the limb during venous occlusion. The aim of the study is to assess the feasibility, reproducibility and validity of calf blood flow measurements by EIT. In 14 healthy volunteers calf blood flow is compared, as determined in a calf segment by strain-gauge plethysmography (SGP), with the impedance changes measured by EIT during rest and post-ischaemic hyperaemia. The measurements are repeated to assess reproducibility. The reproducibility for the EIT, assessed from the repeated measurements and expressed as a reproducibility coefficient, is 0.88 during rest and 0.89 during hyperaemia. The reproducibility coefficient for SGP data is 0.83 at rest and 0.67 during hyperaemia. Flow measurements, assessed by means of two methods, correlate well at rest (r = 0.89), but only moderately during hyperaemia (r = 0.51). The correlation coefficient for the pooled flow measurements is 0.98. It is concluded that EIT is a valid and reliable method for assessing blood flow in the limb. Possible applications of EIT in localising fluid changes are discussed.
A method for the simultaneous determination of urinary phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, chrysene and benzo[a]pyrene metabolites has been developed for individual risk assessment at polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-burdened workplaces. The concentration of urinary metabolites as a measure for individual PAH exposure takes account not only of PAH masses resorbed by the respiratory tract but also those incorporated percutaneously. The method allows the determination of 25 different components with a low margin of error; the individual metabolite profiles thereby allow conclusions on the individual characteristics of PAH-oxidizing enzymes (monooxygenases). The coefficients of variation are lower than 10%. After enzymatic treatment of the urine with glucuronidase and arylsulfatase one part of the benzene or toluene extract is treated with diazomethane to convert phenols into methylethers, while another part is used to convert dihydrodiols into phenols. After further purification the metabolites are determined by means of a combination of gas chromatography and mass spectrometry. The PAH exposure of cock plant workers during several consecutive days resulted in fairly constant individual urinary metabolite profiles which, however, exhibited significant inter-individual variability. This held true also for Wistar rats exposed to tar pitch aerosol on 5 days during a period of 10 days. It was also demonstrated that in the case of coke plant workers there is a correlation between inhaled PAH and metabolites excreted. Mass relationships between inhaled PAH and metabolites excreted were found to differ from one individual to another.
Immunoperoxidase methods using two antibodies were developed for detection and quantitation of DNA damage in single cells. A monoclonal antibody that recognizes 4-aminobiphenyl (4-ABP)-DNA adducts was initially tested on liver tissues of BALB/c mice treated with 4-ABP, then applied to the detection of adducts in oral mucosa and exfoliated urothelial cells of smokers and nonsmokers. Levels of 4-ABP-DNA in exfoliated urothelial cells were elevated in each of 20 smokers (mean relative staining intensity, 517 +/- 137) compared with age-, race-, and sex-matched nonsmokers (313 +/- 79; P < 0.0005). Significantly higher damage levels were also observed in oral mucosa cells of smokers compared with nonsmokers (552 +/- 157 versus 326 +/- 101; P < 0.0005). A polyclonal antiserum that recognizes benzo(a)pyrene and structurally related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) diol epoxide-DNA adducts was also applied to the same study samples after validation by staining of 10T1/2 cells treated with (+/-)-trans-anti-benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide. Smokers had higher levels of PAH-DNA damage in oral mucosa and exfoliated urothelial cells than nonsmokers (oral mucosa cells, 684 +/- 107 versus 370 +/- 83; P < 0.0005; urothelial cells, 689 +/- 72 versus 495 +/- 57; P < 0.0005). A similar 2-3-fold range in relative staining was found in smokers and nonsmokers for both 4-ABP- and PAH-DNA, suggesting the importance of individual differences in capacity to metabolize the carcinogens and/or repair damaged DNA. Significant correlations were found among the biomarkers in both cell types. This noninvasive method, requiring small numbers of cells and with a relatively low cost, will be useful for monitoring DNA damage in large-scale molecular epidemiology studies.
Trichloroacetic acid (TCA) is a metabolite of trichloroethylene (TRI) thought to contribute to its hepatocarcinogenic effects in mice. Recent studies have shown that peak blood concentrations of TCA do not occur until approximately 12 hr after an oral dose of TRI; however, blood concentrations of TRI reach a maximum within 1 hr and is nondetectable after 2 hr. The objective of this study was to examine quantitatively enterohepatic recirculation of trichloroethanol (TCEOH) and TCA as a possible mechanism responsible for the delayed production of TCA. Jugular vein, duodenum, and bile duct-cannulated Fischer 344 rats were used, with the collection of blood, bile, urine, and feces samples after intraduodenal and intravenous dosing of animals with TRI, TCEOH, and TCA. Samples were analyzed by GC for TCA, total TCEOH, and free TCEOH. The results show that, after an intravenous dose of TCEOH (100 mg/kg), 36% of the TCEOH in blood is attributable to enterohepatic recirculation. With the same treatment, 76% of the TCA in blood is attributable to enterohepatic recirculation of metabolites. Peak concentrations of total TCEOH in bile, after an intraduodenal dose of TRI, are over 5 times higher than peak concentrations of total TCEOH in systemic blood. Peak concentrations of TCEOH glucuronide in bile are approximately 200 times higher than peak concentrations of TCEOH glucuronide in systemic blood.
In order to identify risk factors (e.g. physical inactivity, dietary composition) associated with blood pressure within a given population, it is necessary to adjust for differences in known associations (e.g. age, body weight) using a method such as the analysis of covariance. However, the blood pressure results from the Allied Dunbar National Fitness Survey (ADNFS) were found to be non-linear with age, positively skewed (with heteroscedastic errors) and therefore non-normally distributed. Hence, before valid inferences can be drawn from such data, there is a clear need to formulate an appropriate model for blood pressure that will overcome these undesirable characteristics. A multiplicative model (with allometric body size components) was proposed and fitted to the ADNFS blood pressure results. After a logarithmic transformation the parsimonious solution was able to confirm the association with BMI, the non-linear changes with age, and overcome the heteroscedastic and positively skewed errors, i.e. the residuals from the fitted log-linear models for both systolic and diastolic blood pressure were symmetric and normally distributed. Other factors were found to make a significant additional contribution to the prediction of blood pressure. Cyclists, participants in vigorous physical activity and those subjects who consumed more fresh fruit, rice or pasta, and wine were found to have significantly lower mean levels of blood pressure. Indeed, the gap in blood pressure between participants and non-participants in vigorous physical activity increased further with age. However, subjects who drank more beer tended to have significantly higher mean levels of blood pressure. Thus by developing an appropriate model for arterial blood pressure, some well known, and some less well known, associations with arterial blood pressure have been identified. The results suggest that physical activity and other lifestyle factors may protect against hypertension.
Relatively high intakes of vegetables and fruit and relatively low intakes of fat are associated with lower rates of heart disease and many types of cancer. Biomarkers for vegetable and fruit consumption are most useful when applicable across different ages, body weights, diets, and varying patterns of fat intake. This study examined two biomarkers, serum concentrations of beta-carotene and vitamin C, as a function of anthropometric, dietary, and lifestyle factors in a community-based sample of French adults. The interview-based dietary-history method was used to assess dietary intakes of 361 males and 476 females aged 18-94 y resident in the Val-de-Marne district southeast of Paris. Serum beta-carotene was quantified by HPLC and vitamin C was measured by using an automated method. Serum beta-carotene and vitamin C concentrations were positively associated with vegetable and fruit intakes and were negatively linked to the consumption of energy, alcohol, and fat. Multiple-regression analyses showed that serum beta-carotene concentration was predicted by fruit and vegetable intakes but was inversely associated with body mass, energy and alcohol intakes, and tobacco use. Serum vitamin C concentration was positively associated with fruit consumption but was negatively associated with age, body mass, and tobacco use. Serum beta-carotene and vitamin C concentrations are useful biomarkers of vegetable and fruit consumption in the French diet. However, other dietary and lifestyle factors also have a significant effect on circulating concentrations of these antioxidant micronutrients.
Chronic ethanol ingestion has been suggested to trigger the formation of antibodies that recognize acetaldehyde-protein condensates. In this study, assays for immunoglobulin (Ig) A, IgG, and IgM antibodies to acetaldehyde-derived adducts were performed on sera of 140 alcohol consumers, 19 patients with nonalcoholic liver disease (NALD), 35 healthy nondrinking controls, and 10 nondrinking patients with IgA or IgG myeloma. Anti-acetaldehyde (Ach)-adduct antibodies of each Ig isotype were found from the alcohol abusers. In alcoholic liver disease (ALD, n = 86) IgA titers were elevated in 69% of the patients. These titers were significantly higher than those from patients with NALD (P < .001), nondrinking controls (P < .001), or heavy drinkers (n = 54) without any clinical and biochemical signs of liver disease (P < .001). In contrast, anti-adduct IgG titers were significantly elevated both in ALD and in heavy drinkers as compared with patients with NALD (P < .001) or nondrinking controls (P < .01 and P < .05, respectively). The anti-adduct immunoglobulin (Ig)A, IgG, and IgM titers in patients with alcoholic liver disease (ALD) correlated with the combined clinical and laboratory index of liver disease severity (r(s) = .497, P < .001; r(s) = .361, P < .01; and r(s) = .322, P < .01). Anti-adduct IgA titers also correlated with serum bilirubin (r = .768, P < .001) and interleukin 6 (r = .504, P < .001). Anti-adduct IgG titers were, in turn, found to correlate with the presence of inflammation (P < .01) and necrosis (P < .01). During follow-up studies of individual patients, parallel changes were observed in the anti-adduct IgG titers, disease severity, and serum markers of fibrogenesis. The present results provide evidence that antibodies representing distinct Ig classes directed against acetaldehyde (Ach)-derived adducts of proteins are formed in alcoholic patients showing an association with the severity of liver disease. The follow-up data also support an association between such immune responses and the aggravation of liver disease.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) models are useful in describing the distribution, metabolism, and fate of xenobiotics across multiple species. The eventual goal of the present research is to create PBPK models for all 209 polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Key parameters in any PBPK model are the tissue-to-blood partition coefficients. Tissue:blood partition coefficients relate the compound's concentration in a target tissue to its concentration in blood under equilibrium conditions. Data on the adipose:plasma partition coefficients of 24 PCBs were used in a regression analysis to find an expression for the adipose:plasma partition coefficient as a function of molecular structure. Using stepwise regression, it was found that three simple structural descriptors were sufficient to predict adipose:plasma partition coefficients for all 209 PCB congeners. Data on the distribution of PCBs among blood components were used to derive the adipose:blood partition coefficient from the adipose:plasma partition coefficient. The lipid contents of liver, muscle, and skin were used to derive the tissue:blood partition coefficient for those tissues from the adipose:blood partition coefficient. These results allow for the calculation of tissue:blood partition coefficients for liver, skin, muscles, and fat for all 209 PCB congeners.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls (OHCBs) have been identified in blood of marine mammals, fish-eating birds, and humans at concentrations in some cases exceeding those of the unmetabolized polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). OHCBs have been associated with inhibition of vitamin A and thyroxin transport, estrogenicity in a mouse uterotrophic assay, and feminization of male turtle sexual development. OHCBs, representing both environmentally derived and laboratory exposure-derived metabolites, were tested in an in vitro bioassay utilizing an estrogen-responsive human breast adenocarcinoma cell line (MCF7-LUC) stably transfected with a luciferase reporter gene linked to estrogen responsive elements. OHCB activity was tested at three different media concentrations of 17beta-estradiol (E2), comparing the concentration-response curves using charcoal-stripped medium (0.0009 nM E2), and two physiologically relevant E2 concentrations (0.1 and 1.0 nM E2). Eleven of 13 OHCBs tested were anti-estrogenic. Evidence for an estrogen receptor mediated mechanism of action was apparent for only two OHCBs-4-OH-2',3,3',4',5,5'-Cl6-biphenyl and 4,4'-(OH)2-3,3',5,5'-Cl4-biphenyl. These two have not been identified in environmental samples. The remaining OHCBs exhibited "anti-estrogenicity" that was related to their effect on cell viability and, therefore, cannot be described as exhibiting "hormone disruption" solely by an estrogen receptor mediated mechanism. OHCB anti-estrogenic activity was eliminated in the presence of E2 concentrations normally found in humans, except for 4,4'(OH)2-3,3',5,5'-Cl4-biphenyl. 4-OH-2',3',4',5'-Cl4-biphenyl and 4-OH-2',4',6'-Cl3-biphenyl were partial estrogen agonists, exhibiting weak estrogenicity in the presence of 0.0009 nM E2 and weak anti-estrogenicity in the presence of 0.1 and 1 nM E2. Human metabolites of PCBs were not estrogenic in MCF7 cells.
The ability of a biomarker to provide an assessment of the integrated individual dose following uptake through multiple routes is especially valuable for mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), due to methodological and practical difficulties of collecting and analysing samples from the various environmental compartments like air, water and soil and various media such as diet, cigarette smoke and workroom air. Since 1980, a large variety of novel approaches and techniques have been suggested and tested, e.g. urinary thioethers, mutagenicity in urine, levels of PAH or PAH-metabolites in blood and urine and methods for determination of adducts in DNA and proteins. Two approaches are more frequently reported: PAH-DNA-adduct monitoring in blood cells and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene monitoring. A large research effort has been made to use the extent of binding of PAH to DNA as a biomarker of exposure. The 32P-post-labeling assay detects the total of aromatic DNA-adducts and the adduct level in white blood cells is claimed to be an indicator of the biological effect of the PAH-mixture. However, the levels of aromatic DNA-adducts may be subject to appreciable analytical and biological variation. The present technical complexity of the method makes it more convenient for research applications than for routine application in occupational health practice. Pyrene is a dominant compound in the PAH mixture and is mainly metabolised to the intermediary 1-hydroxypyrene to form 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide, which is excreted in urine. Since the introduction of the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine as a biomarker for human exposure assessment in 1985, many reports from different countries from Europe, Asia and America confirmed the potential of this novel approach. The conclusion of the first international workshop on 1-hydroxypyrene in 1993 was that urinary 1-hydroxypyrene is a solid biological exposure indicator of PAH. Studies with a comparison of several biomarkers confirmed that 1-hydroxypyrene in urine is a valid and sensitive indicator of exposure. Periodical monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene appears to be a powerful method in controlling occupational PAH-exposure in industries. The reference level and the biological exposure limit of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine are discussed.
The milk samples were collected from mothers who had lived in the area for at least 5 years, healthy and breast feeding their first, second or third child. Of the 175 mothers' milk samples analysed, the organochlorine pesticide residues were detected in the following order of frequency: pp-DDE, 100%, pp-DDT 98%; and sum PCB, 53%. Of all the seven areas analysed the Kariba area and the highest mean level of sum DDT--25,259 ng/g milk fat and the lowest mean level of sum DDT of 1607 ng/G milk fat was found in Esigodini which is a rural area. The major DDT metabolite was pp-DDE. The ratio of pp-DDT/pp-DDE was highest in Kariba (0.6) suggesting recent pollution by DDT in that area. The results show that the vector control programmes (extensive pesticide spraying of disease-carrying pests, such as mosquitoes and tsetse flies), agricultural activities and dietary habits were the main contributing factors towards the high levels of pesticides in most of the areas. Kadoma area had the highest mean level of sum-PCB (60 ng/g milk fat).
The dietary mutagens 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) are carcinogenic in rodents. In F344 rats PhIP induces mammary tumors in females and colon tumors in males, while IQ induces tumors principally in the liver, Zymbal gland and intestines. In CDF1 mice, IQ induces liver, lung and forestomach tumors. We have evaluated the dynamics of formation, removal and inhibition of PhIP- and IQ-DNA adducts in these rodents. After bolus doses (50 mg/kg, by gavage) of IQ or PhIP, both IQ- and PhIP-DNA adducts were removed rapidly from both target and nontarget organs, while after 3-4 weeks of feeding IQ or PhIP (0.01-0.04%) adduct removal was much slower. Gavaging of male F344 rats with PhIP (0.1-1000 micrograms/kg/day) for 23 days resulted in accumulation of PhIP-DNA adducts in various organs, but adducts were detectable only at 100 or 1000 micrograms/kg/day. Urinary excretion of unchanged PhIP was a constant proportion (1.6-2.1%) of the daily dose over the entire dose range and was independent of duration of exposure. When weanling female F344 rats were exposed to dietary PhIP (0.01-0.04%) for 1-4 weeks, the presence of either conjugated linoleic acid (CLA; 0.1-1.0%) or indole-3-carbinol (13C; 0.1%) in the diet inhibited PhIP-DNA adduct formation (58-99%) in various organs, including the mammary gland and the colon. Similarly, the inclusion of 0.075% 4-ipomeanol (IPO) in the diet of male CDF1 mice exposed for 3 weeks to dietary IQ (0.01%) resulted in inhibition of IQ-DNA adduct formation (30-59%) in the target organs (liver, lungs, stomach) but not in a number of other organs. It is concluded that (1) the rate of PhIP- and IQ-DNA adduct removal depends on the dose and frequency of administration, (2) urinary PhIP may be a good biomarker of recent PhIP exposure and (3) CLA, I3C and IPO are potential chemopreventive agents against PhIP- or IQ-induced tumors in rodents.
The feasibility of using near infrared reflection spectroscopy for non-invasive blood glucose monitoring is discussed. Spectra were obtained using a diode-array spectrometer with a fiberoptic measuring head with a wavelength ranging from 800 nm to 1350 nm. Calibration was performed using partial least-squares regression and radial basis function networks. The results of different methods used to evaluate the quality of the recorded spectra in order to improve the reliability of the calibration models, are presented.
This study is an attempt to enhance the resistance of chicken semen to peroxidative damage by supplementing the diet of cockerels with the major lipid-soluble antioxidant alpha-tocopherol. Cockerels at 6 months of age were fed for 8 weeks with feed containing 0, 20, 200 or 1000 mg alpha-tocopherol kg-1. Semen was collected during the final 2 weeks of the supplementation period and the concentrations of alpha-tocopherol in the spermatozoa and the seminal plasma were determined. The concentrations of alpha-tocopherol in whole semen, spermatozoa and seminal plasma were approximately twice as high when the supplementation was 200 mg kg-1 compared with when supplementation was 20 mg kg-1; however, supplementation at 1000 mg kg-1 did not achieve any further increase in these concentrations of alpha-tocopherol. Thus, the concentration of alpha-tocopherol in semen displays only a limited responsiveness to manipulation by dietary means. In contrast, the concentrations of the vitamin in the testes and liver were found to be much more amenable to dietary manipulation, exhibiting increases of six-seven-fold over the whole range of supplementation. However, the dietary-induced increase in the alpha-tocopherol content of semen did result in a significant reduction in the susceptibility of the semen to lipid peroxidation. A further effect of enhancing the concentration of this vitamin in the semen was a significant increase in the proportions of C20-22 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the sperm phospholipids. In addition, the proportion of phosphatidylethanolamine in the phospholipid was increased whereas that of sphingomyelin was reduced at the higher concentrations of alpha-tocopherol supplementation. Thus, an increased dietary intake of alpha-tocopherol does produce beneficial changes in the antioxidant capacity and lipid profile of semen, albeit to a relatively limited extent.
The production of chlorine and vinyl chloride (VCM) is associated with the formation of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). The objective of the present study was to determine whether the levels and congener patterns of PCDDs and PCDFs in the blood of workers involved in the production of such substances could be related to their occupational environment. PCDD and PCDF levels in blood plasma from VCM and chloralkali workers and in referents were determined by means of high-resolution gas chromatography/high resolution mass spectrometry (HRGC/HRMS) techniques and the results were evaluated through principal component analysis (PCA). The overall levels of PCDDs and PCDFs were low, but the relative congener distribution detected in the workers differed from that found in the referents. 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF, 1,2,3,4,7,8- and 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDFs are congeners related to work in VCM and chloralkali industries. Exposure to PCDDs and PCDFs in these industrial environments changes the congener-distribution pattern in the blood of workers as compared with referents. A combination of isomer-specific analysis of PCDDs and PCDFs in blood plasma and PCA is suitable for the differentiation between nonoccupational and occupational exposure and provides a means of assessing workers' exposure situation in different occupational settings.
Previous studies have demonstrated that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), such as benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) and 7,12-dimethybenz[a]anthracene (DMBA), and possibly 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo(p)dioxin (TCDD), may exert their immunosuppressive effects by altering intracellular Ca2+ homeostasis in lymphocytes. In these studies, we examined the effects of two immunosuppressive PAHs (BaP and DMBA), two nonimmunosuppressive PAHs (benzo[e]pyrene (BeP) and anthracene (ANTH)), and TCDD on intracellular Ca2+ levels in surface marker-defined human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (HPBMC). BaP and DMBA, but not BeP and ANTH, were found to produce a time-dependent increase in intracellular Ca2+ with maximal effects achieved following 42- to 66-hr exposures. In a series of studies with HPBMC obtained from 10 donors exposed in vitro for 42 hr, BaP and DMBA were found to produce a significant increase in Ca2+ in CD3+ T cells, CD19+ B cells, and CD14+ monocytes. BeP and ANTH did not produce a statistically significant increase in Ca2+ in the group of donors, but occasionally produced an apparent nonspecific elevation of Ca2+ in HPBMC from individual donors. Interestingly, TCDD produced a small and statistically significant increase in Ca2+ only in B cells analyzed for the pooled 10 donors. Certain BaP metabolites, such as the 7,8-dihydrodiol and the 7,8-diol-9,10-epoxide, were more effective in elevating Ca2+ in HPBMC lymphocytes at 20 hr than was BaP. These results demonstrate in normal HPBMC that immunosuppressive PAHs alter intracellular Ca2+ homeostasis in B cells, T cells, and monocytes, and suggest that P450 metabolism may play an important role in the immunotoxicity of certain PAHs.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) has been proposed as a marker of alcohol abuse. However, its value in patients with associated liver disease is still controversial. The aim of the study was to investigate the usefulness of CDT as a marker of alcohol consumption in patients with liver disease. We measured serum levels of CDT and those of commonly used hematological and biochemical markers, mean corpuscular volume (MCV), transaminases (AST and ALT), and gamma-glutamyltransferase in 179 male subjects divided into four groups: 45 active drinkers (13 with normal liver, 21 with fibrosteatosis, and 11 with liver cirrhosis), 45 abstinent chronic alcoholics (18 with and 27 without liver disease), 58 patients with nonalcoholic liver disease, and 31 healthy controls. Serum CDT in active alcoholics was 37.5 +/- 3.6 units/liter, being significantly higher than that of abstinent alcoholics (20.3 +/- 1.5 units/liter), patients with nonalcoholic liver disease (18.1 +/- 1.1 units/liter), and controls (13.1 +/- 0.8 units/liter). Contrary to the other markers, no significant differences were observed in CDT values in relation with the presence and severity of liver disease in either the active drinkers or in the abstinent alcoholics. The sensitivity and specificity of CDT as a marker of alcoholism in the series as a whole was 64% and 82%, respectively, similar to the best conventional marker, MCV (64 and 82%). In patients with liver disease, CDT maintained good sensitivity (72%) and specificity (83%). Receiver operating characteristic analysis confirmed that CDT had a similar diagnostic value to that of MCV, but better than gamma-glutamyl-transferase and transaminases for the detection of alcohol abusers. The good diagnostic efficacy of CDT remained unchanged when analyzing only patients with liver disease. We conclude that serum CDT is a good marker of alcoholism and is less influenced than the currently used biochemical markers for associated liver disease. Thus, CDT is an effective laboratory test to detect alcohol abuse regardless of the presence of alcoholic liver disease.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between changes in resting and ambulatory blood pressures induced by dietary salt restriction in 90 young normotensive men. METHODS: Subjects were given a standardized low-salt diet containing 20 mmol sodium chloride per day for 14 days. To this diet, a daily supplement of 20 tablets of slow sodium (10 mmol NaCl per tablet) or placebo was added in a randomized single-blind cross-over fashion for 7 days. The ambulatory blood pressure was measured on the sixth day and the resting blood pressure was measured on the seventh day of each dietary period. RESULTS: Although salt intake did not affect blood pressure levels in the whole group, the response of the blood pressure was quite variable among individual subjects. Salt-induced changes in resting systolic (r = 0.30, P = 0.006) and mean (r = 0.27, P = 0.014) blood pressures, but not diastolic blood pressure, were correlated positively to changes in daytime ambulatory blood pressure. The changes in resting systolic and mean blood pressures were also correlated significantly to the nocturnal falls in systolic (r = 0.26, P = 0.015) and mean (r = 0.27, P = 0.012) blood pressure levels and heart rate (r = 0.26, P= 0.015) under the high-salt diet. Diet-induced changes in resting mean blood pressure were correlated significantly to the daytime ambulatory blood pressure (r = 0.30, P < 0.005) and the resting heart rate (r = 0.24, P < 0.02) under the high-salt diet. CONCLUSION: Salt-induced changes in resting blood pressure in young normotensive men are correlated positively to changes in ambulatory daytime blood pressure levels as well as to the daytime ambulatory blood pressure and the nocturnal fall in blood pressure under a high-salt diet. These findings suggest that dietary salt-intake restriction can lower both resting and daytime ambulatory blood pressure levels in some normotensive individuals who may be predisposed to the development of hypertension. 
Alveolar breath sampling was used to assess trihalomethane (THM) exposures encountered by collegiate swimmers during a typical 2-hr training period in an indoor natatorium. The breath samples were collected at regular intervals before, during, and for 3 hr after a moderately intense training workout. Integrated and grab whole-air samples were collected during the training period to help determine inhalation exposures, and pool water samples were collected to help assess dermal exposures. Resulting breath samples collected during the workout demonstrated a rapid uptake of two THMs (chloroform and bromodichloromethane), with chloroform concentrations exceeding the natatorium air levels within 8 min after the exposure began. Chloroform levels continued to rise steeply until they were more than two times the indoor levels, providing evidence that the dermal route of exposure was relatively rapid and ultimately more important than the inhalation route in this training scenario. Chloroform elimination after the exposure period was fitted to a three compartment model that allowed estimation of compartmental half-lives, resulting minimum bloodborne dose, and an approximation of the duration of elevated body burdens. We estimated the dermal exposure route to account for 80% of the blood chloroform concentration and the transdermal diffusion efficiency from the water to the blood to in excess of 2%. Bromodichloromethane elimination was fitted to a two compartment model which provided evidence of a small, but measurable, body burden of this THM resulting from vigorous swim training. These results suggest that trihalomethane exposures for competitive swimmers under prolonged, high-effort training are common and possibly higher than was previously thought and that the dermal exposure route is dominant. The exposures and potential risks associated with this common recreational activity should be more thoroughly investigated.
The homogeneity of drug concentrations in skeletal muscle was assessed in eight fatal overdoses. Ten to 30 random samples were taken from leg muscle weighing 1,650 to 7,985 g. For cases involving paracetamol the mean muscle-to-blood ratio ranged from 0.1 to 1.1 (n = 4) for amitriptyline 1.1 to 3.6 (n = 3), and for dothiepin 0.8 to 2.1 (n = 2). The coefficient of variance was large for all drugs, ranging from 10.5 (carbamazepine) to 50 (thioridazine). Skeletal muscle is not homogeneous with respect to drug concentrations in fatal overdose cases. Of 16 instances of drug detection in blood 2 (nortriptyline and promethazine) were not detected in muscle. Muscle-to-blood drug ratios varied significantly among cases, possibly influenced by survival time after drug ingestion. Quantitative interpretations of muscle drug levels present significant difficulties. However, skeletal muscle can be used for qualitative corroboration of blood analyses and is a suitable specimen for drug detection where none other is available.
Behavioral impairment as a consequence of PCB exposure beginning in utero has been reported in both humans and animals. The present study assessed the behavioral consequences of postnatal exposure to PCBs. Male monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) were dosed from birth to 20 weeks of age with 7.5 micrograms/kg/day of a PCB mixture representative of the PCBs typically found in human breast milk (8 monkeys) or vehicle (5 monkeys). At 20 weeks of age, PCB levels in fat and blood of treated monkeys were 1.7-3.6 ppm and 2-3 ppb respectively. Beginning at three years of age, monkeys were tested on a series of nonspatial discrimination reversal problems followed by a spatial delayed alternation task. Treated monkeys exhibited decreased median response latencies and variable increases in mean response latencies across the three tasks of the nonspatial discrimination reversal. There were no group differences on accuracy of performance, although some treated individuals made more mistakes at the beginning of the experiment than did control monkeys. On the delayed alteration task, the PCB-exposed group displayed retarded acquisition of the task and increased errors at short delay values, which were tested at the beginning of the experiment. There was no increase in the total number of errors in treated monkeys at long delay values. Treated monkeys engaged in more perseverative responding than controls over the entire course of the experiment, in some instances even in the absence of an increase in overall error rate. These findings are interpreted as a learning/performance decrement rather than an effect on spatial memory per se. The results of this study suggest that PCB exposure which is limited to the early postnatal period and results in environmentally-relevant body burdens produces long-term behavioral impairment.
The recommendations for the dietary allowance of iodine are 150 micrograms per day for adolescents and adults. Thyrotropin (TSH) and thyroglobulin (Tg) can be used as surveillance indicators for assessing iodine deficiency disorders. We compared the relation between TSH and Tg, free triiodothyronine, and thyroxine serum levels with urinary iodine excretion in 2311 untreated euthyroid patients using our modified cericarsenite method. An adequate iodine intake may be assumed when TSH and Tg values are at the lower end of the normal range. Patients were grouped according to urinary iodine excretion and goiter size. In the group with an iodine excretion between 201 and 300 micrograms of iodine per gram of creatinine, the lowest TSH values and even low Tg levels could be shown. We conclude that an iodine intake of approximately 250 micrograms/day is associated with the lowest TSH stimulation to thyrocytes. In the groups separated according to thyroid size, significantly higher Tg levels were found in the patients with uninodular and multinodular goiter as a result of longstanding iodine deficiency, whereas actual urinary iodine excretion did not differ significantly. Additionally, iodine excretion of 39,913 euthyroid patients between 1984 was 1996 was examined. In Austria iodized salt (10 mg KI/kg) was introduced by law in 1963 and increased to 20 mg KI/kg salt in 1990. An initial increase of iodine excretion until 1993 was followed by a decrease in 1994 and 1995 without further changes in 1996. These results show that iodine intake has improved since 1984; however, in 1996 iodine excretion in one-third of the investigated patients was under 100 micrograms per gram of creatinine and more than 80% had less than 200 micrograms per gram of creatinine.
In this study, the reproducibility of color Doppler duplex sonography for repeated measurements of renal blood flow was evaluated in 14 healthy subjects. We examined the reproducibility for different examiners and different time intervals between the examinations. Doppler frequency sonograms were analyzed with several parameters, and statistical evaluation was performed by calculating both the correlation coefficient (r) and coefficient of variation (CV). Peak systolic velocity (S), early diastolic velocity (D1) and mean velocity (MV) showed good reproducibility (r = 0.902-0.992, CV = 2.15-8.16%). On the other hand, end-diastolic velocity (D2), acceleration time (AT) and acceleration index (AI) showed poor reproducibility. We conclude that the reproducibility of this method is acceptable for repeated measurements of renal blood velocity, using suitable parameters S, D1 and MV.
Studies on short-term renal responses to (pharmacological) intervention require accurate and multiple collection of urine samples. Several invasive techniques have been described for frequent urine collection of the conscious rat, each having their own limitations. No data are available about the feasibility of the spontaneously voiding, freely moving rat for this purpose. In the present study, bladder voidings of six rats were time-registered and collected separately for several days. The data show a considerable 24-h variation coefficient of both the voided volume and the bladder collection time with a poor correlation between the two parameters. Forced diuresis induced by continuous i.v. infusion (2 ml/h) increased the frequency of urine voiding and thus the time-resolution of the urine-production pattern. However, this method failed to reduce the variation coefficient of the voided volume, the collection time, and the correlation between the two parameters. The fact that variations in creatinine excretion paralleled the variation in urinary flow suggests that both phenomena are likely be due to incomplete bladder emptying. Correction for this incomplete bladder collection, using the creatinine excretion, indeed reduced the variation coefficient of sodium excretion successfully from 61 +/- 17% to 29 +/- 5% during normal diuresis and from 56 +/- 19% to 22 +/- 6% during forced diuresis. In conclusion, the spontaneously voiding, freely moving rat can be used for short-term renal response studies if the collected urine samples are corrected for incomplete bladder emptying using urinary creatinine concentrations. This procedure allows the detection of changes in a urinary parameter if this exceeds a 40% deviation of the normal value.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) have become an ubiquitous upper soil component as a consequence of industrialization involving a multitude of combustion processes. Ingestion of PAH contaminated soil is considered to be a major exposure route, specifically for small children living on these soils. Health risk assessment is based on extrapolations from data obtained via studies performed with pure chemicals. Additionally it is assumed that after oral intake all PAH present in the soil will be absorbed by the human body. Interactions with the soil matrix, however, may modulate the bioavailability of PAH. In this study, we examined the absorption and excretion of PAH in rats orally exposed either to industrially contaminated soils or pure model compounds as anthracene, pyrene and benzo(a)pyrene (B[a]P). The model compounds and the metabolites, 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-pyrene) and 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene (3-OH-B[a]P), were measured in blood, feces or urine by means of HPLC with fluorescence detection. Because of rapid biotransformation only minimal levels of unmetabolized anthracene, pyrene and B[a]P in blood could be detected. The pharmacokinetic parameters were nonlinear and suggestive of enterohepatic cycling. Only low levels of the compounds were excreted unchanged in feces whereas the levels of the metabolites were considerably higher in feces and urine. These results indicate that the dosed PAH are largely absorbed by the gastrointestinal tract, subsequently metabolized and excreted as metabolites via urine and feces. Significant differences between the soil-treated group and the pure mixture-treated group could be observed; the soil-treated group showed higher fecal excretion of unchanged pyrene (0.5 versus 0.2% of the original dose) and B[a]P (1 versus 0.3%), lower excretion of 1-OH-pyrene in feces (5.1 versus 17. 0%), and lower excretion of 1-OH-pyrene in urine (0.2 versus 3.4%). The fecal excretion of 3-OH-B[a]P between the two groups was similar (8.8 versus 8.8%). These results suggest that the soil matrix is capable of reducing the absorption of at least pyrene. Therefore, exposure risk assessment models assuming complete bioavailability of soilmatrix-bound PAH probably overestimate the endogenous dose.
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the "spot" method of determining fractional excretion (FE) of electrolytes in cats is accurate. ANIMALS: 5 clinically normal young adult female cats. PROCEDURE: Cats were acclimated to metabolism cages, and 2 consecutive 72-hour collections of urine were made to determine FE of total calcium, potassium, total magnesium, sodium, and phosphorus by conventional methods, using endogenous creatinine clearance as an estimate of glomerular filtration rate. During collections, small samples of urine were obtained by cystocentesis at 8 AM, 3 PM, and 9 PM for determination of FE of the electrolytes by use of the "spot" method. RESULTS: Values from "spot" determinations were highly variable, compared with 72-hour values, with a high percentage falling outside the range of mean +/- 2 SD for 72-hour FE values. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: The "spot" method for determining FE is not precise, and if used, caution and judgement should be exercised in interpretation of the results. 
PC-1 and PC-2 are hypervariable mouse minisatellites. The rates of spontaneous germline-length mutation have been shown to vary between different mouse strains. PC-1 is composed of GGCAG repeat units and PC-2 of GGCAGGA. Minisatellites frequently mutate by gaining or losing repeat units. Such length mutations in mini- and microsatellites have been associated with human disease and may therefore be an important endpoint in genetic toxicity testing. Carcinogenic activity of many chemicals is associated with their ability to induce heritable mutations. Since minisatellites are highly prone to mutate to new lengths, which can be assayed by Southern analysis, we used this method to detect heritable genetic effects in mice. Male mice exposed to diesel exhausts and/or polychlorinted biphenyls (PCB) were investigated for effects on the germline mutation frequenallele lengths in parents and offspring. For PC-1 significantly higher mutation frequencies were found in males treated with diesel exhausts + PCB (6 of 35 alleles) and with PCB alone (6 of 51 alleles) as compared to the males in the control group (0 of 43 alleles). The mutation frequency in the diesel exhaust group was not significantly increased (2 of 43 alleles). For PC-2 the only mutation found occurred in the PCB group (1 of 51 alleles). This in vivo study demonstrates--for the first time--chemically induced minisatellite mutations in the germline.
To quantify the degree of fear of self-injecting insulin and self-testing of blood glucose in adult insulin-treated diabetic patients, the Diabetes Fear of Injecting and Self-testing Questionnaire (D-FISQ) was developed. The D-FISQ is a 30-item self-report questionnaire consisting of two subscales that measure Fear of Self-Injecting (FSI) and Fear of Self-Testing (FST). To test validity and internal consistency, the D-FISQ was administered to a sample of 266 insulin-treated patients (Type 1 and Type 2); four diagnosed injection phobic insulin-requiring diabetic patients also completed the D-FISQ. The minimal score was obtained on the subscales by 62% (FSI) and 57% (FST) of the population. The D-FISQ demonstrated high internal consistency, with Cronbach's as of 0.94 (D-FISQ), 0.94 (FSI), and 0.90 (FST). Spearman rho between fear of self-injecting and fear of self-testing was 0.59 (p < 0.001), justifying two separate subscales. Construct validity was confirmed by a correlation of 0.44 with Spielbergers Trait Anxiety Inventory (Spearman rho, p < 0.001). FSI-scores from the injection phobic patients were all > or =95th percentile, while three scored > or =95% on FST, indicating discriminative validity. Results confirm homogeneity and validity of the D-FISQ and suggest usefulness of this instrument in both clinical practice and research.
Increased dietary fibre intake is a component of prudent dietary advice, although the mechanism of its beneficial effect is unclear. Furthermore, plasma lipoprotein response to dietary fibre seems to vary both between individuals and according to the type of fibre consumed. Two common genetic variants, A54 and T54, of the intestinal fatty acid-binding protein gene (FABP2) have different in vitro binding affinities for long-chain fatty acids. We have hypothesized that variation in FABP2 would be associated with interindividual variation in the response of plasma lipoproteins to either dietary soluble or insoluble fibre. We studied 43 subjects who participated in a year-long cross-over study of the effect of insoluble and soluble fibre on plasma lipoproteins. We tested for associations between FABP2 genotypes and the response of plasma lipoproteins to dietary fibre. When compared with subjects homozygous for FABP2 A54, we found that subjects with FABP2 T54 had significantly greater decreases in plasma total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and apoB during the period when the diet was high in soluble fibre than during the period when the diet was high in insoluble fibre. Furthermore, compared with subjects with the FABP2 A54 allele, subjects with the FABP2 T54 allele had significantly lower secretion of total fecal bile acids, but this did not increase with dietary soluble fibre. Genetic variation in FABP2 may thus contribute to interindividual variation in the response of plasma lipoproteins to different dietary fibres, but the mechanism does not appear to be related to increases in fecal bile acid secretion.
Changes in vitamin B-6 status indicators were evaluated in vitamin B-6-replete subjects. Ten young women consumed diets providing 85 g protein/d and 1.03, 1.33, 1.73, and 2.39 mg vitamin B-6/d for 12 or 15 d during four successive diet periods; in a second study, six women were fed diets providing 85 g protein/d and 0.84, 1.14, and 2.34 mg vitamin B-6/d for 10 or 12 d during three successive diet periods. Vitamin B-6 status indicators showing significant differences among intakes included urinary excretion of 4-pyridoxic acid and total vitamin B-6, pyridoxal 5'-phosphate and total vitamin B-6 in plasma, and xanthurenic acid excretion after a 2-g L-tryptophan load. Significant correlations were found between vitamin B-6 intake and 4-pyridoxic acid, total vitamin B-6, plasma pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, plasma total vitamin B-6, erythrocyte alanine aminotransferase percentage stimulation and postload excretion of xanthurenic acid and volatile amines (kynurenine plus acetylkynurenine). Depending on the indicator, between 20% and 70% of the subjects had inadequate values for 4-pyridoxic acid, total vitamin B-6, plasma pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, and erythrocyte alanine aminotransferase percentage stimulation at a vitamin B-6 intake of 1.33 mg/d (0.016 mg vitamin B-6/g protein). A ratio of dietary vitamin B-6 to protein > 0.016 mg/g is required for adequate vitamin B-6 status in women.
Activation of the hypothalamus-pituitary-interrenal (HPI) axis is characteristic of stress responses, which may result from a variety of environmental challenges. To investigate whether the stress response, and in particular the HPI axis, in tilapia (Oreochromis mossambicus) is compromised by short-term exposure to PCB 126, fish of both sexes were fed diets containing PCB 126 (50 microg/kg fish . day) for 5 days. In the first approach, which was performed twice, fish were acutely stressed for periods varying between 1 and 30 min at the end of the exposure period; in the second approach fish were sampled at the end of the exposure period either at rest or after 2 h of stress (confinement). After 5 days, the body weights in all experiments were significantly lower in PCB-fed fish than in control fish. There were no changes in basal plasma glucose levels, plasma ion concentrations, or branchial, renal, and intestinal Na,K-ATPase activity following PCB exposure. In the first experimental approach, in which fish experienced acute sampling stress, plasma cortisol levels reached lower levels in PCB-fed fish than in controls. This suggests an impaired ability to acutely activate interrenal steroidogenesis in PCB-treated tilapia. Adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH)- and cAMP-stimulated in vitro cortisol release from superfused head kidneys was lower in tissues from tilapia exposed to PCB 126 than in tissues from control animals. This effect persisted after 24 h in vitro, which, together with the high PCB 126 concentrations measured in the head kidneys of PCB-fed fish, may indicate direct toxic effects on the interrenal cells. The second experimental approach demonstrated that basal plasma cortisol and ACTH levels were not influenced by PCB treatment, but that the basal ACTH content of the rostral pars distalis (RPD) of the pituitary gland of PCB-fed fish was lower than that of control fish. After 2 h confinement, plasma cortisol levels and ACTH content of the RPD rose to similar values in both groups, whereas plasma ACTH levels were higher in confined PCB-fed fish than in confined controls. PCB-fed fish showed a lower hyperglycemic response to confinement than control fish. Confinement resulted in similarly elevated renal and intestinal Na,K-ATPase activities in both PCB-fed and control fish; branchial enzyme activities were not affected. Since PCB did not affect Na,K-ATPase activities and plasma ion concentrations, it is concluded that the effects of PCB 126 on the HPI axis in tilapia are not secondary to ionoregulatory dysfunction.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects on lipid levels, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure of two diets rich in one of the two quantitatively most important saturated fatty acids, stearic and palmitic acid, with a carbohydrate-rich diet in NIDDM patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 15 NIDDM patients participated in a randomized crossover study with three 3-week diet interventions separated by 2-week washout periods. Patients started with a diet rich in stearic acid (44 E% [percent of total energy] fat [13 E% stearic acid], 40 E% carbohydrate, 15 E% protein), palmitic acid (45 E% fat [16 E% palmitic acid], 40 E% carbohydrate, 15 E% protein), or carbohydrate (29 E% fat, 51 E% carbohydrate, and 18 E% protein), then were shifted to the other two diets in a randomized block design. At the start and end of each intervention period, fasting blood samples were drawn for analysis of lipids and blood glucose. In addition, diurnal blood pressure was measured. RESULTS: At the end of the 3-week interventions, total cholesterol was significantly higher after the palmitic acid-rich diet than after the stearic acid-rich or carbohydrate-rich diets (5.3 +/- 1.3 vs. 5.0 +/- 1.2 and 4.9 +/- 1.2 mmol/l, respectively; P = 0.03). No significant differences in triglyceride, LDL, or HDL cholesterol levels were seen after the three intervention diets. No difference in effects between the diet periods were seen for fructosamine, HbA1c, fasting blood glucose, or diurnal blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: For the first time, it has been demonstrated that a diet rich in palmitic acid was not as effective in lowering cholesterol levels as carbohydrate-rich and stearic acid-rich diets in NIDDM patients. No deleterious effects were seen on diurnal blood pressure, triglyceride levels, and glycemic control. Development of foods containing stearic acid rather than the more atherogenic saturated fatty acids may allow a wider choice of acceptable foods to NIDDM patients. 
The use of self-reported blood in urine and schistosomiasis by school children was investigated as a tool to estimate the prevalence of infection with Schistosoma haematobium and to identify infected individuals. A general questionnaire about common health problems, including questions about blood in urine and schistosomiasis, was administered by teachers to 25443 children in 137 primary schools in Muheza District, Tanzania. The prevalence of reported schistosomiasis was calculated for each school and used to select 15 schools across a range in prevalence. All children in the 15 schools (n = 2370) were interviewed again by a nurse and gave a urine sample which was subjected to a quantitative microscopical examination for the eggs of S. haematobium by filtration. The prevalence of reported schistosomiasis by the interview in the 15 schools correlated strongly with the prevalence reported during the questionnaire survey. The prevalence of reported schistosomiasis in the interview was strongly correlated with the prevalence of infection determined by microscopy and consistently under-estimated the latter by around 20% across a range in prevalence from 22% to 93%. The sensitivity of diagnosis by an interview increased almost linearly with the prevalence of infection, so that when the prevalence was high, more infected children reported schistosomiasis. The percentage of children who were correct in their self-diagnosis was independent of the prevalence of infection and of the mean concentration of eggs in urine, and averaged 75%. These findings suggest that self-reported schistosomiasis is a useful method to estimate the prevalence of infection in schools and might be used to identify infected individuals.
The relationship between soy product intake and serum total cholesterol concentration was examined in 1242 men and 3596 women who participated in an annual health check-up program in Takayama City, Japan, provided by the municipality in 1992. The intake of soy products and various foods and nutrients was assessed by a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Blood samples were collected from fasting subjects to measure the serum total cholesterol concentration. A significant trend (P for trend = 0. 0001) was observed for decreasing total cholesterol concentration with an increasing intake of soy products in men after controlling for age, smoking status and intake of total energy, total protein and total fat. This negative trend (P for trend = 0.0001) was also noted in women after controlling for age, menopausal status, body mass index and intake of total energy and vitamin C. An additional adjustment for physical activity, coffee and tea consumption, and intake of cholesterol, carbohydrates, fiber and vitamin E did not change the results. These data suggest a role for soy products in human cholesterol homeostasis.
Polychlorinated dibenzodioxins (PCDDs), Polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are among the most toxic environmental pollutants. We determined blood levels of these compounds in a population sample of the city of Matar, Spain. Blood samples were drawn from a randomly selected sample of 198 subjects, of both genders, aged 18 to 69 years. These samples were pooled into 10 groups for laboratory analysis. For males, total level of PCDDs was 505.7 ppt, of PCDFs was 26.7 ppt, and the international toxic equivalent (I-TEQ) was 12.5. For females the levels were 739 ppt, 28.8 ppt and 14.71-TEQ, respectively. The most important contributors to the total I-TEQ were HexaCDD, PentaCDD and PentaCDF. The blood concentration of total PCBs was 2.02 mg/l in males, and 1.58 mg/l in females. Levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs increased by age in both sexes. The levels of PCDDs and PCDFs in residents of this Mediterranean city are among the lowest observed in industrialized countries.
Phenobarbital (PB), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and chlordane (CLD) increase liver tumor incidences in rodents, and all are tumor promoters. Most indirect tests for DNA reactivity, including mutagenicity and chromosomal damage, have been negative with these agents. Consequently, the modes of action for tumorigenesis by these compounds are not believed to involve direct DNA reactivity; however, only limited information from direct tests is available for the lack of DNA adduct formation. PB, PCBs, and CLD were tested for DNA adduct formation in the liver of male and female B6C3F1 mice after either single or 2-week dietary exposures. Single gavage dose levels were as follows: PB, 200 mg/kg; PCBs, 50 mg/kg; and CLD, 50 mg/kg. Dietary dose levels were as follows: PB, 1000 ppm; PCBs, 200 ppm and CLD, 200 ppm. Animals were killed 24 h following the end of test-substance administration. DNA was extracted from the liver, and DNA adduct concentrations were enriched using either 1-butanol extraction of adducted nucleotides or nuclease P1 digestion of unadducted nucleotides. Using this protocol, none of the three test compounds produced DNA adducts detected by 32P-postlabeling. Similar negative results were obtained for DNA from the livers of both male and female mice receiving either single or 2-week exposures. The two positive controls, benzidine for the 1-butanol extraction procedure and 2-acetylaminofluorene for the nuclease P1 procedure, showed the expected patterns of DNA adducts. These results support the conclusion that the carcinogenicity of PB, PCBs, and CLD in experimental animals is not the result of direct DNA reactivity, but involves epigenetic mechanisms.
Chloroform (TCM), a water disinfection by-product, induced liver tumors in female mice when administered by gavage in corn oil but not when given in drinking water at comparable daily doses. Because short-term studies showed that the gavage doses also induced liver toxicity, it has been suggested that the liver tumor response occurs secondary to cytotoxicity and consequent regenerative hyperplasia induced by oxidative metabolism of TCM to the toxic dihalocarbonyl intermediate. This study compares dose-response relationships of gavage-administered chlorinated/brominated trihalomethanes for hepatotoxicity, replicative DNA synthesis, and hepatocarcinogenicity in female B6C3F1 mice. The liver tumor data were obtained from previously published studies. Because bromine is a better leaving group than chlorine, metabolism of bromodichloromethane (BDCM) should produce the same intermediates as would be formed from TCM. Hence, the toxicity and carcinogenicity of BDCM was expected to be qualitatively similar to that of TCM. Dose responses for liver weight, serum sorbitol dehydrogenase and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) activities, hepatocyte degeneration, and hepatocyte labeling index (LI, a measure of replicative DNA synthesis) in female mice were similar following 3 weeks of gavage administration (once per day, 5 days per week) with TCM, BDCM, or chlorodibromomethane (CDBM). Fits of composite data for these trihalomethanes to a Hill equation model revealed sigmoidal dose responses for ALT activity and hepatocyte LI and a nearly linear low-dose response for liver tumor incidence. For this family of chemicals, the mouse liver tumor response was not associated with an elevated hepatocyte LI at doses of approximately 1 mmol/kg or less. High incidences of liver tumors were observed with BDCM and CDBM at doses that had a marginal effect or no effect on the hepatocyte LI. Thus, the carcinogenic effects of trihalomethanes are not simply a consequence of cytotoxicity and regenerative hyperplasia. The possible contributions from other activation pathways, including GSH conjugation and reductive metabolism, need to be considered in assessments of the carcinogenicity of the trihalomethanes.
The role of GH-binding protein (GHBP) in growth regulation is still under debate. We investigated 29 prepubertal healthy children (13 girls/16 boys; mean age 9.3 y to study intraindividual variation in serum GHBP and to explore whether any such variation was related to changes in IGF-I, IGF-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) or urinary excretion of GH. The relationship between changes in GHBP concentrations, short-term height velocity, and changes in body composition was also studied. Blood samples were taken every month for 1 y, for measurements of GHBP, IGF-I, and IGFBP-3. The mean coefficient of variation in monthly GHBP concentrations in individual children was 18% (range, 6.7-33.0%). The values for each child were normalized by expressing the concentration as a ratio to the mean GHBP concentration. GHBP values were highest in January and lowest in August (22% difference). Maximal monthly changes in GHBP correlated with simultaneous changes in weight (rs = 0.38, p < 0.05) and IGF-I (rs = 0.38, p < 0.05). The mean GHBP concentration during the year correlated with height velocity (rs = 0.37, p < 0.05) and the mean serum concentration of IGF-I (rs = 0.42, p < 0.05) and IGFBP-3 (rs = 0.60, p < 0.001). We conclude that there is a significant monthly variation in GHBP concentrations in healthy prepubertal boys and girls, which is correlated to changes in weight and IGF-I. The mean GHBP concentration during the year is correlated with the mean serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-3, and with height velocity. Thus, the variation in GHBP concentrations appears to mirror GH sensitivity, because no parallel changes in urinary GH excretion were observed.
The term "horse-racing effect" refers to a positive correlation between the slope at which blood pressure increases with age and blood pressure level at a baseline. Previous studies have reported such an effect in adults, while studies in children have found a negative correlation (termed "the Jenss effect"). These studies used analytic methods in which it was assumed that the blood pressure slopes were constant or the blood pressure profiles were linear. In this study, the authors used a components-of-variance approach that did not require this assumption in order to model serial blood pressure measurements made in 216 US preschool children (mean age at first analyzable blood pressure observation, 58.9 months) at 6-13 visits over a 3-year period (1986-1989). Measurements were made using an automated blood pressure monitor. Values from the second and third measures at each visit were averaged to obtain each observation. Data from 2,203 blood pressure observations were available for analysis. For the full group, over the mean period of observation of 21.1 months, the mean rate of increase was 3.45 mmHg/year for systolic blood pressure and 0.06 mmHg/year for diastolic blood pressure. In the authors' model, 33 percent of the total marginal variability in systolic blood pressure was attributed to random error (visit-to-visit variability); average (constant) subject-specific difference from the population slope accounted for 42 percent, and a nonlinear component of variability around the subject-specific average accounted for the remaining 25 percent. All three components were statistically significant. Models which assumed that the slopes were constant did not fit these data, and fitting these models to the data led to an artifactual negative correlation between subject-specific slopes and intercepts. An implication of this is that the concepts of "horse-racing" and "the Jenss phenomenon," which have been operationalized by testing the covariance of the subject-specific slopes and intercepts using models which assume that the blood pressure slopes are constant over time, should not be applied to data that contain this nonlinear component of variance.
Isothiocyanates (ITCs) are a family of biologically active compounds that are distributed widely in cruciferous vegetables. Although studies in rodents have shown that these compounds are effective and versatile inhibitors of tumorigenesis, the role of dietary ITCs in the protection against human cancers remains to be established. A prerequisite of human studies is to develop an uptake biomarker for dietary ITCs. In this study, we describe a rapid high-performance liquid chromatography-based assay to measure the total ITC level in human urine. This assay is based on a previously described reaction of ITCs or their thiol conjugates with 1,2-benzenedithiol to yield a cyclocondensation product, 1,3-benzodithiole-2-thione, which then can be quantified by reverse phase high-performance liquid chromatography with UV detection. This new assay was validated by analyzing urine samples from 14 subjects who had consumed a known amount of watercress or brown mustard in a controlled experiment. The N-acetylcysteine conjugates of phenethyl ITC and allyl ITC from watercress and brown mustard, respectively, were quantified and compared with the results obtained from the current assay. Results of the two methods were highly correlated (r = 0.978), indicating the specificity of this new assay for dietary ITCs. The feasibility of this assay for population-based studies was examined using stored urine samples collected from nine participants of a prospective cohort study in Shanghai, China, who indicated that they were daily consumers of dark green vegetables. There was a 10-fold variation in urinary ITC contents among these samples, ranging from 0.7 to 7.0 micromol/g creatinine. These results show the potential use of this uptake biomarker in epidemiological studies to identify the role of dietary ITCs in modifying cancer risks in humans.
Coke-oven workers are exposed to high concentrations of coke-oven emissions, which are comprised mainly of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. We conducted a pilot study to determine the time changes in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) concentrations, as a metabolite of pyrene, in coke-oven workers after exposure to a benzene-soluble fraction (BSF) of total particulates. Thirteen subjects, including 2 men (referents) from an administrative area, 6 workers who work at the sideoven, and 5 who work on the top of the oven in one coke-oven plant were studied. After 1.5 to 2 days off, subjects were monitored individually for breathing zone air BSF over 3 consecutive days in August 1995. Seven spot urine samples, including preshift and postshift urine over 3 days and preshift urine on a fourth-day morning, were collected to determine 1-OHP concentrations by fluorescent spectrophotometry. The mean ambient BSF concentrations in the sideoven and topside oven workers ranged from 18 to 159 microg/m3 and from 251 to 1362 microg/ m3, respectively, whereas the BSF concentrations in the referents were low but detectable (11 and 29 microg/m3). Urinary 1-OHP concentrations increased during the work period, from 10+/-3 and 41+/-9 microg/g creatinine (mean+/-SE) on the preshift first day to 57+/-26 and 334+/-63 microg/g creatinine on the postshift third day in the sideoven and topside oven workers, respectively. However, the urinary 1-OHP concentrations were relatively flat in the two referents. The across-shift change in urinary 1-OHP defined as postshift 1-OHP on the third day minus preshift 1-OHP on the first day was highly associated with individual mean occupational exposure to air BSF (r = 0.80, P = 0.001). Repeated-measures regression analyses revealed that daily postshift 1-OHP concentrations were marginally associated with daily air BSF. A 10-fold increase of daily air BSF resulted in a 1.67-fold increase of daily postshift 1-OHP levels (95% confidence interval = 0.99-2.83; P = 0.07). After adjusting for daily preshift 1-OHP concentrations, we found that a 10-fold increase of daily air BSF resulted in a 1.90-fold increase of daily postshift 1-OHP levels (95% confidence interval = 1.10-3.28; P = 0.03). Although the sample size is small in this study, these results indicate that daily postshift 1-OHP levels in urine are determined mainly by current occupational exposure to coke-oven emissions.
PURPOSE: Previous studies of maternal caffeine use and pregnancy outcome have relied on self-reported use. Even if these were perfectly accurate, inter-individual differences in caffeine metabolism result in a relatively weak correlation between caffeine intake and serum concentration. The purpose of this study was to determine whether the serum concentration of caffeine or its primary metabolite, paraxanthine, obtained at an unknown time during working hours, is useful to distinguish between pregnant women who report consuming small and large amounts of caffeine. METHODS: We selected from the Birmingham fetal growth study 60 women with normal pregnancy outcomes who reported consuming < or = 0.8 mg/kg/day of caffeine in a 24-hour dietary recall, 60 who consumed 0.81-2.5 mg/kg/day, 60 who consumed 2.51-5.0 mg/kg/day and 59 who consumed > or = 5.01 mg/kg/day. These women had serum drawn for storage during regular clinic hours on the same day as the recall interview. Caffeine and paraxanthine were measured in the stored serum using high performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: The weighted kappa coefficient between strata of caffeine intake and quartiles of serum paraxanthine was 0.58 among smokers and 0.53 among nonsmokers, versus 0.44 and 0.51, respectively, for quartiles of serum caffeine. The Pearson correlation coefficient between intake and paraxanthine was 0.50 for smokers and 0.53 for nonsmokers, and 0.37 and 0.51, respectively, for serum caffeine. These values are comparable to the correlation between reported smoking and serum cotinine in pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The serum concentrations of paraxanthine, and to a lesser degree, caffeine are useful to distinguish between women with varying levels of caffeine intake. 
A method for the qualitative analysis of various metabolites of naphthalene, phenanthrene and pyrene is presented. The method uses SPME with a 85-microm polyacrylate fibre for extraction, headspace silylation with BSTFA without any catalyst for on-fibre derivatisation and GC-MS in the SIR mode for separation and detection. The suitability of the method for profile analysis of PAH metabolites is shown by analysing a smokers urine after enzymatic cleavage (and additionally after spiking with the target analytes) and spiked water. The method exhibits satisfactory separation of all investigated metabolites and no interferences due to matrix peaks.
OBJECTIVE: We studied whether the validity of fat estimates from food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) can be increased by using in nutrient calculation an additional qualitative information about the type of fat and reduced consumption of visible fat and skin. DESIGN: A random sample of women answered an 88-item self-administered FFQ and performed 4 x 1-week weighed dietary records (DR). SETTING: Uppsala County in central Sweden. SUBJECTS: One hundred and eighty-four women aged 30-77 y, with FFQ and complete DR; 73 women with subcutaneous adipose tissue (AT) samples. METHODS: Fat intake from the FFQ was calculated with/without use of qualitative information and compared to DR and fat composition of AT. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Estimates of long-time intake of total fat, saturated, monounsaturated, polyunsaturated fat and ten specific fatty acids based on FFQ, DR and composition of AT. RESULTS: Mean absolute fat intake estimates based on FFQ (without vs with use of additional fat information) were 21.2 vs 20.2 g/d for saturated, 17.1 vs 16.0 g/d for monounsaturated and 7.3 vs 7.3 g/d for polyunsaturated fat. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the FFQ and AT for polyunsaturated fat was 0.65 vs 0.67. Corresponding correlation between the FFQ and DR was 0.40 vs 0.41; adjustment for energy intake increased this correlation from 0.40 to 0.52. CONCLUSIONS: The increase in the validity of fat estimates due to use of qualitative information about fat was negligible; energy adjustment had greater impact than asking additional questions. 
Forty schizophrenic patients treated with 50-600 mg/day of clozapine as monotherapy and 40 normal control subjects were tested for heart rate variability (HRV) which is mediated by the vagus nerve using acetylcholine as neurotransmitter. As compared to the control subjects, the patients showed essentially reduced HRV parameters which were negatively correlated with the plasma clozapine levels. Therefore, clozapine's anticholinergic effect is correlated to the plasma clozapine level when measured by the decrease of HRV. We suggest that HRV data might be useful as a predictor for plasma clozapine levels.
The variability of plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) was examined in 96 individuals over a 1-yr period. Blood tHcy concentrations varied from 7.1 micromol/L in the bottom quintile to 14.5 micromol/L in the top quintile. The mean tHcy was 10.4 micromol/L, the between-person SD was 2.5 micromol/L, and the within-person SD was 0.93 micromol/L. There was little seasonal variation, and the reliability coefficient was 0.88. Mean tHcy concentrations were inversely related to mean plasma folate (r = -0.36) and vitamin B12 (r = -0.35) concentrations. Median tHcy concentrations were approximately 1 micromol/L higher in men than in women and in older (70 to 74 years) than in younger (65 to 69 years) individuals and higher in those with the TT and CT genotypes for the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism than in those with the CC genotype (10.7 and 10.6 vs 9.6 micromol/L). Epidemiological studies based on single tHcy measurements may underestimate the magnitude of any risk associations with disease by 10-15%.
The present study aimed to assess the role of fish consumption for the body burden of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in mothers living in the Aland and Turku archipelago in Finland. The overall objective was to investigate whether there exists an appropriate population for a full-scale prospective study on PCB-related developmental effects in infants. Concentrations of the four major PCBs were determined in whole venous blood and cord blood from 30 delivering mothers, of which 20 subjects consumed fatty fish from the Baltic Sea (2.5-12.5 meals per month) and the remaining 10 mothers did not. The concentrations of CB-118, CB-138, CB-153, and CB-180 in cord blood were generally two- to threefold lower than in whole blood from the mothers, but strong correlations were observed between PCBs in the two matrices (r = .67-.80). Neither the venous blood nor cord blood concentrations of PCBs, however, were correlated with stated fish intake. Moreover, the concentration of CB-153 in plasma was only weakly associated with fish intake, and the level of organic mercury in erythrocytes was not correlated with fish intake at all. The present results of CB-153 concentrations in women's blood are lower than those reported in other recent investigations. A reasonable contributing explanation is the rapid decline during the last decades of PCB in Baltic Sea fish, which has resulted in less impact of fish intake on the body burdens of PCB in relatively young women (median 30 yr in the present study) as compared with older females. The relatively low PCB levels in blood taken together with the low number of yearly deliveries in the archipelago population makes it an inappropriate study base for a prospective study of PCB-related health effects in infants.
PAH (N-(4-aminobenzoyl)-glycin) clearance measurements have been used for 50 years in clinical research for the determination of renal plasma flow. The quantitation of PAH in plasma or urine is generally performed by colorimetric method after diazotation reaction. Although straightforward, the measurements must be corrected for the nonspecific residual response observed in blank plasma. We have therefore developed an HPLC method for the specific determination of PAH and its metabolite NAc-PAH using a gradient elution ion-pair reverse-phase chromatography with UV detection. The Nacetyltransferase (NAT-1 or NAT-2 dependent) activity does not seem clinically relevant nor does it affect notably PAH clearances, although NAc-PAH represents 10.2 +/- 2.7% of the PAH excreted unchanged in 12 healthy subjects. The performance of the HPLC technique has been compared with the colorimetric method using urine and plasma samples collected from 12 healthy volunteers following a priming dose of PAH followed by a constant rate infusion. Good correlations (r = 0.94 and 0.97, for plasma and urine respectively) are found between the results obtained with both techniques. However, the colorimetric method gives higher concentrations of PAH in urine while the concentrations in plasma are lower than those determined by HPLC. Hence, both renal (CLR = U x V/P) and systemic (CLS = Rinf/Css) clearances are systematically higher (35.1%, resp. 17.8%) with the colorimetric method. The fraction of PAH excreted by the kidney CLR/CLS calculated from HPLC data (n = 143) is, as expected, always < 1 (mean = 0.73 +/- 0.11), whereas the colorimetric method gives a mean extraction ratio of 0.87 +/- 0.13 implying unphysio-logical values (> 1) in some cases. In conclusion HPLC not only enables the simultaneous quantitation of PAH and NAc-PAH, but may also provide more accurate and precise PAH clearance measurements.
This investigation examines whether serum lipoprotein levels in patients with diabetes mellitus and in those with coronary artery disease are associated with lower heart rate variability (HRV). The study group consisted of 58 subjects divided into 3 groups: normal subjects, chronic stable angina, and type 1 diabetes. Twenty-four-hour ambulatory electrocardiographic recordings were analyzed in the time and frequency domains; standard instantaneous autonomic testing was also performed. On 24-hour ambulatory recordings, patients with chronic stable angina had significantly lower HRV than normals, and diabetics had a more marked reduction in HRV than both normals and anginal patients. When anginal patients and diabetics were stratified by total serum and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels, diabetics with elevated total and LDL cholesterol had an additional, significant decrease in HRV parameters. No such difference was demonstrated in patients with stable angina. No significant correlations were noted for high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, or total cholesterol/HDL ratio and HRV in diabetics or patient with angina. Diabetics with markedly abnormal peripheral reflexes had significantly higher triglycerides and total cholesterol/HDL ratios. Finally, standard tests of autonomic function did not correlate with total, LDL, HDL cholesterol levels, total cholesterol/HDL ratio, or triglycerides. Thus, we found a relation between atherogenic lipid levels and reduced HRV in diabetic patients that has not been previously identified.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship of objective smoking status to age, sex, longterm metabolic control, and urinary albumin excretion. Patients with type 1 diabetes who smoke are at increased risk to develop diabetic microvascular and macrovascular complications. While this has repeatedly been demonstrated in adults, smoking habits have rarely been investigated in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Urinary continine excretion has been determined by radioimmunoassay in 238 adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes. This biochemical parameter of nicotine use was related to age, to the number of cigarettes allegedly consumed per day, and to urinary albumin excretion. RESULTS: A total of 46 patients (19.3%) with urinary cotinine values > 500 ng/ml were classified as smokers. In 26 patients (10.9%), cotinine values between 100 and 500 ng/ml were found (infrequent smokers or environmental nicotine exposure), while the remaining 166 patients excreted < 100 ng/ml of cotinine in the urine (nonsmokers). Smokers were significantly older (20.2 +/- 0.6 years [mean +/- SE]) compared with the intermediate group (18.3 +/- 0.7 years) or with nonsmokers (15.9 +/- 0.4 years; P < 0.0001, Wilcoxon's signed-rank test). Of 46 smokers, 12 denied smoking cigarettes entirely, and among biochemically defined smokers, no correlation was present between urinary continine excretion and the reported number of cigarettes consumed per day. Urinary albumin excretion was significantly higher in smokers compared with nonsmokers (P < 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that cigarette smoking is common among German adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes in this study. Many patients deny nicotine use or refuse to disclose their smoking habits. Increased urinary albumin excretion is consistent with an increased risk of nephropathy in subjects with diabetes who smoke. Pediatricians in charge of adolescents with type 1 diabetes should actively discuss the risk of nicotine consumption with their patients. 
Natural and synthetic isothiocyanates (ITCs) are versatile chemopreventive agents in many animal systems. We have shown that phenethyl ITC (PEITC) and 6-phenylhexyl ITC (PHITC) are potent inhibitors against lung tumorigenesis induced by tobacco nitrosamine 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK) in both mouse and rat. The mechanism by which these ITCs inhibited lung tumorigenesis is attributed to their ability to decrease cytochrome P450 (P450) enzyme activities involved in the activation of NNK. Recently, we have found that thiol conjugates of ITCs inhibit P450 enzymes and are effective inhibitors of lung tumorigenesis. This is significant because conjugation with cellular thiols is the major route of ITC metabolism via the mercapturic acid pathway in rodents and humans. The thiol conjugates are less pungent and potentially less toxic, and they are more soluble and chemically less reactive than ITCs. These properties raise the prospect of substituting thiol conjugates for ITCs as chemopreventive agents. Furthermore, although ample rodent studies have established that ITCs inhibit tumorigenesis, the protective role of dietary ITCs against human cancers has not yet been established. As a prerequisite for such human studies, we have developed an HPLC-based assay, based on the condensation reaction of ITCs or conjugates with 1,2-benzenedithiol, for measuring a cyclocondensation product in human urine as an uptake biomarker of total ITCs. This assay was validated using urine samples from subjects who had ingested a known amount of watercress or mustard in a controlled diet. The assay is convenient and rapid, showing promise for analyzing urine samples obtained from population-based studies. Results from two such studies are presented to illustrate the potential application of this biomarker in epidemiologic studies.
For a cohort of 1189 male German former herbicide and insecticide workers with exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and -furans (PCDD/F), we report an extended standardized mortality ratio (SMR) analysis based on a new quantitative exposure index. This index characterizes the cumulative lifetime exposure by integrating the estimated concentration of PCDD/F at every point in time (area under the curve). Production department-specific dose rates were derived from blood levels and working histories of 275 workers by applying a first-order kinetic model. These dose rates were used to estimate exposure levels for all cohort members. Total mortality was elevated in the cohort; 413 deaths yielded an SMR of 1.15 (95% confidence interval [Cl] 1.05, 1.27) compared to the mortality of the population of Germany. Overall cancer mortality (n = 124) was significantly increased (SMR = 1.41, 95% Cl 1.17, 1.68). Various cancer sites showed significantly increased SMRs. The exposure index was used for an SMR analysis of total cancer mortality by dose. For 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) a significant trend (p = 0.01) for the SMRs with increasing cumulative PCDD/F exposure was observed. The SMR in the first exposure quartile (0-125.2 ng/kg x years) was 1.24 (95% Cl 0.82, 1.79), increasing to 1.73 (95% Cl 1.21, 2.40) in the last quartile (> or = 2503.0 ng/kg x years). For all congeners combined as toxic equivalencies (TEQ) using international toxic equivalency factors, a significant increase in cancer mortality was observed in the second quartile (360.9-1614.4 ng/kg x years, SMR 1.64; 95% Cl 1.13, 2.29) and the fourth quartile (> or = 5217.7 ng/kg x years TEQ, SMR 1.64, 95% Cl 1.13, 2.29). The trend test was not significant. The results justify the use of this cohort for a quantitative risk assessment for TCDD and to a lesser extent for TEQ.
We determined blood concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in 41 female employees with previous exposure to pentachlorophenol-based wood preservatives from 10 day-care centers in the Hamburg, Germany, area. We compared the blood concentrations with estimated age-dependent reference values and analyzed the correlation between PCDD/PCDF indoor air exposure and blood concentrations. The analyses based on the PCDD congeners 1,2,3,4,7,8-, 1,2,3,6,7,8-, and 1,2,3,7,8,9-hexaCDD (hexaCDD), 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptaCDD (heptaCDD), octaCDD, and the 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin toxicity equivalents calculated according to the international NATO-CCMS model (I-TEQ). In comparison to the estimated reference values, the blood concentrations of hexaCDD and I-TEQ spread around the mean estimate. Data for octaCDD scattered in some cases distinctly above the upper confidence limit. Reference values for heptaCDD could not be estimated. The correlation between PCDD/PCDF indoor air exposure and PCDD/PCDF blood concentrations was examined by linear multiple regression analysis considering different exposure variables and taking confounders into account. Analyses were carried out with the total study group and with a restricted subgroup. Associations were shown between the PCDD/PCDF indoor air concentrations and blood concentrations for heptaCDD and for the I-TEQ, whereas hexaCDD showed no association. OctaCDD showed a negative association in the total study group and no association in the subgroup analysis. In summary, the analyses showed no clear association between PCDD/PCDF indoor air exposure in day-care centers and PCDD/PCDF blood levels of female employees previously exposed to wood preservatives. By contrast, the results consistently indicated a positive association between PCDD/PCDF blood concentrations and exposure to wood preservatives in private homes.
We report on the PCB levels in plasma from 42-month-old children and the factors that determine these levels. We measured the levels of the PCB congeners 118 (2,4,5-3'4' pentachlorobiphenyl (CB)), 138 (2, 3,4-2'4'5'hexaCB), 153 (2,4,5-2'4'5'hexaCB), and 180 (2,3,4, 5-2'4'5'heptaCB) in cord plasma, breast milk, and plasma from 42-month-old children (n = 126) living in the Groningen area, The Netherlands. The sum of the levels of these four congeners was calculated for cord plasma (SigmaPCBcord), breast milk (SigmaPCBmilk), and 42-month plasma (SigmaPCB42mo). SigmaPCBcord was used as a measure of prenatal exposure. Postnatal exposure was assessed in terms of the SigmaPCBmilk and the duration of lactation. In addition, maternal factors including age, body weight and height, parity, and formal education were recorded. In 42-month-old children who have been fully breast-fed for at least six weeks as babies, the median SigmaPCB42mo was 4.5 times as high as that in formula-fed children (0.81 microg/L vs. 0.18 microg/L). The PCB levels in cord blood and human milk and the duration of breast-feeding predict the plasma PCB level at 42 months. Each additional week of full breast-feeding is estimated to result in an increase of 0.3% of the milk PCB level. We concluded that lactation is a major source for the child's PCB body burden at 42 months.
Using a modified micellar buffer consisting of gamma-cyclodextrin (gamma-CD) and sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS), we have obtained separations of hydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (hydroxyPAHs). These compounds are oxidative products of mammalian PAH metabolism. The analytes were detected with a commercial laser-induced fluorescence (LIF) detector. A number of hydroxyPAH isomers could be separated by changes in gamma-CD concentration. Baseline resolution of 12 hydroxyPAHs was obtained using 30 mM borate, 60 mM SDS and 40 mM gamma-CD. The particular site substitution of the hydroxy group can produce changes in the hydroxyPAH fluorescence spectrum, and the effect of optical filter selection was studied for the LIF detection. The mass detection limits were in the (0.08-0.5) x 10(-15) mol range. To our knowledge, this is the first report of the separation of metabolic products of PAHs (and several positional isomers) using gamma-CD and micellar electrokinetic chromatography.
To investigate the effect of a low (80 mmol/d) or high (180 mmol/d) Na intake for 14d on biochemical markers of bone turnover in Na-sensitive and Na-non-sensitive healthy young women, twenty-nine subjects were screened for responsiveness of urinary Ca excretion to increasing dietary Na intake (40, 80, 120 and 200 mmol/d for 7 d). In a crossover study, the eight Na-sensitive and eight of the twenty-one Na-non-sensitive subjects were randomly assigned to diets containing either 80 or 180 mmol Na/d for 14d followed by crossover to the alternative diet for a further 14 d. Dietary Ca was restricted to 12.5 mmol/d throughout. During each dietary period, fasting morning first void urine samples (last 3 d) and fasting blood serum samples (morning of twelfth day) were collected. Increasing Na intake from 80 to 180 mmol/d increased urinary Na about twofold in both the Na-sensitive and Na-non-sensitive groups and increased urinary Ca excretion (by 73%) in the Na-sensitive group only. Biochemical markers of bone resorption (urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline) and bone formation (serum osteocalcin and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase; EC 3.1.3.1) were unaffected by increasing dietary Na in either group. It is concluded that the Na-induced calciuria observed in the Na-sensitive healthy young women did not result in increased bone resorption or turnover and, despite restricted Ca intake, adaptation of dietary Ca absorption may have compensated for the increased urinary Ca loss.
Agreement and reproducibility of Daugirdas blood-based and Biostat 1000 dialysate-based Kt/V estimation were explored. Fifty-two dialysis treatments in 19 patients were studied. All patients were dialyzed by arteriovenous (AV) access. Good agreement was found in the comparison between laboratory predialysis blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and Biostat 1000 BUN. Each treatment was assessed for Kt/V simultaneously by Biostat 1000 and by Daugirdas methods based on predialysis and postdialysis BUN. Four Daugirdas blood-based Kt/V estimations per session were obtained; two were single pool Kt/V, the first using an "arterial" postdialysis BUN and the second a "mixed venous" postdialysis BUN, whereas the other two were double pool (or equilibrated) eKt/V obtained by factoring the respective single pool "arterial" and "mixed venous" Kt/V for the relative rate of solute removal. The four blood-based and Biostat 1000 Kt/V were examined for pooled-within-patient variability in 15 of the patients in whom three dialysis sessions on the same dialysis prescription were available, and these were not significantly different between the blood-based and Biostat 1000 Kt/V. The four blood-based Kt/V were then compared with the Biostat 1000 Kt/V using the concordance correlation coefficient (CC, 1 indicating pairs of observations fall on a line of identity, 0 indicating no relationship), and bias and range of agreement as defined by the Bland and Altman technique of analysis. The "mixed venous" eKt/V had the closest agreement with the Biostat 1000 Kt/V (CC = 0.77), but the range of agreement as defined by Bland and Altman was 0.62, implying that for a single session, there was a 95% chance that the "mixed venous" eKt/V would lie within +/- 0.31 of the Biostat 1000 Kt/V. It is concluded that Biostat 1000 Kt/V results are comparable in large groups to certain Daugirdas blood-based Kt/V, although for a given dialysis session, clinically important differences in resulting Kt/V parameters may be seen between these two methods of estimating Kt/V.
We have examined the role of the renal sympathetic nerves in the renal blood flow (RBF) response to hemorrhage in seven conscious rabbits. Hemorrhage was produced by blood withdrawal at 1.35 ml.min(-1).kg-1 for 20 min while RBF and renal sympathetic nerve activity (RSNA) were simultaneously measured. Hemorrhage was associated with a gradual increase in RSNA and decrease in RBF from the 4th min. In seven denervated animals, the resting RBF before hemorrhage was significantly greater (48 +/- 1 vs. 31 +/- 1 ml/min intact), and the decrease in RBF did not occur until arterial pressure also began to fall (8th min); however, the overall percentage change in RBF by 20 min of blood withdrawal was similar. Spectral analysis was used to identify the nature of oscillations in each variable. Before hemorrhage, a rhythm at approximately 0.3 Hz was observed in RSNA, although not in RBF, whose spectrogram was composed mostly of lower-frequency (< 0.25 Hz) components. The denervated group of rabbits had similar frequency spectrums for RBF before hemorrhage. RSNA played a role in dampening the effect of oscillations in arterial pressure on RBF as the transfer gain between mean arterial pressure (MAP) and RBF for frequencies > 0.25 Hz was significantly less in intact than denervated rabbits (0.83 +/- 0.12 vs. 1.19 +/- 0.10 ml.min(-1).mmHg-1). Furthermore, the coherence between MAP and RBF was also significantly higher in denervated rabbits, suggesting tighter coupling between the two variables in the absence of RSNA. Before the onset of significant decreases in arterial pressure (up to 10 min), there was an increase in the strength of oscillations centered around 0.3 Hz in RSNA. These wer accompanied by increases in the spectral power of RBF at the same frequency. Arterial pressure fell in both groups of animals, the dominant rhythm to emerge in RBF was centered between 0.15 and 0.20 Hz and was present in intact and denervated rabbits. It is speculated that this myogenic in origin. We conclude that RSNA can induce oscillations in RBF at 0.3 Hz, plays a significant role in altering the effect of oscillations in arterial pressure on RBF, and mediates a proportion of renal vasoconstriction during hemorrhage in conscious rabbits.
In vitro DNA replication by exonuclease-deficient T7 DNA polymerase (Sequenase) and an exonuclease deficient T4 DNA polymerase was examined on a 244-nucleotide DNA template treated with three electrophilic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites: racemic trans-7,8-dihydroxy-anti-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BaPDE), trans-2,3-dihydroxy-anti-1,10b-epoxy-10b,1,2,3-tetrahydrofluoranthene (FADE), or 3,4-epoxy-3,4-dihydrocyclopenta[cd]pyrene (CPPE). The DNA replication terminated opposite template guanines and, to a lesser extent, at template adenines, as expected, as purines were modified preferentially by the chemical treatments. Analysis of the products synthesized on the damaged templates indicated that bypass replication by Sequenase proceeded in three steps: (1) replication first terminated one base 3' to each adduct; (2) a nucleotide was then incorporated opposite the PAH-modified base; and (3) replication continued at some sites to give full bypass of the lesions. The rate of lesion bypass was affected by the type of chemical adduct, the sequence context of the adduct, and the concentration of deoxynucleoside triphosphates. Short DNA repeats appeared to facilitate translesion replication.
BACKGROUND: Plasma renin concentrations are an important factor in cardiovascular risk profiling. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of sex, medication, and anthropometric factors that may contribute to the interindividual variation in the plasma concentrations of renin and its precursor prorenin. DESIGN AND METHODS: Prorenin and renin levels in 327 men and 383 women, aged 52-69 years, who participated in a 1994 reexamination of a previous population survey in Bavaria, were measured by immunoradiometric assay. RESULTS: Prorenin and renin levels in men were significantly higher than those in women, those in women without estrogen replacement therapy were significantly higher than those in women with estrogen replacement therapy, and those in diabetics were significantly higher than those in nondiabetics. Prorenin level was correlated negatively to blood pressure and positively to age and the use of diuretics; it was normal in subjects using angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and beta-adrenergic antagonists (beta-blockers). Renin level was correlated negatively to atrial natriuretic peptide level and the use of beta-blockers, and it was elevated above normal levels in subjects using angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and diuretics as well as in subjects who had previously suffered myocardial infarction. After exclusion of data for women being administered estrogen replacement therapy, multivariate analysis revealed that sex (P<0.001), age (P<0.02), blood pressure (P<0.002), diabetes (P<0.05), and the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (P<0.002), beta-blockers (P<0.001), and diuretics (P<0.05) were independent determinants of plasma prorenin. Plasma renin was independently related to atrial natriuretic peptide level (P<0.01) and the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (P<0.001), beta-blockers (P<0.001), and diuretics (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that there is a sexual dimorphism of prorenin levels in humans, suggesting that sex hormones affect the regulation of the renin gene. Data confirm previous reports of elevated prorenin levels in diabetics and older subjects, as well as of lower than normal prorenin levels in subjects with hypertension in smaller populations. Our findings may help to clarify the potential (patho)physiologic functions of prorenin and to identify the factors that influence the constitutive secretion and intracellular processing of this prohormone. 
Flavonols are antioxidants that may reduce the risk of heart disease. Two major flavonols in the diet are quercetin and kaempferol, and their main sources in The Netherlands are tea and onions. We investigated whether plasma concentrations and urinary excretion of quercetin and kaempferol in humans could be used as biomarkers of intake. We provided 15 subjects with strong black tea (1600 mL/d) or fried onions (129 g/d) for 3 d each in random order separated by a 4-d washout period. The tea provided 49 mg quercetin and 27 mg kaempferol daily and the onions provided 13 mg quercetin and no kaempferol. Flavonols from both foods were clearly absorbed. However, the excretion of unmodified quercetin was 0.5% of intake after tea and 1.1% after onions. Thus, the absorption of quercetin from tea was half of that from onions. The onion treatment was repeated 7-14 d later to estimate within-subject CVs as a measure of reproducibility when the same treatment is given twice. CVs for quercetin were 30% in plasma and 42% in urine. The magnitude of these variations relative to actual variations of approximately 60% between free-living subjects indicates that concentrations of quercetin in plasma and urine are applicable as biomarkers of its intake. We conclude that flavonols in plasma and urine reflect short-term flavonol intake and that they could be used as biomarkers to distinguish between high and low flavonol consumption in epidemiologic studies.
We investigated the response of bone-specific resorption markers in fasting urine samples from postmenopausal women with low daily dietary calcium (Ca) intake (<800 mg/day) who received either Ca supplementation (1200 mg/day, n = 18) or placebo (n = 14) for 2 months. We measured urinary hydroxyproline, total pyridinoline, and deoxypyridinoline by HPLC, and free deoxypyridinoline (i-F-Dpd) and N- and C-telopeptide fragments of type I collagen (NTX and CTX) by immunoassays. Before supplementation, the urine concentrations of bone resorption markers in the 32 subjects were not statistically different from those measured in 21 subjects with daily dietary Ca intake >800 mg/day. In contrast to the placebo group, Ca supplementation decreased all collagen-related degradation markers except i-F-Dpd as early as the first month. The magnitude of response after 2 months of Ca supplementation, expressed as mean percentage of decrease from baseline values or as individual Z scores, was greatest for the telopeptide assays. Furthermore, the percentage of change assessed at 2 months was greater than the within-person biological variability (CV) assessed in the placebo-treated women for NTX and CTX, whereas for the other markers the percentage of change was very close of the within-person CVs. We conclude that cross-linked telopeptide fragments of type I collagen most sensitively reflect the change in bone resorption after Ca supplementation.
It is well established that nutrition is an important regulator of both serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-1) and its binding proteins (IGFBPs). The Western ligand blot method (WLB) for simultaneous determinations of IGFBPs in serum or plasma samples was evaluated and validated with emphasis on its reproducible capabilities. After electrophoretic separation and transfer, the membranes were incubated with a mixture of recombinant labeled human (GF-I/IGF-II(rhIGF-I/rhlGF-II) and band intensities measured by autoradiography. The typical electrophoretic profile for pig serum, as determined with molecular weight markers, showed four mainbands of approximately 42-39, 32, 30-28 and 24 kDa which seemed to correspond to IGFBP-3, IGFBP-2, IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-4 respectively. Likewise, a triplet of approximately 42-39 kDa (IGFBP-3), a broad area called IGFBP-30 region (most probably IGFBP-1, -2 and -3 variants) and a third band of approximately 24 kDa (IGFBP-4) were seen in rat samples. Determination of IGFBP-2 and -1 in rat serum samples, as two separate bands on 12% gels was difficult due to their close electrophoretic migration and possibly to the reported lower levels of IGFBP-2 in adult rat serum. Dilutions tested on 0.2 micron nitrocellulose membranes with samples volumes between 0.25 to 1.5 microliters (1:10-1:60 dilutions), showed IGFBPs curves with good linearity which suggest first, that there exist a quantitative relation between the amount of each protein and the densitometric response and second, that the transfer of the proteins was linear across the range of 0.25 to 1.5 microliters (1:10-1:60 dilutions). Moreover, the results also suggest that losses were equally spread and that the proteins retained their binding properties after the transfer process. Reproducibility showed intraassay coefficients of variation (CVs) of 15% or lower using either a transfer device without cooling system or a combination of a transfer device with cooling system and manually defined band boundaries. In summary, it was shown that the optimized experimental conditions here described for the WLB method, allow reliable simultaneous measurements of the main pig and rat serum IGFBPs and therefore, could be utilised to detect changes in the serum profile after dietary manipulations.
OBJECTIVES: To compare the effects of free access to reduced fat products or their full fat equivalents on fat and energy intake, body weight, plasma lipids and fat-soluble antioxidants concentrations and haemostasis variables. DESIGN: A multicentre open randomised controlled trial in which intervention and control groups were followed in parallel for six months. Volunteers had free access to 44 different foods either in reduced fat or full fat version, covering between 30 and 40% of energy intake. The remainder of energy intake was covered by foods bought in regular shops. SETTING: Zeist, Wageningen and Maastricht, The Netherlands. SUBJECTS: Two hundred and forty-one non-obese healthy volunteers who had no intention to lose weight. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Food intake, body weight, plasma lipid, vitamin E, beta-carotene, lycopene and fibrinogen concentrations, plasma factor VII clotting activity, and plasminogen-activator-inhibitor-I antigen level. RESULTS: One hundred and three volunteers in the full fat group and 117 volunteers in the reduced fat group completed the study. Energy and fat intake from the free access products was lower in the reduced fat group, but no difference in energy and fat intake of other products occurred. Body weight, energy-, fat- and vitamin E intake and percentage of energy derived from fat decreased in the reduced fat group. No other statistical significant intervention effects were observed. Blood lipid concentrations, factor VII activity and plasminogen-inhibitor-activator-1 level were reduced after consumption of reduced fat products. CONCLUSIONS: When subjects without intention to lose weight limit fat intake by switching from ad libitum consumption of full fat products to reduced fat products body weight gain is prevented, and fat and energy intake are reduced. Such a switch may have beneficial effects on biochemical cardiovascular risk factors. We concluded that reduced fat products will help in a population strategy aimed at preventing overweight and obesity, they will also be effective in maintaining a lower body weight after slimming. Ad libitum consumption of reduced fat products will be ineffective for those individuals that want to reduce body weight because they are currently overweight or obese. 
Plasma noradrenaline (NA) levels were compared between two groups of patients with major depressive disorder (melancholic/psychotic and non-melancholic), patients with general anxiety disorders and healthy controls. The melancholic/psychotic depressed group had the highest plasma NA levels. This only reached statistical significance with respect to the control group. Within the depressed group, there was no association between plasma NA levels and age, weight loss, ratings of depression, anxiety or plasma cortisol levels. Variance of plasma NA was greatest in the melancholic/psychotic depressed group. A review of previous studies shows an association between raised plasma NA, depressive illness and alterations in NA variance. This association may be limited to melancholic/psychotic depressed patients. The above findings support a dysregulated noradrenergic system in depressive illness.
In this article, exposure to trihalomethanes (THMs) in indoor swimming pools as a consequence of water chlorination is reported. Environmental and biological monitoring of THMs was performed in order to assess the uptake of these substances after a defined period in five competitive swimmers, regularly attending an indoor swimming pool to train for competition during four sampling sessions. Analyses were performed by gas-chromatography and the following THMs were detected: chloroform (CHC13), bromodichloromethane (CHBrC12), dibromochloromethane (CHBrsC1) and bromoform (CHBr3). CHC13 appeared the most represented compound both in water and in environmental air before and after swimming. CHBrC1w and CHBr2C1 were always present, even though at lower levels than CHC13, CHBr3, was rarely present. In relation to biological monitoring, CHC13, CHBrC12 and CHBr2C1 were detected in all alveolar air samples collected inside the swimming pool. Before swimming, after 1 h at rest at the pool edge, the mean values were 29.4 +/- 13.3, 2.7 +/- 1.2 and 0.8 +/- 0.8 micrograms/m3, respectively, while after spending 1 h swimming, higher levels were detected (75.6 +/- 18.6, 6.5 +/- 1.3 and 1.4 +/- 0.9 micrograms/m3, respectively). Only CHC13 was detected in all plasma samples (mean: 1.4 +/- 0.5 micrograms/1) while CHBrC1x and CHBr2C1 were observed only in few samples at a detection limit of 0.1 micrograms/1. After 1 h at rest, at an average environmental exposure of approx. 100 micrograms/m3, the THM uptake was approx. 30 micrograms/h (26 micrograms/h for CHC1c, 3 micrograms/h for CHBrC12 and 1.5 micrograms/h for CHBr2C1). After 1 h swimming, the THM uptake is approx. seven times higher than at rest: a THM mean uptake of 221 micrograms/h (177 micrograms/h, 26 micrograms/h and 18 micrograms/h for CHC13, CHBrC12 and CHBr2C1, respectively) was evaluated at an environmental concentration of approx. 200 micrograms/m3.
Behavioral impairment as a consequence of PCB exposure beginning in utero has been reported in both humans and animals. The present study assessed the behavioral consequences of postnatal exposure to PCBs. Male monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) were dosed from birth to 20 weeks of age with 7.5 microg/kg/ day of a PCB mixture representative of the PCBs typically found in human breast milk (eight monkeys) or vehicle (four monkeys). Blood PCB levels at 20 weeks of age were 0.30-0.37 ppb for control and 1.84-2.84 ppb for treated monkeys, and fat levels were 50-198 and 1694-3560 ppb for the two groups, respectively. At about 4.5-5.0 years of age, monkeys performed on a series of three spatial discrimination reversal tasks, followed by a differential reinforcement of low rate (DRL) 30-s schedule of reinforcement. There were no differences between groups for the number of errors across reversals for any of the discrimination reversal tasks, whereas the PCB-treated group tended to have shorter median response latencies than the control group. On the DRL schedule, there were robust differences in performance between the treated and control groups. Treated monkeys displayed shorter mean and median interresponse times (IRTs), obtained fewer reinforcements, and emitted more nonreinforced responses. The treated groups also had more short IRTs (< or =10 s) than control monkeys. Performance of the treated group did not improve to control levels over the 51 sessions of the DRL 30-s schedule; their performance remained much less efficient than that of controls. The results of this study extend previous research in this cohort of monkeys, and provide further evidence that PCB exposure limited to the early postnatal period and resulting in environmentally relevant body burdens produces long-term behavioral effects.
OBJECTIVE: To develop a short, patient-based questionnaire for auditing the outcomes of treatment for benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and to evaluate the acceptability, reliability and validity of the measure. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data from a long research questionnaire used in the Oxford/North West Thames Prostatectomy Study were analysed to identify the subset of items which contained the most scientifically sound indicators of outcome. Items were selected on the basis of standard psychometric analyses to develop a short questionnaire, the Prostate Outcomes Questionnaire (POQ), a 27-item instrument covering urinary symptoms, complications after surgery, quality of life and patient satisfaction with outcome. The POQ was field tested for acceptability, reliability and validity in a postal survey of 125 men undergoing transurethral resection of the prostate for BPH from seven hospitals in south-east England. RESULTS: The POQ was highly acceptable to patients, as indicated by a 95% response rate, the absence of 'floor' and 'ceiling' effects and a low proportion of missing data. It showed excellent internal consistency reliability (Cronbach's alpha of 0.82-0.93 for the five summary scales and a mean item-total correlation of 0.56) and test-retest reliability (test-retest correlations for items were 0.40-1.00, with a mean test-retest correlation of 0.85, and for summary scales of 0.91-0.95). Construct validity was confirmed by: high intercorrelations between the five summary scales and the total score (0.88-0.95), with a pattern of intercorrelations among specific subscales that showed item-convergent and discriminant validity; higher scores for patients who reported an improvement after surgery than in those who were not improved (P < 0.001); the expected gradient of scores for patients reporting different levels of symptom distress (P < 0.001); high correlations with the longer parent questionnaire (0.75-0.88); and low to moderate correlations with the Nottingham Health Profile and Activities of Daily Living scores (0.15-0.67), with the pattern of correlations providing evidence of scale convergent and discriminant validity. Correlations with age and social class were low, suggesting that responses were not biased by sociodemographic factors. CONCLUSION: The POQ is a practical and scientifically sound patient-based measure of outcome after treatment for BPH which can be used for routine audit. It takes < 5 min to complete, is feasible for routine monitoring of large numbers of patients by postal survey, and is accompanied by a Users' Manual which provides practical help in conducting a local patient survey, and a computer program for scoring data. Most importantly, the POQ has been shown scientifically to perform well, having met standard psychometric criteria for reliability and validity. 
BACKGROUND: We investigated if blood Cu++/Zn++ superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and catalase activities are increased and total plasma antioxidant concentration is decreased in coke oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. METHODS: Ninety-six coke oven workers participated in the study. Nonexposed workers (n = 105) were randomly sampled among power plant workers in the same age range. The examination included a questionnaire on health status, occupational history, smoking, and dietary habits. Blood samples completed the examination. Coke oven workers were classified into low-, middle-, and high-exposure groups based on the benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) air concentrations and were further classified into the categories "topside" and "non-topside," according to their proximity to the ovens. RESULTS: Erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity increased with age (r = 0.18, P = 0.061) in power plant workers, whereas plasma glutathione peroxidase activity decreased with age (r = -0.18, P = 0.068) and erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity was inversely correlated with the number of cigarettes per day (r = -0.28, P = 0.08) in coke oven workers. Comparison of blood antioxidant enzyme activities and total plasma antioxidant concentration between coke oven and power plant workers showed that erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase activity was significantly lower in coke oven workers, even after adjustment for potential confounding factors. No differences were found either in other blood antioxidant enzyme activities or in total plasma antioxidant concentration between coke oven and power plant workers. Moreover, no trends toward decreased glutathione peroxidase activity among the three subgroups of B[a]P exposure were observed, and no differences either in blood antioxidant enzyme activities or in total plasma antioxidant concentration between the two groups of job categories were found. CONCLUSIONS: Production of reactive oxygen species seems not to be increased in coke oven workers. 
We evaluated whether the adipose tissue content of 2 fatty acids of exogenous origin specific for ruminant fat, 15:0 and 17:0, reflect average long-term dairy fat consumption in free-living subjects. In 81 healthy women aged 30-77 y, we compared the relative content of these 2 fatty acids in subcutaneous adipose tissue with relative intake (% of total fat) based on four 1-wk weighed diet records made 3-4 mo apart and on a food-frequency questionnaire reflecting average past year consumption. The mean (+/-SD) daily milk fat intake was 20.0 +/- 9.1 g and fat from ruminant meat was 3.0 +/- 1.5 g according to food records, representing 29.2 +/- 8.9% and 4.6 +/- 2.2% of total fat, respectively. The intake of 15:0 and 17:0, which are 1.05% and 0.61% of milk fat and 0.43% and 0.83% of ruminant meat fat, was 0.22 +/- 0.10 and 0.15 +/- 0.06 g, respectively. Content of 15:0 and 17:0 in adipose tissue was 0.35% and 0.24% and relative dietary intake was 0.33% and 0.22% according to the food records and 0.32% and 0.21%, respectively, according to the food-frequency questionnaire. Correlation coefficients between 15:0 content in adipose tissue and intake from dairy foods only, according to food records, were 0.63 (Pearson) and 0.59 (Spearman); corresponding values for 17:0 were 0.42 and 0.45, respectively. Content of 15:0 and 17:0 in subcutaneous adipose tissue might be a valid biological marker of long-term milk fat intake in free-living individuals in populations with high consumption of dairy products.
We assessed blood pressure (BP), body weight, renal hemodynamics, and insulin sensitivity (by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp) in nine normoalbuminuric and seven microalbuminuric IDDM patients after 6 days on a low-sodium diet (20 mEq) and after 6 days on a high-sodium diet (250 mEq). In microalbuminuric but not in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients, switching from a low to a high-sodium diet was associated with a significant increase in mean BP (from 92 +/- 3 to 101 +/- 4 mmHg; P < 0.001) and in body weight (2.91 +/- 0.63 vs. 1.47 +/- 0.26 kg; P < 0.05). Moreover, under high-sodium conditions, angiotensin II infusion (3 ng x kg(-1) x min(-1)) caused a greater increase in mean BP (14 +/- 2 vs. 7.4 +/- 1 mmHg; P < 0.05) and a smaller reduction in renal plasma flow (-122 +/- 29 vs. -274 +/- 41 ml x min(-1) x 1.73 m2; P < 0.05) in microalbuminuric than in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients. Under low sodium conditions, aldosterone increments after angiotensin II infusion were lower (P < 0.05) in microalbuminuric than in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients. Insulin-mediated glucose disposal was not affected by sodium dietary content, but it was lower in microalbuminuric (P < 0.05) than in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients. The salt-induced changes in mean BP were related to insulin sensitivity (r = -0.78; P < 0.001). In conclusion, in IDDM patients, microalbuminuria is associated with 1) an increased responsiveness of BP to salt intake and angiotensin II, 2) impaired modulation of renal blood flow, and 3) insulin resistance. Therefore, salt sensitivity in IDDM patients clusters with other factors that are likely to play an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy and its cardiovascular complications.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) based on blood oxygen level-dependent (BOLD) contrast has become an increasingly popular technique for mapping the brain. The relationship between BOLD-fMRI imaging and imaging of blood flow activation with positron emission tomography (PET) remains unclear. Moreover, BOLD imaging strategies and analysis procedures vary widely across laboratories. To examine the relationship between these different methods, we compared brain activation maps of a word-stem completion task obtained both using PET and using fMRI across two separate institutions (Washington University and Massachusetts General Hospital) with different acquisitions (gradient-refocused echo and asymmetric spin echo) and different analysis techniques. Overall, activation maps were highly similar across both fMRI methods and PET. A set of activated brain areas, in consistent locations in Talairach atlas space, were identified across all three studies, including visual striate and extrastriate, left prefrontal, supplementary motor area (SMA), and right cerebellar areas. Decreases in activation were also consistently observed in medial parietal, posterior insular, and medial inferior frontal areas. Some differences were noted that may be related to the silent performance of the task with fMRI. The largely consistent results suggest that comparisons can be made appropriately across imaging modalities and laboratory methods. A further implication of the consistencies, which extended to both increases and decreases in signal, is that the underlying brain physiology leading to BOLD contrast may be more similar to blood flow than originally appreciated.
OBJECTIVE: To systematically investigate the reproducibility and reliability of a newly developed, less invasive approach of estimating blood volume (BV), using indocyanine green (ICG) measured with pulse-spectrophotometry. DESIGN: Prospective, clinical study. SETTING: Surgical unit at a university hospital. PATIENTS: Twenty-two patients undergoing general anesthesia for elective surgery and seven healthy volunteers. INTERVENTIONS: Catheters were inserted into the forearm veins of healthy volunteers for the administration of ICG and blood sampling for the measurement of hemoglobin concentration. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The distribution volumes of ICG in seven healthy volunteers were estimated repetitively following three or four consecutive intravenous administrations at 30-min intervals. A low intrasubject coefficient of variation of 3.94 +/- 2.03 (SEM) % and a reasonable intersubject coefficient of variation of 13.3 +/- 5.52% (in mL/kg) for the BV measurements were obtained. In addition, ICG was administered to 22 patients, first under general anesthesia by a bolus, and then by a bolus with a constant-rate infusion. The ICG blood concentration was noninvasively measured with pulse-spectrophotometry. The blood concentration time courses following both bolus and constant-rate infusion were well fitted by the one-compartment model, indicating that the distribution equilibrium of ICG is instantaneous. The distribution volumes estimated following bolus injection correlate closely with the distribution volume estimated based on constant-rate infusion administration (r2 = .90). CONCLUSIONS: The BV estimation with a bolus injection of ICG and pulse-spectrophotometry is reliable, as reflected by the reproducible BVs estimated in the same subject. The integrated pulse-spectrophotometry monitoring system offers a less invasive and useful tool for bedside estimation of BV. 
Many adrenergic agonists including isoproterenol, a beta1,2-adrenergic agonist, reduce alcohol consumption, but the mechanism of this effect is not known. Adrenergic agonists have a variety of effects, among which are their ability to raise both angiotensin (ANG) II activity and plasma glucose levels. Previous research has shown that ANG II and enhanced glucose levels are accompanied by reductions in alcohol intake. Therefore, the following experiments assessed the roles of each of these factors in the suppression of alcohol intake by isoproterenol. Male Wistar rats were trained to drink a quantity of 6% (w/v) alcohol using the limited access procedure, which offers a daily 40-min access to alcohol and water. In experiment 1, isoproterenol or vehicle was administered s.c. just prior to alcohol availability, and only the group receiving isoproterenol showed a marked reduction in alcohol intake. Following this, the groups were pretreated i.p. with either vehicle or ascending doses of the prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor, indomethacin (2, 4 mg/kg), followed by either isoproterenol or vehicle. Control groups received either two vehicle injections or vehicle and indomethacin. Indomethacin alone did not affect alcohol intake at any of the doses tested but did dose-dependently attenuate the reduction in alcohol intake produced by isoproterenol. In experiment 2, isoproterenol was administered just prior to alcohol availability and when the suppression of alcohol intake stabilized, ascending doses of the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, enalapril (1, 20, 40 mg/kg), were given i.p. 1 h prior to the isoproterenol. Enalapril altered water intake but had no effect on the isoproterenol-induced reduction in alcohol intake. These results show that the inhibition of alcohol drinking by isoproterenol varies more closely with altered glucose levels than with increased ANG II synthesis. They also demonstrate that downstream consequences of a drug may play a role in its effect on alcohol intake.
Rat splenocyte mixed leukocyte reaction (MLR), splenic natural killer (NK) cell activity, and phagocytic activities of splenic, peritoneal, and peripheral blood leukocytes (PBLs) were evaluated in vitro to determine the immunotoxicity of mixtures containing low levels of methylmercury (MeHg), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and Aroclor polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). The mixtures were based on the concentrations of the chemicals in fish flesh. Leukocytes from male Fischer rats were exposed to MeHg (0.1-2 microg/ml), PCDD/PCDF mixtures (1-15 pg/ml) of three PCDDs (2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin, 1,2,3,7,8-pentachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin, and 1,2,3,4,7,8-hexachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin) and two PCDFs (2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzofuran and 1,2,3,7,8-pentachlorodibenzofuran), three Aroclor PCB (Aroclor 1242, 1254, and 1260) mixtures (0.01-0.5 microg/ml), or combinations of MeHg/PCB/PCDD/PCDF mixtures for 24 or 72 h before immunological assays. Phagocytosis and NK cell cytotoxicity were evaluated with a flow cytometer, and MLR of Fischer rat responder splenocytes cultured with mitomycin C-treated Long-Evans splenocytes by [3H]thymidine uptake. Exposure to MeHg (2 microg/ml) alone or with PCB/ PCDD/PCDF resulted in significant cytolethality in rat splenocytes, peritoneal leukocytes, and PBLs at 24 h exposure. Treatment with Aroclor PCB mixtures, PCDD/PCDF mixtures, 0.1 microg MeHg/ml (noncytolethal), or PCB/PCDD/PCDF mixtures with 0.1 microg MeHg/ml caused no suppression of splenocyte MLR response, splenic NK cell-mediated lysis of Yac-l cells, or phagocytosis of fluorescent beads by splenic, peritoneal, and peripheral blood phagocytic cells. The results indicate that in vitro exposure of rat leukocytes to low levels of MeHg, Aroclor PCB mixtures, PCDD/PCDF mixtures, or MeHg/PCB/PCDD/PCDF mixtures had no suppressive effects on the immune functions assayed, and thus produced no additive immunotoxicity. However, in order to predict the potential risk of these chemical mixtures to the human immune system, in vivo animal studies with blood (tissue) levels compatible with the levels of MeHg, PCBs, and PCDDs/PCDFs in exposed human populations should be evaluated.
Considerable evidence suggests that high plasma concentrations of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1) and fibrinogen increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Recent studies report beneficial effects of dietary fiber on coronary artery disease, although the mechanisms by which high fiber intake reduces the risk of heart disease are not well understood. This study examined the relation of dietary fiber intake to PAI-1 and fibrinogen concentrations in 883 men and 1116 women aged 50.4 +/- 13.8 and 52.1 +/- 13.7 y, respectively, in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study. Diet was assessed with a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. The natural logarithm was used to transform PAI-1 because of a skewed distribution. In the first through fifth age- and energy-specific quintiles of fiber intake, mean (ln)PAI-1 was 6.09, 5.91, 5.88, 5.82, and 5.67 pmol/L, respectively, for men and 5.50, 5.37, 5.39, 5.23, and 5.18 pmol/L, respectively, for women. Multiple regression showed that when the lowest was compared with the second, third, fourth, and fifth age- and energy-specific quintiles of fiber intake, (ln)PAI-1 was 0.21, 0.25, 0.22, and 0.32 pmol/L lower in men (P for trend = 0.009) and 0.08, 0.06, 0.14, and 0.20 pmol/L lower in women (P for trend = 0.037), respectively, with anthropometric, lifestyle, and metabolic factors adjusted for. No significant association was found between fiber intake and fibrinogen. Waist-hip ratio did not modify the relation of fiber intake to PAI-1 (P for interaction = 0.39 for men and 0.36 for women). These data suggest that higher fiber intake is inversely associated with PAI-1, but not with fibrinogen concentration.
BACKGROUND/AIM: Previous studies in vitro and in animals in vivo found that alpha-linolenic acid (C18:3omega3) may enhance oxidative damage of essential amino acids. We investigated whether the addition of the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) arachidonate (C20:4omega-6; AA) and docosahexaenoate (C22:6-omega3; DHA) in the form of egg phospholipids to infant formula affects plasma amino acid concentrations and indices of protein metabolism in term infants. METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized clinical trial, healthy infants were fed from day 5 of life formula with or without preformed LCPUFA (n = 10 and 12, respectively). At the age of 5 days and 1, 2, 3 and 4 months, blood samples were obtained and analyzed for plasma amino acids by high-performance liquid chromatography and for plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition by gas chromatography. RESULTS: At the age of 3 months, plasma threonine concentrations were significantly lower in infants receiving dietary LCPUFA than in controls (124 +/- 16 vs. 216 +/- 28 micromol/l, p < 0.05). Values of other plasma essential amino acids, total protein, albumin, creatinine and urea nitrogen did not differ between the two feeding groups throughout the study. At the age of 5 days, plasma phospholipid AA and DHA concentrations were inversely correlated with histidine concentrations (AA: r = -0.60, p = 0.01; DHA: r = -0.53, p < 0.05). At the age of 3 months, DHA concentrations were inversely related to plasma histidine, methionine and threonine concentrations (r = -0.66, -0.62, and -0.64, respectively, p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The dietary LCPUFA supplementation of infant formula used in this study has no adverse effects on infant plasma amino acid concentrations and indicators of protein metabolism. Nonetheless, the apparent interaction of LCPUFA with some amino acids in formula-fed infants warrants further investigation. 
The effect of exposure to binary and ternary mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on the urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) has been examined. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were administered intravenously 5 micromol/kg of pyrene alone or in combination with 0.5, 5 and 25 micromol/kg of either naphthalene, benzo(a)pyrene (BaP), or both. Urine samples were collected at frequent intervals over 48 h. The kinetics of 1-OHP in urine was not altered by the presence of either naphthalene or BaP in the mixtures, at least from 4 h post-dosing. Hence, none of the injected mixtures significantly modified the first-order apparent elimination half-life of 1-OHP in urine obtained for the 12 to 42 h period post injection where mean values ranged between 6.2 and 9.6 h. However, while the presence of naphthalene or the low BaP dose of 0.5 micromol/kg in the mixtures did not have a significant effect on the total excretion of 1-OHP, BaP doses of 5 and 25 micromol/kg in the mixtures significantly increased the amount of 1-OHP excreted in urine. Mean percentages of the pyrene dose excreted as 1-OHP after injection of pyrene in combination with 0.5, 5 and 25 micromol/kg BaP were respectively increased 1.3, 2.2 and 2.6 times compared to the value obtained after administration of pyrene alone. The percentages determined after concomitant administration of pyrene and 0.5, 5 and 25 micromol/kg of BaP plus naphthalene were 1.4, 1.8 and 2.4 times, respectively, the value obtained after administration of pyrene singly. The observed effect of BaP (5 or 25 micromol/kg) on 1-OHP total excretion appears to result from BaP induction of pyrene metabolism. Lack of effect of naphthalene appears to be due to its weak P450 1A1 enzyme induction capacity. Absence of significant effect of the low BaP dose in the mixtures (0.5 micromol/kg) suggests that 1-OHP in urine is useful as a bioindicator of occupational and environmental exposures to PAH mixtures.
A polyclonal antibody against 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts was raised for their immunohistochemical demonstration in paraffin-embedded sections. Specificity of this antibody was confirmed by competitive ELISA. Positive signals were immunohistochemically detected in acetone-fixed but not in formalin- or ethanol-fixed sections from F344 rats treated by gavage with a single dose of PhIP at 37.5-300 mg/kg and killed at 1, 2, and 7 days thereafter. Dose-dependent positive staining was observed in almost all organs of both sexes, including the colon, prostate, and mammary gland but largely independent of the tumor response. Repair activity, judged by disappearance of adducts with time, differed according to the organ or cell type. One exception was hepatocytes, the liver incidentally being a nontarget organ. The results suggest that the generated antibody is applicable for detection of cells targeted by PhIP in paraffin-embedded sections and also for the investigation of the mechanisms of PhIP-carcinogenesis.
Immunohistochemistry was used to examine the cellular localization of cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1) in various types of endothelial linings in muscle tissues of rats and mice treated with the Ah receptor agonist beta-naphthoflavone (BNF). In addition, light microscopic autoradiography was used to localize sites of metabolic activation of 3H-labeled Trp-P-1 (3-amino-1,4-dimethyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole), a heterocyclic amine known to be metabolized by CYP1A1, in rodent tissue slices. The results showed a colocalization of CYP1A1 immunoreactivity and covalent binding of 3H-Trp-P-1 in endothelial linings of capillaries and veins of heart, skeletal muscle, and uterus in BNF-treated rodents, indicating the presence of catalytically active CYP1A1 at these sites. The immunohistochemical staining and covalent binding of 3H-Trp-P-1 in endothelia of arteries and arterioles was generally weak with the exception of uterine arterioles. In lymph nodes of BNF-treated rats, there was an intense CYP1A1 staining of high endothelial venules. The results suggest that endothelial linings of capillaries and veins in muscle tissues but also uterine arterioles and high endothelial venules in lymph nodes may be targets for CYP1A1-mediated metabolic products of endogenous and exogenous substances following exposure to CYP1A1 inducing agents.
Osprey (Pandion haliaetus) eggs were collected from 1991 to 1997 at nests (n = 121) upstream and downstream of bleached kraft pulp mills and at reference sites in the Fraser and Columbia River drainage systems of British Columbia, Washington, and Oregon. Blood samples were collected from nestling ospreys during the 1992 breeding season on the Thompson River. Samples were analyzed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and -dibenzofurans (PCDFs). Mean concentrations of 2,3,7,8-TCDD were significantly higher in eggs collected in 1991 at downstream compared to upstream nests near pulp mills at Kamloops and Castlegar, British Columbia. There were no significant temporal trends in 2,3,7,8-TCDD, -TCDF or other measured compounds at a sample of nests monitored between 1991 and 1994 downstream of the Castlegar pulp mill, despite changes in bleaching technology (CIO2 substitution). However, by 1997 concentrations of 2, 3,7,8-TCDD and -TCDF were significantly lower than previous years in nests sampled downstream at both Castlegar and Kamloops. An unusual pattern of higher chlorinated PCDDs and PCDFs was found in many of the osprey eggs collected in this study, and considerable individual variation in the pattern existed among eggs from the same site. For example, eggs from four different nests at one study area (Quesnel) on the Fraser River had concentrations of 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDD ranging from <1 to 1,100 ng/kg and OCDD from <1 to 7,000 ng/kg wet weight. Higher mean concentrations of HpCDD and OCDD were found in eggs from the Thompson River, a tributary of the Fraser, compared to the Columbia River, and concentrations were generally higher at nests upstream of pulp mills. In plasma samples, 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDD and OCDD were the main compounds detected, with no significant differences measured between samples upstream versus downstream or earlier versus later in the breeding season. Use of chlorophenolic wood preservatives by lumber processors was considered the main source of higher chlorinated PCDD/Fs throughout the systems, based on patterns of trace PCDFs in eggs and significant correlations between egg concentrations of pentachlorophenol and both HpCDD (r = 0.891, p < 0.01) and OCDD (r = 0.870, p < 0.01).
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Significant amounts of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthlate (DEHP) leach into blood stored in DEHP-plasticized PVC bags. The aim of this study was to find out whether DEHP at these low levels has any effect on the concentration of vitamin E, an antioxidant which affords protection against free radical damage. MATERIALS AND METHODS: DEHP was administered in low doses (150-750 microg/100 g body weight) to rats intraperitoneally and the concentration of vitamin E in the liver and testes was measured. Concentration of vitamin E was also measured in blood stored in glass bottles in the presence and absence of DEHP and in blood stored in DEHP-plasticized PVC bags. RESULTS: A decrease in the concentration of vitamin E was observed in all cases. Administration of vitamin E to rats and incorporation of vitamin E in the additive solution in the case of blood prevented this decrease. CONCLUSION: DEHP even at very low doses caused a decrease in the concentration of vitamin E in liver and tests of rats given this substance. Blood stored in DEHP-plasticized bags also showed a decrease in the concentration of vitamin E. 
Mammalian cells in culture were used to study the genotoxic potential of coke oven emissions constituting a complex mixture of chemicals. For this purpose, particle extracts and some polycyclic aromatic and nitroaromatic hydrocarbons (PAH and nitro-PAH) occurring in these mixtures were assayed for DNA adduct formation using the -postlabeling technique. In primary cultures of rat hepatocytes, benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), benz[a]anthracene (B[a]A) and benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[k]F) caused DNA adduct levels in the range of 1 adduct/108 nucleotides. 4-Nitropyrene (4-NP), 6-nitrochrysene (6-NC), 3-nitrofluoranthene (3-NF) caused DNA adduct levels that were by one to two orders of magnitude higher. The crude particle extract and its fractions differing in acidity and polarity induced the formation of DNA reactive material within diagonal radioactive zones (DRZ) on the autoradiograms. On a weight base, the neutral aromatic fraction contributed by more than 80% to the total adduct level in hepatocytes. To examine whether the PAH- and nitro-PAH-DNA derived adducts can be further differentiated, hepatocyte cultures were preincubated with 2,3,7,8-tetrachloro-p-dioxin (TCDD) to induce the activity of cytochrome P450 1A1. TCDD pretreatment strongly increased the levels of PAH-DNA adducts, whereas, the levels of nitro-PAH adducts were markedly decreased. NCI-H322 cells, a human lung tumor cell line derived from Clara cells, exhibited PAH-DNA adduct levels between 10 and 100, and nitro-PAH-DNA adducts at levels between 0.2 to about 30 adducts per 108 nucleotides, respectively. In contrast to hepatocytes, incubations with extractable organic matter (EOM) and the neutral aromatic EOM fraction displayed several distinct spots in the chromatograms of NCI-H322 cells. The major spot was assigned by cochromatography to be identical with the major DNA adduct formed by incubation with B[a]P alone. In V79NH cells, a Chinese hamster lung cell line expressing nitro-PAH activating enzymes, but virtually no cytochrome P450 activity, PAH-derived DNA adducts were not detectable. Nitro-PAH-derived DNA adducts, however, were formed at levels between 10 and 300 adducts/108 nucleotides. The slightly and the moderately polar EOM fraction caused the formation of distinct adduct spots suggesting the occurrence of nitro-PAH in these fractions. GC/MS analyses revealed the presence of twelve PAH in the aromatic fraction, at a total amount of about 10% (w/w), and of four nitro-PAH in the slightly polar and the acidic fraction amounting to about 0.2% (w/w). In conclusion, our results indicate that PAH and nitro-PAH contribute to the genotoxicity of coke oven emissions. Using DNA adduct analysis in rat hepatocytes (+/-pretreatment with TCDD) and in NCI-H322 and in V79NH cells offers a promising approach to determine the genotoxic activity of PAH and nitro-PAH in any complex environmental samples.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the variability of measuring regional adipose tissue area using abdominal computed tomography (CT) in normal-weight, prepubertal girls. DESIGN: Measurements of abdominal CT were performed twice, 6 weeks apart. SUBJECTS: Sixty-one normal-weight, prepubertal girls (age: 4.8-10.3 y, mean (s.d.) BMI: 16.7 +/- 1.5 kg/m2). MEASUREMENTS: Abdominal adipose tissue by CT at baseline and 6 weeks later. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between visits 1 and 2 with regard to the children's average abdominal CT derived intraabdominal adipose tissue (21.64 cm2 vs 23.74 cm2) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (62.49 cm2 vs 65.28 cm2). The Pearson coefficient of correlation (r), P-value, total coefficient of variation (CV) and standard error of the difference (SEdelta) for intra-individual measurements between visits 1 and 2 by abdominal CT were: total abdominal adipose tissue, r = 0.94, P < 0.0001, CV = 12.34%, SEdelta 2.25 cm2; subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue, r = 0.96, P < 0.0001, CV = 10.67%, SEdelta = 1.57 cm2; and intraabdominal adipose tissue, r = 0.67, P < 0.0001, CV = 21.5%, SEdelta = 1.11 cm2. The mean ratios of intraabdominal to subcutaneous adipose tissue on visits 1 and 2 were 0.42 +/- 0.2 and 0.44 +/- 0.24, respectively. CONCLUSION: Regional adipose tissue area measurements using abdominal CT were reliable in healthy, normal-weight, prepubertal girls. 
Plasma human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) RNA levels correlate closely with clinical prognosis in both treated and untreated HIV-infected persons and are widely used to guide clinical practice and as a primary end point in clinical trials. Thus, variability in these measurements may significantly affect their interpretation in clinical practice and research. The variability in consecutive measurements of plasma HIV RNA levels was studied in 387 subjects receiving either stable nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor therapy or no treatment. The Pearson's correlation coefficient between baseline measures 2 weeks apart was 0.92. The mean SD in consecutive measurements 1 month apart was 0.31 log10 copies/mL with a 95% tolerance limit of 0.7 log10 copies/mL (5-fold). Two-thirds of the total variance in consecutive measures 1 month apart was due to biologic fluctuation; one-third was due to assay variance. The biologic variance increased proportionately with the number of weeks between assessments. Clinicians and investigators should be aware of the magnitude of variability in viral RNA levels in the HIV-infected population.
The contributing role of vascular endothelium in the development of hypertension-related vascular damage is well accepted. Salt-sensitive hypertension is characterized by a cluster of renal, hormonal, and metabolic derangements that might favor the development of cardiovascular and renal damage. To evaluate endothelial involvement in salt-sensitive essential hypertension, plasma levels of several markers of endothelial damage such as endothelin-1 (ET-1), von Willebrand factor (vWf), and soluble (S-) adhesion molecules E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), and 24-hour urinary albumin excretion (UAE) were measured in 39 nondiabetic, nonobese, never-treated essential hypertensive patients after intermediate (120 mmol/d), high (220 mmol/d), and low (20 mmol/d) NaCl diets. Patients were classified as salt sensitive (n=18) or salt resistant (n=21) according to their blood pressure responses to changes in dietary NaCl intake. Salt-sensitive hypertensives showed higher plasma ET-1 (P<0.05), vWf (P<0.005), and S-E-selectin levels (P<0.04) and increased UAE (P<0.05) than salt-resistant hypertensives. By contrast, circulating S-ICAM-1 and S-VCAM-1 concentrations were not significantly higher in salt-sensitive (596. 56+/-177.05 ng/mL and 541.06+/-157.84 ng/mL, respectively) than salt-resistant patients (516.86+/-147.99 ng/mL and 449.48+/-158.91 ng/mL, respectively). During the intermediate NaCl diet, plasma ET-1 responses to oral glucose load were greater in salt-sensitive (P<0. 05) than in salt-resistant patients. A marked (P<0.05) hyperinsulinemic response to oral glucose load was evident in salt-sensitive but not salt-resistant patients after each diet. This study shows increased plasma levels of the endothelium-derived substances E-selectin, vWf, and ET-1 in salt-sensitive hypertensives. Our findings support the hypothesis that salt sensitivity is correlated with an increased risk for developing hypertension-related cardiovascular damage.
BACKGROUND: It has been proposed that serum levels of eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) may be a clinically useful measure in allergic illness. The aim of this report is to describe the distribution and reproducibility of serum ECP levels in a population sample and to examine its relationship with other markers of disease. METHODS: The study was conducted in rural areas of Norfolk, UK in a random sample of men aged 20-44 years enriched with subjects drawn from general practice 'asthma registers'. Asthma symptoms were assessed using the EC Respiratory Health Survey questionnaire. Atopy was measured by skin prick tests and serum IgE. Airway hyperresponsiveness (AHR) was tested by methacholine challenge test. Serum IgE and ECP was measured by fluoroimmunoassay using the Pharmacia CAP system. Reference equations were derived in subjects from the random sample who did not have symptoms of asthma, abnormal lung function or AHR. The relation of serum ECP with various clinical characteristics was examined in the whole study population. Reproducibility of serum ECP measurement was assessed in 57 subjects 4 weeks after the initial test. RESULTS: The study population comprised 311 from the random sample and 58 from the asthma sample. The reference equation for serum ECP for healthy men was log10 ECP = 1.3966 - [(age - 20) x 0.0057]. The estimated mean serum ECP for a 20-year-old man was 25 microg/L. Current smokers have higher serum ECP levels that non-smokers (P = 0.014). ECP levels were not related to the skin prick test reactivity, serum IgE, a questionnaire-based diagnosis of asthma, or impaired lung function (all P > 0.05). Levels were higher in subjects with AHR (P = 0.003) and those who reported wheeze (P = 0.017) but there was no clinically useful separation in ECP levels between subjects classified by these criteria. The test was moderately reproducible over a 4-week period (intraclass correlation coefficient = 0.62). DISCUSSION: Serum ECP levels were higher in this rural English population than reported in a comparable population in Sweden. Serum ECP is a reproducible test but cross-sectionally does not relate in any clinically useful way to markers of asthma. The meaning of between- subject differences in ECP levels requires further exploration. 
PCDD/PCDF/PCB concentrations were measured in samples from four mothers (at delivery and during lactation) and their infants (at birth and the end of first year of life). For two of these mothers it was the second delivery and breast-feeding period, and additional data were available from first lactation period and the first-born infant at the age of 11 to 12 months. Five of the six infants were fully breast-fed for at least 17 weeks. In four of them a distinct PCDD/PCDF/PCB accumulation was observed at the end of the first year of life: concentrations in blood fat were 1.5 to 3.6 times higher than maternal levels measured at the same time. Due to decreasing maternal body burdens during lactation, PCDD/PCDF concentrations at 11 to 12 months of life were only about half as high in the second infant as in the first one at the same age. During second pregnancy, no important change of the concentrations was observed in maternal blood.
This paper presents measured dioxin, dibenzofuran, PCB, DDE and HCB blood and milk levels and estimated body burdens in a mother who nursed twins for thirty-eight months. A total of thirteen milk samples and three blood samples were collected and analyzed. Measured PCDD and PCDF levels in milk decreased from 309 and 21 ng/kg (ppt) to 173 and 9 ng/kg, respectively, between March 1993 and September 1995. Based on the decrease in breast milk dioxin levels, we estimate that the nursing mother reduced her dioxin body burden from 310 to 96 ng dioxin toxic equivalents (TEQs), or approximately 69%. In two and one half years the level of HCB in the mother's milk decreased from 10.7 to less than 1.8 ng/g (ppb), the level of DDE decreased from 246 to 46 ng/g and the total level of non-coplanar PCBs decreased from 285 to 63 ng/g, on a lipid basis. We estimate that the twin's consumption of dioxins, dibenzofurans, and coplanar PCBs from breast feeding was approximately 115 ng TEQ per twin.
Twenty-nine Angora goats were used in a trial of a commercial enterotoxaemia (pulpy kidney disease) vaccine. The animals were allocated to four groups, of which three received an initial dose of vaccine, two also received a booster of the same vaccine either 28 or 42 days after the first vaccination, and the fourth remained as an unvaccinated control group. An indirect ELISA technique was used to measure the titres of Clostridium perfringens type D epsilon antitoxin in serum samples taken before vaccination and 17, 28, 42, 59, 70, 86, 98 and 128 days after vaccination. There was a wide range of antibody titres after vaccination, and the great majority of the vaccinated animals had titres below the protective level, arbitrarily set at 0.25 iu/ml, by day 98.
Phosphatidylethanol is a "pathological" phospholipid, formed via the action of phospholipase D only in the presence of ethanol. The present study was made to elucidate how different levels and patterns of alcohol intake affect blood levels of phosphatidylethanol in comparison with other markers of abuse. We used a new HPLC-evaporative light-scattering detection technique for phosphatidylethanol quantitation. This method had a total coefficient of variation of <20% at the detection limit of 0.2 nmol, equaling 0.8 micromol/liter of whole blood. Two groups were studied. (a) Five healthy volunteers were given 32 to 47 g of ethanol in a single dose, to give blood ethanol levels of approximately 25 mmol/liter after 30 to 60 min. Phosphatidylethanol, carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), and blood ethanol were measured before and after the intake. (b) Twelve student volunteers were studied during a 3 week period of prolonged alcohol consumption (total estimated intake: 1334 +/- 488 g, mean +/- SD) and phosphatidylethanol, serum-CDT, gamma-glutamyltransferase, and blood ethanol were measured at the start of the period (day 1) and twice at the end of the period (days 18 and 21). In group (a), no phosphatidylethanol was detected at any time after ethanol dosage/intake. In group (b), no blood phosphatidylethanol or blood ethanol could be demonstrated at the start, and serum-CDT was below the discrimination limit (1.3%) in all persons. No phosphatidylethanol was detected in those four persons with the lowest intake (742 +/- 150 g). However, the remaining eight persons had detectable levels of phosphatidylethanol (1.0 to 2.1 micromol/liter), and these had a higher total intake (1630 +/- 389 g). There was a statistically significant (p = 0.02) increase in serum CDT for 3 weeks. However, only 3 of 12 persons increased above the discrimination limit. The present results indicate that a substantial alcohol intake is needed to elevate blood phosphatidylethanol. In comparison with serum-CDT, blood phosphatidylethanol appears more sensitive.
Serum carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) is a specific and comparatively sensitive marker of excessive alcohol use; however, reports of its sensitivity vary according to the population or patient groups studied and their average alcohol intake. We have characterized the dose-response curve between alcohol intake and CDT concentrations in a study of 1400 men and women from a community-based twin registry. Our results show that mean CDT increases with increasing reported alcohol consumption even within the range of alcohol use considered to be nonhazardous. We found significant effects of sex, age, smoking, previous alcohol dependence, body mass index, and diastolic hypertension on the alcohol-CDT dose-response curve. These variables either affect test sensitivity or require adjustment of reference intervals. The results also provide insight into the physiological and biochemical factors that affect CDT concentration.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Previous work in this laboratory has shown significant decrease in vitamin E in erythrocytes in blood stored in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) bags plasticized with di-[2-ethyl hexyl] phthalate (DEHP), and in erythrocytes incubated in vitro with DEHP. Since vitamin E is a major antioxidant, a study was carried out to find out whether this decrease observed in vitamin E has an effect on lipid peroxidation in blood stored in DEHP-plasticized PVC blood bags. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Blood was collected in Penpol blood storage bags (which is a DEHP-plasticized PVC bag) and parameters of lipid peroxidation, i.e. activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase, concentration of malondialdehyde (MDA), conjugated dienes, hydroperoxides, glutathione and vitamin E studied in erythrocytes after various periods of storage as compared to glass bottles. Erythrocytes were also incubated in vitro with DEHP with and without vitamin E, and changes in lipid peroxidation studied. RESULTS: Blood stored in Penpol bags showed increased lipid peroxidation in erythrocytes as compared to that stored in glass bottles, as is evident from a greater increase in MDA and a greater decrease in glutathione and a significant decrease in vitamin E. The addition of vitamin E decreased the formation of MDA and conjugated dienes and prevented the decrease in vitamin E. However in spite of increased lipid peroxidation in the presence of DEHP, the release of K+ and hemoglobin from erythrocytes was lower. When there was an increase in DEHP taken up by erythrocytes, there was a corresponding decrease in vitamin E. More important, whenever there was an increase in vitamin E in erythrocytes (when RBCs in the presence of DEHP were incubated with vitamin E), there was a progressive decrease in DEHP. CONCLUSION: DEHP caused increased lipid peroxidation in erythrocytes. At the same time, it decreased the release of K+ and hemoglobin from erythrocytes. It is possible that the stabilizing effect of DEHP on the erythrocyte membrane may offset the detrimental effects of the increased lipid peroxidation it causes. 
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) has emerged as the best new marker for alcohol abuse. Recently plasma immunoglobulin A (IgA) reactivity with acetaldehyde (AcH)-modified proteins, or the modified proteins per se, have been proposed as a markers for high levels of alcohol consumption. In this study, we have compared CDT, IgA reactivity with AcH adducts (IgA ASR), and AcH-modified albumin with conventional markers of high alcohol intake in groups with well-defined drinking histories. The plasma activity of ALT, AST, and gamma-glutamyltransferase increased steadily with increasing alcohol consumption. CDT and AcH-modified albumin showed a similar pattern, whereas IgA ASR appeared only to be elevated after a threshold level of consumption had been reached. Neither CDT IgA ASR or AcH-modified albumin correlated strongly with any of the conventional markers or each other. This study shows that CDT, IgA ASR, AcH-modified albumin, and the conventional markers are not related, but suggests that the concurrent use of CDT and IgA ASR may lead to better identification of high alcohol intake.
Exposure to disinfection by-products (DBPs) of drinking water is multiroute and occurs in households serviced by municipal water treatment facilities that disinfect the water as a necessary step to halt the spread of waterborne infectious diseases. Biomarkers of the two most abundant groups of DBPs of chlorination, exhaled breath levels of trihalomethanes (THMs) and urinary levels of two haloacetic acids, were compared to exposure estimates calculated from in-home tap water concentrations and responses to a questionnaire related to water usage. Background THM breath concentrations were uniformly low. Strong relationships were identified between the THM breath concentrations collected after a shower and both the THM water concentration and the THM exposure from a shower, after adjusting for the postshower delay time in collecting the breath sample. Urinary haloacetic acid excretion rates were not correlated to water concentrations. Urinary trichloroacetic acid excretion rates were correlated with ingestion exposure, and that correlation was stronger in a subset of individuals who consumed beverages primarily within their home where the concentration measurements were made. No correlation was observed between an average 48-hr exposure estimate and the urinary dichloroacetic acid excretion rate, presumably because of its short biological half-life. Valid biomarkers were identified for DBP exposures, but the time between the exposure and sample collection should be considered to account for different metabolic rates among the DBPs. Further, using water concentration as an exposure estimate can introduce misclassification of exposure for DBPs whose primary route is ingestion due to the great variability in the amount of water ingested across a population.
BACKGROUND: The fatty acid composition of the diet is known to be partially reflected by the fatty acid composition of serum lipids. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether pentadecanoic acid (15:0) in serum lipids can be used as a marker for intake of milk fat, the major dietary source of 15:0. We also investigated the relations between intake of milk fat and cardiovascular disease risk factors. DESIGN: Sixty-two 70-y-old men completed 7-d dietary records. The intake of milk products was studied in relation to the proportions of 15:0 in serum cholesterol esters and phospholipids, as well as to the clinical characteristics of these men, by using Spearman's rank correlation. RESULTS: The proportions of 15:0 in serum cholesterol esters were positively related to butter intake (r = 0.36. P = 0.004) and to the total amount of fat from milk products (r = 0.46, P < 0.0001): 15:0 in phospholipids was related to the amount of fat from milk and cream (r = 0.34, P = 0.008) and to the total amount of fat from milk products (r = 0.34, P = 0.008). Inverse associations were found between intake of milk products and body mass index, waist circumference, LDL-HDL ratio, HDL triacylglycerols, and fasting plasma glucose, whereas relations to HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I tended to be positive. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that 15:0 in serum can be used as a marker for intake of milk fat. The explanation for the inverse associations between the intake of milk products and certain cardiovascular risk factors is not known. 
We examined the reproducibility of a second-generation branched-DNA (bDNA) assay (Quantiplex HIV RNA 2.0) for quantification of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) RNA in plasma by retesting 325 specimens on separate runs and on different lots. The performance of the bDNA test was also assessed by data analysis obtained during routine testing of 15,365 specimens. Upon retesting, 96 and 86% of specimens displaying RNA levels above 5,000 and between 500 and 5, 000 copies/ml, respectively, showed less than a 0.3 log10 (twofold) difference with their initial values. Assay variability was found to increase as viral load decreased. Overall, the bDNA version 2.0 assay was found to be a reproducible and efficient test for routine quantification of HIV-1 RNA in plasma.
High intakes of fruits and vegetables and of carotenoids are associated with a lower risk for a variety of chronic diseases. It is therefore important to test the validity of dietary questionnaires that assess these intakes. We compared intakes of five carotenoids, as calculated from responses to the Willett 126-item food-frequency questionnaire, with corresponding biochemical measures. Subjects included 346 women and 201 men, aged 67-93 y, in the Framingham Heart Study. Unadjusted correlations were higher among women than men as follows: alpha-carotene 0.33 and 0.18, beta-carotene, 0.36 and 0.25; beta-cryptoxanthin, 0.44 and 0.32; lycopene, 0.35 and 0.21; and lutein + zeaxanthin, 0.27 and 0.10, respectively. Adjustment for age, energy intake, body mass index (BMI, kg/m2), plasma cholesterol concentrations and smoking reduced the gender differences, respectively, to the following: alpha-carotene 0.30 and 0.28; beta-carotene, 0.34 and 0.31; beta-cryptoxanthin, 0.45 and 0.36; lycopene, 0.36 and 0.31; and lutein + zeaxanthin, 0.24 and 0.14. Plots of adjusted mean plasma carotenoid concentration by quintile of respective carotenoid intake show apparent greater responsiveness among women, compared with men, to dietary intake of alpha- and beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin, but similar blood-diet relationships for lycopene and lutein + zeaxanthin. Reported daily intake of fruits and vegetables correlated most strongly with plasma beta-cryptoxanthin and beta-carotene among women and with plasma alpha- and beta-carotene among men. With the exception of lutein + zeaxanthin, this dietary questionnaire does provide reasonable rankings of carotenoid status among elderly subjects, with the strongest correlations for beta-cryptoxanthin. Appropriate adjustment of confounders is necessary to clarify these associations among men.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the in vivo effect of xanthine oxidase (XO) inhibition by allopurinol on the determination of polymorphic N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2) and cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) with urinary caffeine metabolic ratios. METHODS: In an open, prospective study involving 21 healthy subjects (eight fast, 13 slow NAT2 acetylators) allopurinol (300 mg perday) was administered orally on trial days 1-8, followed by a wash-out period of 8 days. Urinary caffeine tests (200 mg caffeine p.o.) were performed repetitively. Urine was collected for 8 h and venous blood samples for the determination of allopurinol, oxypurinol and uric acid were drawn. The urinary caffeine metabolites 1-methyluric acid (1MU), 1-methylxanthine (1MX), 1,7-dimethyluric acid (17MU), 1,7-dimethylxanthine (17MX), 5-acetylamino-6-formylamino-3-methyluracil (AFMU), plasma allopurinol and oxypurinol were analysed using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). RESULTS: During XO inhibition by allopurinol, the formation of 1MU from 1MX and therefore the XO ratio 1MU/1MX decreased to 15.9 (1.2)% [mean with (SEM)] of baseline values (P < 0.005). The NAT2 ratio AFMU/1MX decreased likewise to 56.7 (6.3)% (P < 0.005). AFMU/(AFMU + 1MX + 1MU), an alternative NAT2 ratio, remained constant, but the CYP1A2 ratio (AFMU + 1MX + 1MU)/17MU, used to express CYP1A2 activity, transiently increased to 167 (13)% (P < 0.005). The NAT2 phenotype did not influence CYP1A2 and XO ratios or plasma oxypurinol pharmacokinetics. CONCLUSIONS: Several caffeine metabolic ratios are commonly used to express the activities of NAT2, CYP1A2 and XO both in healthy volunteers and in polymedicated patients, although their reliability has not been evaluated thoroughly during concurrent drug administration. The findings of this study suggest that NAT2 phenotyping should be performed using the ratio AFMU/(AFMU + 1MX + 1MU) if an XO inhibitor may be present. It also shows that the determination of CYP1A2 activity with caffeine as a metabolic probe is considerably altered under these conditions. Thus, concomitant drug administration may impair the robustness of multiple pathways of the complex caffeine test. This points to the need for alternative probes, designed to assess only the activity of a single enzyme because, in contrast to healthy volunteers, in patients known or unknown drug interactions may often be present. 
PURPOSE: To examine the relationship of instant coffee and brewed coffee with serum lipids and lipoproteins in Japanese men. METHODS: Study subjects were 4587 male self-defense officials aged 48-56 years who had a preretirement health examination at one of the three hospitals of the Self-Defense Forces from October 1986 to December 1992. A self-administered questionnaire ascertained lifestyle characteristics including consumption of a limited number of foods and beverages by all of the men. Serum concentrations of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol were measured, and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels were calculated from the values of TC, TG, and HDL cholesterol. RESULTS: While the consumption of brewed coffee was unrelated to any parameter of serum lipids and lipoproteins, instant coffee consumption showed a highly significant positive association with serum LDL cholesterol levels and an inverse association with serum TG levels. After adjustment for body mass index, smoking, alcohol use, green tea consumption, rank, and hospital, for each cup of instant coffee per day, LDL cholesterol levels were 0.82 mg/dl (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.29-1.35) higher, and TG levels in a natural log-scale were 0.014 mg/dl (95% CI 0.006-0.022) lower. There was also a tendency for a positive association between instant coffee intake and serum TC levels (trend p = 0.09). HDL cholesterol levels were unrelated to instant coffee consumption. These associations did not change after additional adjustment for selected foods and beverages associated with serum lipids and lipoproteins. CONCLUSIONS: The findings suggest that instant coffee, not brewed coffee, may be associated with raised levels of serum LDL cholesterol and decreased levels of serum TG. 
Meats cooked at high temperatures contain mutagenic heterocyclic amines such as 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ). In female Fischer 344 rats, IQ is a multiorgan carcinogen, whereas PhIP induces mammary adenocarcinomas. For IQ and PhIP, N-hydroxylation, catalyzed by microsomal cytochrome P-450 1A1 and/or 1A2, and then esterification, especially O-acetylation, are the principal steps leading to DNA adduct formation. Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a mixture of conjugated linoleic acid isomers found in various meat and dairy products. We have examined the effect of dietary CLA on DNA adduct formation by PhIP and IQ in female Fischer 344 rats. Four-week-old animals were maintained on AIN-76A diet without or with CLA (4% wt/wt) and treated with IQ or PhIP (50 mg/kg by gavage) after two weeks. Animals were killed (4/group) one, four, and eight days later. DNA isolated from mammary epithelial cells, liver, colon, and white blood cells was analyzed for carcinogen-DNA adducts by 32P-postlabeling assays. On Day 1, dietary CLA significantly inhibited adduct formation (82.0%) in mammary epithelial cells in IQ--but not in PhIP-treated rats. In the colon, dietary CLA significantly inhibited PhIP-DNA adduct formation (18.7%) on Day 8 but increased IQ-DNA adduct formation (30.5%) on Day 8. Dietary CLA had no effect on adduct levels in liver or white blood cells. Calf thymus DNA was incubated with N-hydroxy-PhIP or -IQ in the presence of acetyl-CoA. Enzymatic activation was catalyzed by liver or mammary cytosol. A two-week pretreatment with 2% (wt/wt) dietary CLA had no effect on O-acetyltransferase-catalyzed IQ- or PhIP-DNA adduct formation. It is concluded, under certain conditions, that dietary CLA can lower IQ- and PhIP-DNA adduct formation. Overall, however, the major mode of action of CLA is probably by a mechanism other than the inhibition of the N-hydroxylation and subsequent O-acetylation of PhIP or IQ.
This review describes a series of studies on the tumorigenic activities of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in various experimental animal model systems, their abilities to form PAH-DNA adducts in target tissues, and their abilities to mutate ras oncogenes in PAH-induced tumors. The review is limited to those PAHs that do not contain nitrogen, for which ras mutations have been detected in induced tumors, and for which some information is available about the structures of the DNA adducts induced in the target tissue. In general, PAHs that form DNA adducts at deoxyadenosine induce mutations at codon 61, whereas those PAHs that form DNA adducts at deoxyguanosine primarily induce mutations at codons 12 or 13. Those PAHs that induce adducts at both bases induce both types of mutations. These correlations provide evidence for the involvement of adduct-directed mutations in ras in the etiology of these tumors. The induced mutation spectra in ras may in fact point back to the identity of the type of adduct formed.
Reports on intraindividual changes of DNA adduct levels in humans are rare. Most of the data available in the literature are from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and are measured in white blood cells with 32P-postlabeling or immunochemical assays. Surprisingly, environmental exposure can have a larger effect on PAH adduct levels than occupational exposure, food or smoking. Highest (13-fold) summer/winter increments, due to indoor heating were observed in Gliwice, Poland. Further studies of environmental PAH exposure confirm the environmental influence on intraindividual changes in PAHs-DNA adduct levels: studies of the Teplice program, (Czech Republic) and studies with US soldiers, stationed in Germany who went for a 8-week period of duty to Kuwait. Variations in occupational exposure, e.g., changing of anode material in aluminium plants (elevation factor 3.94), layoffs, reduced working hours in iron foundries or vacation also led to intraindividual changes in PAH adduct levels. Increase in PAH adduct levels after consumption of charcoal broiled meat evidently depends on individual susceptibility, e.g., polymorphism. In one person a 7.4-fold increment was observed. PAH adduct levels were not significantly influenced by smoking cessation whereas sister chromatid exchanges significantly decreased. Changes in occupational exposure to styrene in lamination plants, e.g., due to vacation, did not significantly influence styrene-O6-dG adduct levels in lymphocytes and granulocytes as determined by 32P-postlabeling. Increase of N7-methylguanine and O6-methylguanine levels were followed in white blood cells during treatment of cancer patients with dacarbazine and allowed insights into pharmacokinetic properties. According to a rough estimation the high increment in the PAHs-DNA adduct level of about 13 observed in Gliwice (see above) would result in a tentative increase in cancer risk from about 1 death/107 inhabitants to approximately 10 deaths/107 inhabitants which, in general, is considered as acceptable.
BACKGROUND: Substitution of soy protein for casein in the diet decreases LDL cholesterol and increases HDL cholesterol. How the 2 proteins affect lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease, is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We compared the effects of dietary soy protein and casein on plasma Lp(a) concentrations. DESIGN: Nine normolipidemic men were studied initially while consuming their habitual, self-selected diets, and then, in a crossover design, while consuming 2 liquid-formula diets containing either casein or soy protein. The dietary periods lasted 45 d (n = 7) or 33 d (n = 2). Fasting total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerol, and Lp(a) concentrations were measured throughout. RESULTS: After 30 d of each diet, the mean concentration of Lp(a) was not significantly different after the soy-protein and self-selected diets. However, Lp(a) decreased by an average of 50% (P < 0.001) after the casein diet as compared with concentrations after both the soy-protein and self-selected diets. Two weeks after subjects switched from the self-selected to the soy-protein diet, Lp(a) increased by 20% (P = 0.065), but subsequently decreased to baseline. In contrast, the switch to the casein diet did not cause an increase in Lp(a), but instead a continuing decrease in mean concentrations to 65% below baseline (P < 0.0002). Total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were significantly lower > or =30 d after both the casein and soy-protein diets than after the self-selected diet (P < 0.001). HDL cholesterol was 11% higher after the soy-protein diet than after the casein diet (P < 0.002), but LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and triacylglycerol were not significantly different after the casein and soy-protein diets. CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that soy protein may have an Lp(a)-raising effect, potentially detrimental to its use in antiatherogenic diets. 
The migration of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) from dialyzers was studied in 21 patients with chronic renal failure undergoing maintenance hemodialysis. The circulating concentrations of DEHP were measured by high performance liquid chromatography in blood of patients obtained from the inlet and the outlet of the dialyzer during a 4-h dialysis session. During treatment of renal failure using plasticized tubing, the plasma level of DEHP increased. On average, an estimated 75.2 mg of DEHP was extracted from the dialyzer during a single dialysis session, with a range of 44.3-197. 1 mg. On the other hand, the total amount of DEHP retained by the patient during the dialysis session was evaluated by the difference between the AUCout and the AUCin and ranged from 3.6 to 59.6 mg. The rate of extraction of DEHP from the dialyzer was correlated (r=0.705, P<0.05) with serum lipid content (cholesterol and triglyceride).So, we confirmed that patients on hemodialysis are always regularly exposed to considerable amounts of DEHP. However, several metabolic effects have been reported in various animal species following treatment with DEHP, such as changes in lipid metabolism and in hepatic microsomal drug-metabolizing enzyme activities. DEHP is now a well-known hepatic peroxisomal proliferator in rodents and an inducer of many peroxisomal and non-peroxisomal enzymes. So, lipid metabolism modifications and hepatic changes observed in hemodialysis patients could be explained from chronic exposition to DEHP. In the coming years, it seems necessary to reconsider the use of DEHP as a plasticizer in medical devices. Highly unacceptable amounts of DEHP leached during the dialysis session could be easily avoided by careful selection of hemodialysis tubing.
Dioxins, furans, and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are toxic, persist in the environment, and bioaccumulate to concentrations that can be harmful to humans. Sport anglers may be exposed to these residues via consumption of contaminated Great Lakes (GL) fish. The Health Departments of five GL states, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio, Illinois, and Indiana, formed a consortium to study body burden levels of chemical residues in fish consumers of Lakes Michigan, Huron, and Erie. In Fall 1993, a telephone survey was administered to sport angler households to obtain fish consumption habits and demographics. A blood sample was obtained from a portion of the study subjects. One hundred serum samples were analyzed for 8 dioxin, 10 furan, and 4 coplanar PCB congeners. Multiple linear regression was conducted to assess the predictability of the following covariates: GL sport fish species, age, BMI, gender, years sport fish consumed, and lake. Of the 100 subjects, there were 58 men; 35 consumed sport fish from Lake Michigan, 29 from Lake Huron, and 36 from Lake Erie. The overall average number of GL sport fish meals consumed in the previous 12 months was 43. Lake Erie male and female consumers, on average, ate more GL sport fish, a mean of 57 and 42 meals, respectively, than men and women from the other two lake subgroups. Median total dioxin toxic equivalents (TEq), total furan TEq, and total coplanar PCB TEq were higher among all men than all women (P=0.0001). Lake trout, salmon, age, BMI, and gender were significant regression predictors of log(total coplanar PCBs). Lake trout, age, gender, and lake were significant regression predictors of log(total furans). Age was the only significant predictor of total dioxin levels.
A two-season exercise was undertaken in 29 high-level sportfish consumers to evaluate the reliability and accuracy of study instruments. Fishers were invited to participate after completing the main study interview (Time 1) in fall 1995 or winter 1996. Over a 4-week period, they provided a nonconsecutive 7-day weighed food record, kept a fish consumption calendar, and responded to a shortened version of the Time 1 instrument at the end of this period (Time 2). A second blood sample (at Time 2) was analyzed for whole blood mercury (Hg) and the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in plasma and erythrocytes. Identical questions were compared in the Time 1 and Time 2 instruments. Reported sportfish consumption assessed by the different instruments was subjected to nutrient analysis. Three estimates of exposure to the target substances were derived from the dietary intake estimates and correlated with their respective Time 2 plasma (EPA, DHA) or blood (Hg) values, and with a kinetically derived interval-specific plasma/blood uptake value. Remarkable similarities were observed for the data derived from like questions in the Time 1 and 2 questionnaires in both seasons. However, frank discrepancies between some portion size estimates and measured values may signal cause for concern. The strongest correlations between the Time 2 plasma DHA and EPA, and blood Hg, and the three exposure indices emerged between estimates of retrospective DHA intake and DHA fish calendar values and their corresponding Time 2 plasma levels, and for Hg estimated both retrospectively and from the fish consumption calendar and correlated with Time 2 blood Hg, especially in the winter 1996 dataset. Overall, the results suggest that the main study instrument provides a reliable and relatively accurate indication of sportfishers' fishing practices, species selection, and sportfish consumption habits.
A study was conducted to assess local fish consumption patterns and their relationship to concentrations of total polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the serum of Mohawk men residing near three hazardous waste sites. From 1992 to 1995, 139 men were interviewed and donated a 20-ml venous blood sample. The results indicated that the men ate a mean of 21.2 local fish meals during the past year, compared with annual means of 27.7 meals 1-2 years before and 88.6 meals more than 2 years before (P<0.001 for test of trend). This change is probably a consequence of advisories issued against the consumption of local fish, since 97% of the men were aware of the advisories and two-thirds had changed their behavior as a result. Multiple regression analysis revealed that serum PCB levels increased with age (beta=0.036, P<0.001) and local fish consumption (beta=0.088, P=0.006). The data suggest that local fish consumption has contributed to body burdens in this population and that the advisories have been effective in modifying local fish consumption habits.
Serum or plasma levels of Lp(a) vary widely between individuals and are higher in Africans and their descendants compared with white persons. In whites, high serum levels of Lp(a) are associated with the premature development of atherosclerosis. In both ethnic groups, serum Lp(a) levels are highly genetically determined and only a few environmental or physiological factors, like testosterone or estrogen, have been shown to lower serum Lp(a) levels. In whites, alcohol consumption is associated with lower serum Lp(a) levels. However, the mechanism underlying this association and whether it holds true for blacks is not known. To address these questions, we analyzed serum Lp(a) levels in 333 middle-aged males of African descent from the Seychelles Islands (Indian Ocean). In addition, we analyzed the size of the apo(a) isoforms and the serum levels of albumin and sex hormones in a subset of 279 subjects. Serum Lp(a) levels were similar in teetotalers (median, 32.5 mg/dL; n=42) and occasional drinkers (median, 34.1 mg/dL; n=112). In contrast, individuals consuming 10 to 80 g of ethanol/d (n=83) and heavy drinkers (>80 g of ethanol/d, n=96) had a 9% and 32% lower median Lp(a) level than teetotalers, respectively (P=0.01). The size distribution of the apo(a) isoforms and the mean serum levels of albumin, estradiol, and luteinizing hormone were similar in teetotalers and occasional drinkers compared with moderate and heavy drinkers. These latter 2 groups had lower serum levels of testosterone and sex hormone-binding globulin. These data indicate that alcohol intake is associated in a dose-dependent manner with lower serum Lp(a) levels in males of African descent and that this association is not related to the size of the apo(a) isoforms, to the synthetic function of the liver, or to sex hormone biochemical status.
Children in low-income families may have high exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Such exposures could result from household proximity to heavy traffic or industrial sources, environmental tobacco smoke, contaminated house dust or soil, among others. The objectives of this study were: to establish methods for measuring total PAH exposure of children in low-income families, to estimate the PAH exposures of these children, and to estimate the relative importance of the environmental pathways for PAH exposure. Analytical methods to determine PAH in air, dust, soil, and food and to determine hydroxy-PAH in urine samples were evaluated and validated. A two-home pilot study was conducted in downtown Durham, North Carolina (NC) during February 1994. One smoker's and one nonsmoker's household, which had preschool children and income at or below the official U.S. poverty level, participated. A nine-home winter and a nine-home summer study were conducted in Durham and the NC Piedmont area during February 1995 and August 1995, respectively. A summer study in four smokers' homes was also conducted. In each of these studies, multimedia samples were collected and analyzed for PAH or hydroxy-PAH. Summary statistics, Pearson correlations, and analysis of variance were performed on the combined data from these four field studies. An effective screening method was established for recruiting low-income families. The field protocol involved measurements of three homes in 2-day periods. This protocol should be suitable for large-scale studies. The results showed that indoor PAH levels were generally higher than outdoor PAH levels. Higher indoor PAH levels were observed in the smokers' homes compared to nonsmokers' homes. Higher outdoor PAH levels were found in inner city as opposed to rural areas. The relative concentration trend for PAH in dust and soil was: house dust > entryway dust > pathway soil. The PAH concentrations in adults' food samples were generally higher than those in children's food samples. Children's potential daily doses of PAH were higher than those of adults in the same household, when intakes were normalized to body weights. Inhalation is an important pathway for children's exposure to total PAH because of the high levels of naphthalene present in both indoor and outdoor air. Dietary ingestion and nondietary ingestion pathways became more important for children's exposure to the B2 PAH (ranked as probable human carcinogens, B2 by the U.S. EPA's Integrated Risk System), most of which are of low volatility. The analysis of variance results showed that inner city participants had higher total exposure to B2 PAH than did rural participants.
The sequences of the hypervariable region 1 (HV1) of the mitochondrial DNA control region from multiple hair shafts from 10 unrelated individuals were compared to determine the frequency of differences in hairs from one individual. The extraction method described herein showed an average success rate of 67% for all 150 hair shafts tested in HV1. The mtDNA sequences from the hair shafts matched the sequences from the corresponding blood and saliva samples taken from the same donor and no evidence of heteroplasmy was found. The results emphasize the reliability of DNA extraction and mtDNA typing from human hair shafts for forensic purposes.
Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea) is a forage grass that is widely used in pastures in the eastern US for cattle, sheep and horses. The endophytic fungus Neotyphodium coenophialum is endemic in tall fescue pastures in the US. The turfgrass industry intentionally infects fescue cultivars with strains of the fungus to impart desirable growth and disease tolerance qualities to the plants. In contrast, ergot and pyrrolizidine alkaloid toxins produced by fungus-infected plants have been incriminated causally in bovine tall fescue toxicosis, a poorly defined syndrome of morbidity that occurs in cattle that consume endophyte-infected tall fescue (E+TF). We compared the serum biochemistry profiles from cattle that grazed E+TF with those from control cattle that grazed on endophyte-free tall fescue (E-TF). Cattle were bled on 7 dates from April 1 to August 30, 1996 and on 5 dates from May 1 to July 30, 1997. Cattle that grazed E+TF retained rough winter haircoats and had lesser weight gains, typical of tall fescue toxicosis, compared to those grazing E-TF. They had decreased activities of alkaline phosphatase and alanine aminotransferase. Compared to controls, they had lower values for serum prolactin and globulin concentrations. The concentration of creatinine and the albumin/globulin ratio were increased in the cattle grazing E+TF. Isozyme determination of alkaline phosphatase indicated that the decrease in serum activity of cattle grazing E+TF was due to decreases in both intestinal and bone isozymes. Serum protein electrophoresis indicated that the decrease in serum globulin concentration was due to decreases in both alpha and gamma globulin fractions of this protein. The data collected in these experiments add to our understanding of the alterations that occur in the serum chemistry profiles when cattle consume E+TF for prolonged periods of time.
BACKGROUND: Changes in plasma leptin concentration and food intake occur during the menstrual cycle; because leptin regulates food intake, one could hypothesize that changes in plasma leptin concentration and in food intake are associated throughout the menstrual cycle. However, no data have ever been provided to support such a relationship. The aim of our study was to investigate, during the different phases of the menstrual cycle, (a) the changes in plasma leptin concentration and, if such changes were demonstrated, (b) the potential relationship between the changes in plasma leptin concentration and food intake. DESIGN: The study was designed as an observational study. The plasma leptin concentration was determined in 16 healthy, young women during different phases of the menstrual cycle. At the same time, the basal metabolic rate (BMR), respiratory quotient (RQ) and food intake (FI) were also determined. RESULTS: The plasma leptin concentration increased throughout the menstrual cycle (P < 0.01 for trend) and was significantly correlated with plasma progesterone concentration (r = 0.55, P < 0.007, for follicular phase, r = 0.58, P < 0.02, for the periovulatory period and r = 0.57, P < 0.02, for the luteal phase). No significant differences in BMR and fasting RQ throughout the different phases of the menstrual cycle were found. In contrast, FI significantly declined in the periovulatory phase. No significant correlations between BMR, RQ and FI values and fasting plasma leptin concentration at all menstrual phases were found. CONCLUSION: Changes in plasma leptin concentration and in food intake were found at different phases of the menstrual cycle. Nevertheless, no correlation among those parameters at any phase of the menstrual cycle was observed. 
The aim of this study was to estimate the long-term (month-to-month) between-dog, within-dog and analytical components of variance for fasting plasma glucose and serum fructosamine in healthy dogs to assess the usefulness of a single measurement of these analytes in a single dog. Fasting plasma glucose and serum fructosamine were measured in blood samples collected every month for 9 months from 23 clinically healthy dogs, and the results were subjected to nested analysis of variance. The between-dog variation, the within-dog variation, and the analytical variation were 3.8%, 9.5% and 3.7%, respectively, for plasma glucose and 4.2%, 11.1% and 2.8%, respectively, for serum fructosamine. The maximum allowable analytical imprecision, analytical inaccuracy and difference between analytical methods were 4.8%, 2.6% and 3.2%, respectively, for plasma glucose and 5.6%, 3.0% and 3.7%, respectively, for serum fructosamine. The index of individuality, 2.7 for both analytes, indicated that the test results from single dogs can be compared usefully to the corresponding population-based reference intervals. The number of samples required to estimate the true individual mean value +/-5% for a single dog was 16 for fasting plasma glucose and 20 for serum fructosamine. The one- and two-sided critical differences expressing the difference needed for two serial results from the same dog to be significantly different at a 5% level was 24% and 28%, respectively, for plasma glucose and 27% and 32%, respectively, for serum fructosamine.
In recent years, large discrepancies were described in the success rate of the tyrosinase reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) for detecting melanoma cells in the peripheral blood of melanoma patients. We present a quality control study in which we analysed the reproducibility of detection of tyrosinase and MART-1 transcripts in 106 blood samples from 68 melanoma patients (mainly stages III and IV). With this study, we aimed to improve insight in the reproducibility of a RT-PCR for the detection of (minimal) amounts of circulating melanoma cells. We performed two reverse transcriptions on each mRNA sample and performed tyrosinase and MART-1 nested PCRs in duplicate per cDNA sample. Thus, four tyrosinase and four MART-1 measurements were performed per blood sample. In our study, the majority of blood samples was negative for tyrosinase (80%) or MART-1 (66%). Only four samples were positive in all four determinations for tyrosinase and seven for MART-1. Variable results (1-3 times positive results) were obtained for tyrosinase and MART-1 in 16% and 27% respectively. MART-1 PCR had a better performance than tyrosinase PCR. Sensitivity increased when both markers were used. We reasoned that the low number of melanoma marker PCR-positive blood samples can be explained by differences in mRNA quality. By using real-time quantitative PCR, we found that this was not the case: amplification of porphobilinogen deaminase (PBGD), a low copy household gene, was not different in blood samples in which a melanoma marker was not detected from groups in which this marker was detected more or less consistently (1-4 times). When applying real-time quantitative PCR for tyrosinase and MART-1, we found that a low amount of SK-MEL-28 cell equivalents was present in the blood of melanoma patients, with a higher number of equivalents in the group with a consistently positive result. We conclude that low reproducibility of a repeated assay for the detection of circulating melanoma cells is not caused by differences in mRNA quality between the samples, but due to low numbers of amplifiable target mRNA molecules in the mRNA sample. Use of more than one marker and repetition of the assay will increase the probability of finding positive PCR results.
One striking paradox in epidemiologic research is the strong association between diet and cancer in ecologic studies compared with the weaker associations reported in many within-country case-control and cohort studies. However, most ecologic studies have relied on indirect measures of dietary intake, such as food disappearance data. The objectives of our study were to assess the feasibility of collecting dietary and biomarker data from individuals living in countries having markedly different dietary patterns and cultures and to examine the magnitude of the between-country variation in their measurement. Adults surveyed in Shanghai (China), Costa Rica and King County (Washington, USA) completed a 24-hr dietary recall, a cancer risk factor survey, and provided a blood sample. We analyzed a subset of the blood specimens for vitamins C, E, carotenoids and phospholipid fatty acids. We observed substantial differences in nutrient intakes and in mean plasma concentrations of dietary biomarkers across the study populations. For example, King County participants had the highest daily intake of vitamin C (mean 78.3 +/- 12.2 mg compared with 42.6 +/- 38.3 mg in Shanghai and 34.8 +/- 43.8 mg in Costa Rica). The mean plasma vitamin C level in King County was also the highest of the 3 study sites: 927.9 +/- 43.9 microg/dl in King County, 585.7 +/- 35.9 microg/dl in Shanghai and 461.1 +/- 33.1 microg/dl in Costa Rica. Plasma trans fatty acids (a biomarker of a diet high in hydrogenated fats) were highest in King County and lowest in Shanghai.
OBJECTIVE: To determine if a relationship exists between blood glucose control and variability in nutrient intake from day-to-day in subjects with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Two three-day diet records and one measurement of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) were obtained from 272 subjects with type 1 diabetes treated with a mixture of regular and NPH insulins before breakfast and supper and using a standardized algorithm to adjust insulin dose according to the results of self-monitoring of blood glucose two to four times daily. Day-to-day variation in nutrient intake was expressed as the coefficient of variation (CV = SDx100/mean). RESULTS: Nutrient intakes in the study population (mean +/- SD) were energy 8.35+/-2.43 MJ, fat 81+/-30 g, protein 94+/-28 g, carbohydrate 227+/-68 g, starch 126+/-38 g and dietary fiber 20+/-6 g with diet glycemic index being 84.2+/-7.4. Neither energy, nutrient intakes nor insulin dose was significantly related to HbA1c. Day-to-day variation of carbohydrate (p = 0.0097) and starch (p = 0.0016) intakes and diet glycemic index (p = 0.033) was positively related to HbA1c, and the associations remained significant when adjusted for age, sex, duration of diabetes and BMI. Day-to-day variation in energy, protein or fat intakes was not related to HbA1c. CONCLUSIONS: Consistency in the amount and source of carbohydrate intake from day-to-day is associated with improved blood glucose control in people with type 1 diabetes, a result which supports continued educational efforts to achieve adherence to a diabetes diet plan. This conclusion may not apply to people on intensified insulin therapy who adjust their insulin dose based on their actual carbohydrate intake at each meal. 
We determined the allelic (X+/X-, M+/M-, and E+/E-) distribution frequencies of the XbaI, MspI, and EcoRI restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) in the apolipoprotein B gene in a control group of 374 healthy Chinese, Malays, and Indians and in a hyperlipidemic cohort of 131 Chinese patients. Covariability between the RFLPs and serum lipid, lipoprotein, and apolipoprotein concentrations was also studied. We found a lower frequency (average 0.0829) of the X+ allele and higher frequencies of the E+ (average 0.9452) and M+ (average 0.9772) alleles in our study population compared with frequencies reported in other populations. The 3 polymorphic sites did not contribute to significant variations in lipid levels (p > 0.1 in all cases). Also, there was no significant variation in genotype frequencies between the control subjects and the hyperlipidemic subjects. Despite their relative close proximity within the APOB gene sequence, the 3 polymorphic sites did not show any significant linkage disequilibrium. However, the presence of the X+ cutting site was in linkage disequilibrium with the Del allele of the 5' insertion-deletion polymorphism and the E-allele was in linkage disequilibrium with the 3' VNTR located near the 3' end of the coding region of the APOB gene.
OBJECTIVES: Examine the reproducibility of plasma lipid and lipoprotein measurements in the HERITAGE Family Study. DESIGN AND METHODS: In a sample of 379 subjects (191 men and 188 women), reproducibility was determined for lipids, lipoproteins (done on two occasions) and post-heparin lipase assays using an Intracenter Quality Control study by generating split samples from an additional 60 subjects (35 men and 25 women), which were assayed in a blind fashion by the lipid core laboratory. Reproducibility was estimated using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) for the selected variables. Analytical error (ANER) and coefficient of variation (CV) were also calculated. Day-to-day variation for 10 variables including plasma cholesterol and triglycerides (TG), HDL-cholesterol and its subfractions HDL2-cholesterol and HDL3-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and VLDL-cholesterol, as well as apoprotein (apo) A-I, apo B, and LDL-apo B were assessed. RESULTS: In the HERITAGE study, all lipid and lipoprotein variables had ICC above 0.79. Plasma VLDL-cholesterol (31 %) and TG (23%) levels, which are well known to be highly variable from one day to another, had CVs greater than 20%. Other variables had CVs lower than 10% except for HDL2-cholesterol which reached 16%. In the intracenter reliability sub-study, the measurement errors were found to be low except for HDL2-cholesterol. For the lipases, the reproducibility of repeated samples was very high, with ICC over 0.95. The within-assay CV corresponded to 2.1 and 5.3% for hepatic lipase (HL) and lipoprotein lipase (LPL), respectively, whereas the between-assay CV reached 8-12% for HL and about 15% for LPL. Due to the complexity of these two assays, the results are considered to be quite satisfactory. CONCLUSIONS: The reproducibility of plasma lipid and lipoprotein measurements, as well as of post-heparin lipase activities, is good in the multicenter HERITAGE Family Study. In addition, the well-documented gender difference in the plasma lipoprotein profile was confirmed in the present study, women having lower fasting triglyceride and LDL-cholesterol levels than men as well as reduced cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol and increased HDL2-cholesterol/ HDL3-cholesterol ratios compared to men. Results of the present study support the notion that the higher LPL and low HL activities found in women compared to men are important factors contributing to explain gender difference in the lipoprotein profile. However, additional factors not examined in the present study are involved beyond the contribution of post-heparin lipase to the sex dimorphism in plasma lipoprotein levels. 
Exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in 65 employees (40 sampled both in summer and winter, 15 sampled in summer only, and 10 sampled in winter only) with no occupational exposure to PAHs was assessed by measuring: personal exposure to pyrene, urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), and benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide adducts to hemoglobin (BPDE-Hb). Overall, office employees were exposed to significantly higher levels of pyrene in winter (4.54 +/- 2.35 ng/m3, mean +/- SD) than in summer (1.67 +/- 1.92 ng/m3, mean +/- SD; P < 0.001), but no such seasonal variability was observed in 1-OHP excretion. Tobacco smoking was the major determinant of 1-OHP excretion. BPDE-Hb adducts were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry as benzo(a)pyrene tetrols (BPT) released from adducted hemoglobin. In the 65 employees analyzed, mean BPT levels +/- SD were higher in winter (0.14 +/- 0.38 fmol/mg Hb) than summer (0.031 +/- 0.022 fmol/mg Hb). This difference was not statistically significant, probably because of the small proportion of subjects with detectable adducts (11% in summer and 16% in winter). BPDE-Hb adducts were not significantly associated with sex, age, diet, smoking habits, or with pyrene levels and 1-OHP excretion. This is the first report providing reference BPDE-Hb adduct values for the general population not occupationally exposed to environmental PAHs and shows a tendency to seasonal variability, with higher BPT levels in winter when environmental PAHs are also high.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the test-retest reliability of the cough stress test in women who present with complaints of urinary incontinence. METHODS: This prospective observational study involved 50 women between the ages of 28 and 78 years with primary complaints of urinary incontinence. All subjects underwent a pelvic examination, cystometrogram, and a cough stress test. The cough stress test was performed in the standing position at a bladder volume of 300 mL or at maximum cystometric capacity if it was less than 300 mL. The results of the cough stress test were recorded as positive if urine loss occurred with a cough or as negative if no urine loss was seen and the bladder volume was recorded. The women returned in 1-4 weeks for a second cough stress test performed at the same bladder volume as at the initial examination. RESULTS: Of the 50 women studied, 45 (90%) had similar results with both cough stress tests. Thirty-five had a positive cough stress test on the initial examination, and 32 of these patients (91%) also had a positive cough stress test at a repeat visit. Fifteen patients had a negative initial cough stress test, and 13 of these 15 (87%) had a negative cough stress test on repeat examination. All 20 patients diagnosed as having pure genuine stress incontinence had a positive cough stress test on initial and repeat examinations. Of the 15 patients diagnosed with detrusor instability or sensory urge incontinence, 13 (86%) had negative cough stress tests on initial and repeat examinations. Of the 15 patients diagnosed with mixed incontinence, 12 (80%) had positive cough stress tests on initial and repeat examinations. CONCLUSION: The cough stress test appears to be a reliable test. The reliability is more consistent in women with a diagnosis of pure genuine stress incontinence. 
OBJECTIVE: The objective in our study was to quantitate benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) metabolites by a combination of immunoaffinity chromatography and high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) with fluorescence detection in urine from workers exposed to high levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Furthermore, by the simultaneous quantitation of 1-hydroxypyrene, the correlation between the B[a]P-tetrol and 1-hydroxypyrene would provide a means of evaluating the validity of 1-hydroxypyrene as a surrogate biomarker for occupational exposure to the potent carcinogen B[a]P in an electrode paste plant. METHODS: The study was carried out at an electrode paste plant that produces electrode paste for Sderberg electrodes. A total of 34 pre- and post-shift urine samples and 17 personal air samples were collected from 17 workers during a normal work week. The concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene was measured in all urine samples. A recent method of quantitating B[a]P-r-7, t-8, t-9, c-10-tetrol in urine of humans exposed to low levels of PAH has been described. A modified version of this method involving purification of urine samples on immunoaffinity columns and HPLC analysis with fluorescence detection was used on urine samples from workers exposed to high levels of PAH. A monoclonal antibody (8E11) with binding affinity to B[a]P-tetrols was used. This antibody also binds several PAH-DNA adducts and metabolites, including 1-hydroxypyrene. Gas chromatography/mass spectroscopy (GC/MS) was also used for identification of metabolites isolated by HPLC fractionation. RESULTS: From personal air sampling the mean exposure to particulate PAHs was 38 microg/m3. The mean concentration of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was 3.9 micromol/mol creatinine in preshift samples and 10.2 micromol/mol creatinine in postshift samples. We could not identify detectable amounts of urinary B[a]P-tetrol by HPLC or fluorescence spectroscopy after purification on immunoaffinity columns. However, in the HPLC analysis we identified several hydroxyphenantrene metabolites that were detected at relatively high concentrations in all of the workers' urine samples. We could not separate 2- and 3-hydroxyphenanthrene (2 + 3-OH-Phe) in peak 1, and peak 2 contained both 1- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene (1 + 9-OH-Phe). The phenanthrene metabolites were mainly conjugated to glucuronic acid and sulfate. There was a significant correlation between the 1-hydroxypyrene concentration and 2 + 3-OH-Phe (r = 0.73) and 1 + 9-OH-Phe (r = 0.64) in the urine samples. 1-Hydroxypyrene was measured in all post-shift urine samples but was not significantly correlated with workplace pyrene exposure, indicating that skin exposure is an important route of pyrene exposure in this factory. As with 1-hydroxypyrene, dermal PAH uptake may also account for the poor correlation between 2 + 3- and 1 + 9-OH-Phe and ambient phenanthrene. DISCUSSION: Since dermal uptake is likely to be important in occupational PAH exposure in addition to inhalation, estimation of total PAH exposure is best achieved by quantitation of PAHs excreted into body fluids. However, it remains unclear whether there might be a difference in uptake and urinary excretion of 3-ring, 4-ring, or 5-ring PAHs and in the correlation between these metabolites and ambient-air PAH measurements. In summary, using immunaffinity chromatography, we did not find detectable amounts of B[a]P-tetrol in urine from workers occupationally exposed to PAH. However, by an HPLC/immunoaffinity method, relatively high amounts of 1-hydroxypyrene as well as 2 + 3- and 1 + 9-OH-Phe were quantitated in the urine samples, both of which are relevant as biomarkers of PAH exposure. 
BACKGROUND: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of naturally occurring fatty acids mainly present in fats from ruminants. CLA has been shown to be a potential anticarcinogen. OBJECTIVE: In this study, the relation between bovine milk fat intake and the occurrence of CLA in human adipose tissue was investigated. DESIGN: One hundred twenty-three men weighed and recorded the foods they consumed for 1 wk. Afterward, recall interviews were conducted by telephone monthly for 7 consecutive months to inquire about food consumption during the previous 24 h. The entire dietary recording procedure was repeated once. The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum was analyzed. RESULTS: The average amount of one isomer of CLA--9-cis,11-trans-octadecadienoic acid (9c,11t-18:2)--as a percentage of total fatty acids was found to be 0.50% in adipose tissue and 0.25% in serum. The amount of 9c,11t-18:2 in adipose tissue was significantly correlated with milk fat intake (r = 0.42). The percentage of 9c,11t-18:2 in both adipose tissue and in serum was strongly correlated with myristoleic acid (14:1). CONCLUSION: The amount of 9c,11t-18:2 in human adipose tissue was significantly related to milk fat intake. 
BACKGROUND: The potential benefits of increasing calcium intake in small children must be balanced with the potential risk to iron utilization from high calcium intakes. OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to evaluate the relation between calcium intake and calcium absorption and iron incorporation into red blood cells. DESIGN: We performed a multitracer, crossover study of the absorption of calcium and red blood cell incorporation of iron in 11 preschool children aged 3-5 y who had been adapted for 5 wk to low- (502 +/- 99 mg) and high- (1180 +/- 117 mg) calcium diets. Stable-isotope studies were performed by using 44Ca and 58Fe given orally with meals and 46Ca given intravenously. RESULTS: Iron incorporation into red blood cells 14 d postdosing was similar (6.9 +/- 4.2% compared with 7.9 +/- 5.5%; NS) with the low- and high-calcium diets, respectively. Total calcium absorption (181 +/- 50 compared with 277 +/- 91 mg/d; P = 0.002) was greater in children with the higher calcium intake. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that small children may benefit from calcium intakes similar to those recommended for older children without adverse effects on dietary iron utilization. 
The authors examined the validity of a self-administered 180-item food frequency questionnaire in 125 Norwegian men aged 20-55 years who filled in the questionnaire and completed 14-day weighed records in fall 1995 to winter 1995/6. Spearman correlation coefficients between the two measurements ranged from 0.42 for percent of energy from fat to 0.66 for sugar intake (median r = 0.51). On average, 39% of the men were classified in the same quartile with the two methods, and 3% in the opposite quartile. Correlation coefficients between intake of fatty acids estimated from the questionnaire and the relative amounts of fatty acids in adipose tissue were: linoleic acid (18:2, n-6), r = 0.38; alpha-linolenic acid (18:3, n-3), r = 0.42; eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5, n-3), r = 0.52; and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6, n-3), r = 0.49. The correlations for these fatty acids between the total serum lipids and the diet were 0.16, 0.28, 0.51 and 0.52, respectively. The data suggest that very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids in adipose tissue and total serum lipids reflect the dietary intake of very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids to the same degree. No associations were observed between intake of alpha-tocopherol and concentration in adipose tissue and serum.
Very little information is available on the changes in the erythrocyte membrane composition during storage of blood at 4 degrees C, particularly with respect to the glycosaminoglycans and glycoproteins. In view of this, a detailed study was carried out on the changes in the membrane proteins, glycosaminoglycans (GAG), carbohydrate components of glycoproteins, cholesterol, phospholipids and vitamin E in blood stored in glass bottles and a di-(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate (DEHP) plasticized PVC bag (Penpol blood bag). Blood was collected in CPDA solution in glass bottles and in Penpol blood bags and kept at 4 +/- 1 degrees C. Analysis was made immediately after blood collection and after 28 and 42 days. Significant increase in the total protein in the erythrocyte membrane was observed during storage of whole blood in glass bottles and Penpol blood bag at 4 degrees C. This increase was progressively more with increase in storage time. Significant changes were also observed in GAG, carbohydrate components of glycoproteins, cholesterol, phospholipids and vitamin E in the erythrocyte membrane under these conditions. The protein:GAG ratio, protein:carbohydrate ratio, cholesterol:phospholipid ratio as well as protein:lipid ratio showed significant increase in the membrane. The extent of these changes was lower in the Penpol bag, indicating the stabilizing effect of DEHP on the erythrocyte membrane.
To examine the association between lead exposure and both individual and geographic area indicators of socioeconomic position, the authors measured tibia lead concentration, a biomarker of cumulative lead exposure, using K x-ray fluorescence in a cross-sectional survey of 538 white males aged 50-92 years who were healthy when enrolled in the Normative Aging Study (Boston, Massachusetts) in the 1960s. Data on individual risk factors, education, occupation, and income were collected by questionnaire. Using subjects' residential addresses at the time of the tibia lead measurements, the authors obtained geographic area-specific measures of education, social class, and poverty by linking records to 1990 US Census block group data. In multivariate linear regression analysis controlling for age and cumulative smoking, tibia lead concentrations were 10.39 microg/g (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.80-12.97) higher in men who did not graduate from high school than in men with > or =4 years of college. Among the former men (non-high school graduates), living in an undereducated area was associated with a 9.28 microg/g (95% CI 1.59-16.97) increase in tibia lead level compared with living in a non-undereducated area; among the latter men (college graduates), no difference existed by residential area education (beta = 0.72, 95% CI -5.35 to 6.78). The authors conclude that the influence of individual socioeconomic position on cumulative lead exposure is modified by geographic area conditions.
We report a direct immersion SPME-GC/mu ECD method for the determination of non-volatile pollutants (Aroclor 1254) in human blood plasma using an enzymatic proteolytic approach to overcome the protein fouling problem. A nonspecific serine protease, Proteinase K, is used to remove the fouling interference. Significant improvement in relative repeatability from 28.9% to 3.4% (n = 10) was obtained. Analyte recovery up to 93% and detection limit of 1.0 ppb (total PCB) were achieved.
The concentrations of tocopherols and carotenoids are lowered in umbilical cord blood plasma, which may have a negative effect on antioxidant protection in neonates. Smoking may adversely affect dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of carotenoids. The dietary intakes of vitamin E and beta-carotene were assessed in 66 pregnant women (31 smokers and 35 non-smokers) between 10 and 20 weeks gestation using a food frequency questionnaire. The concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene were measured in maternal plasma at the time of the dietary assessment, and in the matched umbilical cords of their newborn after delivery. In smoking and non-smoking mothers, the mean intakes of vitamin E (9.3 [SD 5] and 8.2 [SD 5] mgd-1) and beta-carotene (3464 [SD 1885] and 2977 [SD 1503] micrograms d-1) were not significantly different. The plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol (20.8 [SD 4] and 20.5 [SD 4] mumol L-1), the alpha-tocopherol to lipid ratios (3.2 [SD 0.8] and 3.5 [SD 0.8]) and the plasma concentrations of beta-carotene (0.22 [SD 0.1] and 0.22 [SD 0.1] mumol L-1) were not significantly different in smoking and non-smoking mothers. There were no significant differences in plasma alpha-tocopherol (7.4 [SD 2] and 7.3 [SD 2] mumol L-1), in alpha-tocopherol to lipid ratios (3.2 [SD 0.6] and 2.8 [SD 0.6]) or in beta-carotene concentrations (0.05 [SD 0.04] and 0.03 [SD 0.02] mumol L-1) in cords from newborns of smoking and non-smoking mothers. There was a significant correlation (r = 0.41, P = 0.015) between dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of beta-carotene in non-smoking mothers. However, this relationship was not significant in smoking mothers (r = 0.28, P = 0.12). There were no relationships between dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of tocopherol. These results indicate that smoking during pregnancy does not appear to affect the dietary intakes or plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene in pregnant women or their babies. However, smoking does influence the relationship between dietary intakes and plasma levels of beta-carotene.
OBJECTIVE: To assess whether nutritionally-relevant changes in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake alter indices of oxidative stress in human volunteers DESIGN: A split plot/change over dietary study where half the volunteers consumed a diet containing 5% PUFA (low PUFA) as food energy for 4 weeks and after a 6 week washout period consumed a 15% PUFA (high PUFA) diet for another 4 weeks. The second group of volunteers completed this protocol in reverse. Total fat, carbohydrate, protein and vitamin E contents of the diets were constant. SUBJECTS: 10 healthy, non-smoking, male volunteers aged 32.6 +/- 1.7 y RESULTS: There was a significant increase in whole blood oxidised glutathione (P < 0.05), an index of oxidative stress, after consumption of the high PUFA diet. Moreover, urinary thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), an index of lipid peroxidation, significantly increased (P = 0.038) following consumption of the high PUFA diet and decreased (P = 0.031) after consuming the low PUFA diet. However, there was no change in non specific plasma indices of lipid peroxidation, conjugated dienes and TBARS, nor in red cell antioxidant enzymes glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase, and catalase. However, superoxide dismutase significantly decreased (13%, P=0.018) after consumption of the low PUFA diet. Total cholesterol increased by 13% (P=0.014) after consumption of the low PUFA diet. CONCLUSIONS: This study indicates that although increasing dietary levels of PUFA may favourably alter cholesterol profiles, the same dietary changes may adversely affect some indices of lipid peroxidation. Care should be taken when providing dietary advice on PUFA intake and an adequate intake of antioxidants to match any increased PUFA may be important for preventing oxidative stress. 
To investigate the effects of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on the human immune system, analyses were performed on T-cell subsets (CD4+, CD8+), B-cells (CD19+), serum immunoglobulin levels (IgG, IgM, IgA) and white blood cell percentages of 16 male workers who were employed in road paving operations and compared to 12 unexposed male controls. PAH exposure was assessed using urinary 1-hydroxy-pyrene (1-OHP) levels and was found to be significantly higher in workers than in the controls. While the CD4+ cell percentage and the CD4+/CD8+ ratio were significantly higher in the PAH-exposed group, the percentages of CD8+ and CD19+ cells were unchanged. There was also a significant enhancement in serum IgG levels and the percentage of monocytes in the workers compared to the control group. These data suggest that chronic exposure to PAHs may affect some immune functions in humans.
The concentrations of chlorinated biphenyls (CBs), 1, 1-bis(4-chlorophenyl)-2,2-dichloroethene (DDE), hexachlorobenzene (HCB), and the methylsulfonyl metabolites of CBs (MeSO(2)-CBs) and DDE (MeSO(2)-DDE) were determined in human plasma samples and in the fractions obtained by ultracentrifugation of plasma into very-low-density (VLDL), low-density (LDL), high-density (HDL) lipoprotein and lipoprotein depleted (LPDP) fractions (containing primarily albumin). The concentrations of triacylglycerols, cholesterol, phospholipids, and apolipoprotein B (apoB) were determined. The organochlorine compounds were associated with all fractions, but predominantly with the LPDP fraction. On an average 44% of CBs, 61% of MeSO(2)-CBs, 73% of DDE, 77% of MeSO(2)-DDE, and 45% of HCB were distributed in the LPDP fraction. A tendency to greater association of 3-methylsulfonyl substituted than of corresponding 4-methylsulfonyl substituted chlorobiphenyls to the LPDP fraction was noticed. Among the lipoprotein fractions, LDL was the main carrier of HCB, DDE and CBs. MeSO(2)-DDE was predominantly found in HDL and MeSO(2)-CBs were distributed equally among the LDL and HDL fractions. Calculating the concentrations of organochlorine compounds in relation to the content of apoB, the levels were about 10 times higher in VLDL than in LDL.
As part of an epidemiologic study on exposure to a toxic waste incineration plant we investigated whether blood concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), lead, and cadmium, as well as concentration of mercury in 24-hr urine samples were associated with thyroid hormone status. As an indication of status, we determined levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), free thyroxine (FT(4)), and free triiodothyronine (FT(3)) in children living in households where [less than/equal to] 10 cigarettes were smoked per day. Eight PCB congeners (PCBs 101, 118, 138, 153, 170, 180, 183, and 187) were measured in whole blood samples. Of these, seven congeners (PCB 101 was not detected in any sample) and the sum of all PCB congeners were analyzed as predictors for thyroid hormone status in separate linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders. In addition, the possible effects of cadmium, lead, and mercury on levels of thyroid hormones were examined. Blood concentrations and information on questionnaire data were available for 320 children 7-10 years of age. We found a statistically significant positive association between the mono-ortho congener PCB 118 and TSH as well as statistically significant negative relationships of PCBs 138, 153, 180, 183, and 187 to FT(3). There was no association for the PCB congeners and FT(4). Blood cadmium concentration was associated with increasing TSH and diminishing FT(4). Blood lead and urine concentration of mercury were of no importance to thyroid hormone levels. The results stress the need for future studies on the possible influences of PCB and cadmium exposure on thyroid hormones, particularly in children. These studies should also take neurologic development into account.
PURPOSE: To evaluate and quantify the association between consumption of specific food groups/macronutrients and concentrations of serum insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Data from a comprehensive food-frequency questionnaire administered to 115 healthy subjects were used to study cross-sectionally the relationship between nutritional factors and circulating IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 concentrations. Adjustment for the effect of total energy intake and a series of epidemiologic parameters (age, sex, height, body mass index, smoking, alcohol consumption, and coffee drinking) was implemented through multivariate linear regression. RESULTS: We observed that serum levels of IGF-1 are positively associated with consumption of red meats, fats, and oils. In addition, serum levels of IGF-1 are independently and positively associated with energy intake from lipids and negatively associated with energy intake from carbohydrates. Finally, serum levels of IGFBP-3 are independently and negatively associated with energy intake from saturated fat. CONCLUSION: Serum IGF-1 and/or IGFBP-3 concentrations are associated with red meat, carbohydrate intake, and fat intake and, thus, may mediate the effect of these dietary factors on the pathogenesis of several disease states. Additional studies are needed to further quantify these associations and elucidate the underlying mechanisms. 
BACKGROUND: Frequently, the result of only a single determination of total homocysteine in plasma (P-Hcy) is used to distinguish between the probability of the presence or absence of risk for vascular disease. A prerequisite for the interpretation of a single P-Hcy test is knowledge of the magnitude of within-person variation and the possible effects of preanalytical variables. However, data on within-person variation are still sparse and inconsistent, and data for the effect on P-Hcy of posture and tourniquet application during venipuncture are not available. METHODS: The within-person variation of P-Hcy and the effects of posture and tourniquet application during venipuncture were studied in 24 healthy subjects. The analytical imprecision of our stable-isotope dilution assay was 3.1%. RESULTS: The within-person variation (CV) was 8.1%. Daily supplementation with 0.4 mg of folic acid for 2 weeks produced a small but significant decrease in P-Hcy, but there were no significant changes in within-person variation before and after supplementation. After 30 min in the horizontal posture, P-Hcy declined by 6.3%. A 3-min tourniquet application caused a 2.8% increase of P-Hcy. CONCLUSIONS: Our value for within-person variation is consistent with results from studies reported recently in the literature. A 3-min tourniquet application does not add appreciable variation to the measurement of P-Hcy, but the posture of the subject during venipuncture contributes considerably to the within-person variation. We recommend that blood collection when the patient is in a supine position be avoided. 
Urinary pyrene metabolites, 1-OHP and 1-OHPG, have been used as biomarkers for the assessment of occupational and environmental exposure to PAHs. This study compares the sensitivity and applicability of the different analytical methods of 1-OHPG for human biomonitoring of low level exposure to PAHs. Three analytical methods were compared: (1) HPLC method from that reported by Singh et al. (Singh, R., Tucek, M., Maxa, K., Tenglerova, J., Weyand, E.H., 1995. A rapid and simple method for the analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide: a potential biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure. Carcinogenesis 16, 2909-2915); (2) IAC-SFS method: the rapid and simple assay using IAC purification using monoclonal antibody specific for PAH-DNA adduct and PAH metabolites and SFS quantitation; and (3) IAC-HPLC method: IAC and HPLC separation and quantitation. The correlation between the IAC-SFS method, HPLC method, and the IAC-SFS method was determined in 20 first year-grade junior high school students (age 12-13) from Yochon, Korea who participated in a nationwide survey for the environmental disease surveillance projects in Korea. Chromatograms obtained by the IAC purification and HPLC quantitation method were clear with no interfering peaks adjacent to 1-OHPG, thus 1-OHPG could be easily quantitated. However, the HPLC method produced chromatogram profiles with many interfering peaks adjacent to 1-OHPG peak. The concentrations of 1-OHPG in 20 urine samples were similar when analyzed by all three analytical methods. The correlation coefficient between the IAC-HPLC and IAC-SFS methods was 0.915, and between the IAC-HPLC and HPLC methods was 0.844, and between the IAC-SFS and HPLC methods was 0.805. The analytical methods for 1-OHPG compared in this study showed a good correlation with one another. These results suggest that any of the methods can be applied to human biomonitoring of PAH exposure. However, SFS quantitation after IAC purification is rapid and simple because this method does not need HPLC separation of 1-OHPG.
An on-line sample treatment method to determine 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a metabolite of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), in human urine has been developed. The hydrolysed biological fluid was directly injected into the chromatographic system after only centrifugation. A miniature precolumn loop packed with a preparative phase and coupled on-line to a liquid chromatographic (LC) system was used for analyte enrichment. The analytes were non-selectively desorbed with the LC eluent and cleaned by means of a column-switching procedure comprising two purification columns and an analytical column. Pre-treatment and analysis were performed within 2 and 20 min, respectively. Average 1-OHP recovery reached 99% in the 1-25 microg/l range of urine, and the quantitation limit was 20 ng/l for 100 microl of injected sample. A comparison with a more time-consuming off-line method was performed by analysing 120 urine samples of PAH-exposed and expected unexposed workers; the statistical treatment indicated that both methods are in agreement.
The structure of the non-bay region (8S,9R,10S,11R)-N(6)-[11-(8,9,10, 11-tetrahydro-8,9,10-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-de oxyadenosyl adduct at X(6) of 5'-d(CGGACXAGAAG)-3'.5'-d(CTTCTTGTCCG)-3', incorporating codons 60, 61 (underlined), and 62 of the human N-ras protooncogene, was determined. Molecular dynamics simulations were restrained by 475 NOEs from (1)H NMR. The benz[a]anthracene moiety intercalated above the 5'-face of the modified base pair and from the major groove. The duplex suffered distortion at and immediately adjacent to the adduct site. This was evidenced by the disruption of the Watson-Crick base pairing for X(6) x T(17) and A(7) x T(16) and the increased rise of 7.7 A between base pairs C(5) x G(18) and X(6) x T(17). Increased disorder was observed as excess line width of proton resonances near the lesion site. Comparison with the bay region benzo[a]pyrene [Zegar, I. S., Kim, S. J., Johansen, T. N., Horton, P. J., Harris, C. M., Harris, T. M., and Stone, M. P. (1996) Biochemistry 35, 6212-6224] and bay region benz[a]anthracene [Li, Z., Mao, H., Kim, H.-Y., Tamura, P. J., Harris, C. M., Harris, T. M., and Stone, M. P. (1999) Biochemistry 38, 2969-2981] adducts with the corresponding stereochemistry and at the same site shows that this non-bay region benz[a]anthracene lesion assumes different base pair geometry, in addition to exhibiting greater disorder. These differences are attributed to the loss of the bay region ring. The results suggest the bay region ring contributes to base stacking interactions at the lesion site. These structural differences between the non-bay and bay region lesions are correlated with site-specific mutagenesis data. The bay region benzo[a]pyrene and bay region benz[a]anthracene adducts were poorly replicated in vivo, and induced A --> G mutations. In contrast, the non-bay region benz[a]anthracene adduct was easily bypassed in vivo and was nonmutagenic.
In spring and autumn of 1994 duplicates of 24-h diets were collected from 123 respondents. One of the goals of this study was to determine the amount of nitrite and nitrate in the duplicates of 24-h diets to establish the oral daily intake of these analytes. For this purpose an HPIC/UV method for the determination of nitrate and nitrite in duplicate diets was developed and validated. The sample preparation procedure was derived from the in-house method used for the determination of nitrate and nitrite in human blood plasma. The sample is diluted with water, deproteinized with Carrez reagent, followed by chromatographic clean-up on an SPE C18-column. Both the nitrate and the nitrite results are quantitative. The recovery for nitrite was on average 104% (n = 21, spiking levels: 0.84-95 mg/kg) and for nitrate on average 103% (N = 21, spiking levels: 1.8-404 mg/kg). Samples of duplicates of 24-h diets were analysed according to the method developed. The median intake of nitrite calculated from the samples collected in spring 1994 was 0.6 mg/person day (range < 0.1-6.1 mg/person/day). For the samples collected in autumn 1994 these figures were < 0.2 mg/person/day (range < 0.1-16 mg/person/day). The mean intake of nitrate was 73 mg/person/day (range 7-322 mg/person/day) in spring 1994 and 87 mg/person/day (range 1-310 mg/person/day) in autumn 1994. The overall mean intake of nitrate in 1994 was 80 mg/person/day. The daily intake for nitrate was higher than that found in the duplicate diet study carried out in 1984/1985, when an average daily intake of 52 mg/person was measured. The intake of nitrite was also higher than found in the duplicate diets collected in 1984/1985. The findings of the study are discussed in the context of the ADI for nitrate and nitrite as well as the outcome of other recent European intake studies.
We investigated predictors of change in plasma carotenoids from baseline to 3 y and examined plasma carotenoid concentrations at 1 and 3 y in response to a high vegetable diet. Participants were 56 women diagnosed with breast cancer and enrolled in a randomized feasibility study for a trial examining the effect of a diet high in vegetables and fruits on the risk of breast cancer recurrence. Independent t test analysis revealed that the intervention group had significantly higher vegetable and fruit servings and fiber at 12 mo and significantly higher vegetable servings at 36 mo compared with the control group (P < 0.05). Energy intake from fat was significantly lower in the intervention group at 12 and 36 mo. The intervention group had significantly higher consumption of beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, lutein and beta-cryptoxanthin at 12 mo (P < 0.05). beta-Carotene, alpha-carotene and lutein intakes also were significantly higher at 36 mo (P < 0.05). At 36 mo, the intervention group had significantly higher plasma concentrations of alpha-carotene and beta-carotene compared with the control group. Repeated-measures ANOVA revealed that the intervention group had significantly increased (P < 0.05 with Bonferroni correction) plasma beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, lutein and lycopene concentrations at 12 and 36 mo compared with baseline. Baseline carotenoid concentrations were significantly inversely predictive (P < 0.05) of plasma carotenoid change. In addition, change in body mass index (BMI) and plasma cholesterol concentrations were predictive of plasma carotenoid change from baseline to 3 y. Results of this study demonstrate that change in plasma carotenoid concentrations is associated with change in BMI, change in plasma cholesterol and baseline carotenoid concentrations. Plasma carotenoid response can be an indicator of long-term high vegetable intake for women at risk of breast cancer recurrence.
This work investigated the correlation between serum levels of factor B, AP-lytic activity, ratio of factor B activation by zymosan, and AP-dependent neutrophil phagocytosis in samples of normal human serum (NHS). In addition, since the antithyroid drug propylthiouracil (PTU) induces increased levels of AP lytic activity in rats, groups of these animals were treated with this drug in order to increase AP titers and to evaluate those parameters also in this condition. The results showed no correlation between factor B concentration and AP lytic activity in 18 samples of NHS or between factor B concentration and proportion of consumption by zymosan. Interestingly, this consumption was also not correlated with phagocytosis as measured by the chemiluminescence (CL) response of neutrophils to the opsonized particles. The two biological properties of phagocytosis and lytic activity, dependent of AP, were not correlated to each other in the NHS samples. In the samples of rat serum with increased AP lytic levels a different result was observed. A positive correlation between CL response and lytic activity occurred in serum of animals receiving a low PTU dose, but not in serum of animals receiving a high dose, where CL responses were lower than those of controls. The results are compared to literature data and discussed in terms of individual differences in resistance or susceptibility to infections and or diseases involving the complement system.
The objective of this study was to investigate a relationship between indoor air pollution from heating and cooking with coal-burning stoves and from environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), and the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-PY). 1-OH-PY was analysed in children living in three areas of Silesia, a province in Poland. Urine samples were collected in winter, (1) from children exposed to ETS and smoke resulting from indoor coal-burning and (2) from control children. Airborne particulates had been sampled by use of stationary samplers by the Regional Sanitary-Epidemiological Station, Katowice throughout 12 months prior to the urine sampling. The urinary level of 1-OH-PY tended to increase in children exposed to ETS, but the increase was not significant. The concentrations of 1-OH-PY in urine of passive smokers were significantly elevated only in Bytom where an index of smoking parents of the studied children was highest as compared to other areas. Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) due to domestic heating and cooking with coal-burning stoves resulted in significantly increased levels of 1-OH-PY. The results of this study indicate that the uptake of PAH due to indoor air pollution strongly affected the level of 1-OH-PY and that the main source of PAH in indoor air was the household use of coal for heating and/or cooking. When the results associated with this kind of exposure were excluded, median 1-OH-PY levels from the three examined areas assumed a pattern more similar to that of the benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) concentrations in ambient air.
Individual congener and total PCB concentrations were determined in serum and follicular fluid obtained from women undergoing assisted reproductive technologies (in-vitro fertilization and embryo replacement). Although the mean individual PCB levels revealed varying degrees of contamination, the results fall in the same range as that observed by other investigators. Except for PCB 118, correlations between levels in serum and follicular fluid were strong, and statistically significant at p < 0.05. Moreover PCB 153, a major and very stable PCB congener has been shown to correlate to the total amount of PCBs (r = 0.994, and r = 0.987, for serum and follicular fluid, respectively). The same accumulation patterns of PCBs for serum and follicular fluid have been observed.
The goal of this study was to test the hypothesis that increased consumption of vegetables and fruit would reduce markers of oxidative cellular damage that can be assessed in blood or urine. Twenty-eight women participated in a 14 day dietary intervention. The primary end-points assessed were: 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) in DNA isolated from peripheral lymphocytes, determined by HPLC with electrochemical detection; 8-OHdG excreted in urine, measured by ELISA; malondialdehyde (MDA) in urine, measured by fluorimetric detection following derivatization with thiobarituric acid and separation via HPLC; urinary 8-isoprostane F-2alpha (8-EPG) detected by ELISA. Pre- and post-intervention plasma levels of selected carotenoids were determined by HPLC. Subjects were free living and consumed a completely defined recipe-based diet that increased their average daily consumption of vegetables and fruit from 5.8 servings at baseline to 12.0 servings throughout the intervention. Overall, the level of 8-OHdG in DNA isolated from lymphocytes and in urine and the level of 8-EPG in urine were reduced by the intervention, whereas urine concentrations of MDA were minimally affected. The reduction in lymphocyte 8-OHdG was greater in magnitude (32 versus 5%) in individuals with lower average pre-intervention levels of plasma alpha-carotene (56 ng/ml) than in individuals with higher average pre-intervention plasma levels of alpha-carotene (148 ng/ml). The results of this study indicate that consumption of a diet that significantly increased vegetable and fruit intake from a diverse number of botanical families resulted in significant reductions in markers of oxidative cellular damage to DNA and lipids.
A method for the isolation of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) from human blood using solid-phase extraction (SPE) has been developed. The procedure incorporates decomposition of lipids by concentrated sulphuric acid directly on the SPE column. Conditions for transferring PCBs onto the SPE column and washing the decomposed blood components from the SPE column were optimised. After clean-up the extracts were analysed using gas chromatography with electron capture detection. An average recovery of PCBs from spiked blood samples was about 78+/-8% and an average precision was about 109+/-7%. Quantitation has been done using four internal standards and calibration curves based on five concentration levels. Low procedural blanks made it possible to determine PCBs in blood quantitatively at a level down to 2-10 pg g(-1). The integrated method for blood is fast, less laborious than methods using liquid-liquid extraction and has a low consumption of organic solvents.
Exogenous oxidized cholesterol disturbs both lipid metabolism and immune functions. Therefore, it may perturb these modulations with ageing. Effects of the dietary protein type on oxidized cholesterol-induced modulations of age-related changes in lipid metabolism and immune function was examined using differently aged (4 weeks versus 8 months) male Sprague-Dawley rats when casein, soybean protein or milk whey protein isolate (WPI) was the dietary protein source, respectively. The rats were given one of the three proteins in diet containing 0.2% oxidized cholesterols mixture. Soybean protein, as compared with the other two proteins, significantly lowered both the serum thiobarbituric acid reactive substances value and cholesterol, whereas it elevated the ratio of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol/cholesterol in young rats, but not in adult. Moreover, soybean protein, but not casein and WPI, suppressed the elevation of Delta6 desaturation indices of phospholipids in both liver and spleen, particularly in young. On the other hand, WPI, compared to the other two proteins, inhibited the leukotriene B4 production of spleen, irrespective of age. Soybean protein reduced the ratio of CD4(+)/CD8(+) T-cells in splenic lymphocytes. Therefore, the levels of immunoglobulin (Ig)A, IgE and IgG in serum were lowered in rats given soybean protein in both age groups except for IgA in adult, although these observations were not shown in rats given other proteins. Thus, various perturbations of lipid metabolism and immune function caused by oxidized cholesterol were modified depending on the type of dietary protein. The moderation by soybean protein on the change of lipid metabolism seems to be susceptible in young rats whose homeostatic ability is immature. These observations may be exerted through both the promotion of oxidized cholesterol excretion to feces and the change of hormonal release, while WPI may suppress the disturbance of immune function by oxidized cholesterol in both ages. This alleviation may be associated with a large amount of lactoglobulin in WPI. These results thus showed a possibility that oxidized cholesterol-induced perturbations of age-related changes of lipid metabolism and immune function can be moderated by both the selection and combination of dietary protein.
The purpose of this study was to examine the intra-tester and inter-tester reliability of strain gauge plethysmography (SGP) using the Hokanson EC-5R plethysmograph among three investigators. An arterial inflow test was performed by each of the investigators on fifteen college-aged volunteers at the forearm and calf sites. Intra-tester reliability was assessed by analyzing three serial measurements obtained at both sites. Intertester reliability was assessed in two ways: first, by having the three investigators obtain and analyze their own recordings, and, second, by having all three investigators (Testers 1, 2, and 3) analyze SGP recordings obtained by the most experienced investigator (Tester 1). The mean coefficient of variation (CV) for the intra-tester analysis was similar at the forearm (4.9%) and calf (4.0%) sites. The inter-tester analysis revealed that there were no significant differences among the three testers at either site when investigators obtained and analyzed their own waveforms. The CV calculated from the means of the three investigators was greater at the forearm site (10.7%) than at the calf site (2.5%). Similarly, when Testers 2 and 3 analyzed Tester 1's waveforms there were no significant differences found among testers at either site and the CV was less than when each investigator obtained his/her own waveforms. Strain gauge plethysmography blood flow measures obtained by experienced testers, under controlled laboratory conditions, are reproducible. The small variability in blood flow that exists is more attributable to variability in the acquisition of the waveforms than in the analysis of the waveforms.
The EURODIAB IDDM Complications Study, a cross-sectional, clinic-based study examined the fat and cholesterol intakes of European individuals with type 1 diabetes for possible relations to serum lipid levels (total cholesterol, HDL- and LDL-cholesterol, fasting triglycerides) and to the prevalence of cardiovascular disease (past history or electrocardiogram abnormalities). Fat intake (total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol) from 2,868 subjects with type 1 diabetes (mean age 32.9 +/- 10.2 years (range: 14-61 years), mean diabetes duration 14.7 +/- 9.4 years (range: 1-56 years)) was assessed by a standardized 3-day dietary record at the Nutrition Co-Ordinating Centre (Dsseldorf). Serum lipid levels were determined in the central laboratory (London) by standard enzymatic methods. Energy-adjusted total and LDL-cholesterol levels increased significantly with higher intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol. However, these relations were largely explained by concomitant decreases in dietary fibre intake. For levels of HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides no independent associations were observed with fat or cholesterol intake. Increased intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol were also related to higher prevalences of cardiovascular disease. These associations were, however, no longer significant after adjustment for dietary fibre intake for which we previously demonstrated independent associations with the serum cholesterol pattern and CVD. Since higher fat intakes are commonly accompanied by lower carbohydrate and fibre intakes we conclude that restricted intakes of cholesterol, saturated fat and total fat combined with higher fibre intakes beneficially affect both the levels of total and LDL-cholesterol and the risk for cardiovascular disease in European individuals with type 1 diabetes.
OBJECTIVE: To study the relationship between the oral intake of inositol hexakisphosphate (InsP6, phytic acid, an inhibitor of urinary crystallization) and its urinary excretion, to establish their possible mutual influence. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two groups of male Wistar rats (six animals each) received either; tap water and normal rat food pellets (controls); or a liquid diet in which InsP6 was absent and which then received gradually increasing amounts of InsP6. The urinary levels of InsP6 were then assessed regularly in both groups. RESULTS: When InsP6 was absent from the diet, urinary excretion declined to undetectable levels after 22 days. The addition of increasing amounts of InsP6 to the liquid diet caused an increase in its urinary excretion after about 10 days. Adding InsP6 in amounts > 425 mg/L caused no further increases in urinary excretion. Adding inositol (with no InsP6) to the liquid diet caused only a slight increase in the urinary excretion of InsP6. CONCLUSION: These results showed that InsP6 urinary levels were related to its oral intake; consequently, a low consumption of InsP6 would cause a urinary deficit of this crystallization inhibitor and thus an increase in the risk of developing urinary calcium stones. Although urinary excretion was dose-dependent, there was an ingested amount (20.9 mg/kg) above which there was no increase in the amount excreted. This intake is easily obtained by consuming a normal diet (rich in InsP6) indicating that to maintain appropriate urinary levels of InsP6, the consumption of InsP6 supplements is only necessary when the diet is particularly poor in InsP6. 
BACKGROUND: Postal questionnaire surveys are commonly used in general practice and often ask about self-reported activity. The validity of this approach is unknown. AIM: To explore the criterion validity of questions asking about self-reported activity in a self-completion questionnaire. METHOD: A comparison was made between (a) the self-reported actions of all general practitioner (GP) principals in 51 general practices randomly selected within the nine family health services authorities of the former northern regional health authority, and (b) the contents of the medical records (case notes and computerized records) of patients classified as hypertensive from a 1 in 7 random sample of all patients registered in these practices and aged between 65 and 80. Data were gathered from the GPs by self-completion postal questionnaires. Six comparisons were made for two groups of items: first, target and achieved blood pressure; secondly, patient's weight, smoking status, alcohol consumption, exercise and salt intake. The frequency with which the data items were recorded in patient records was compared with the GPs' self-reported frequency of performing the actions. RESULTS: No relationship was found between achieved blood pressure and stated target levels. For each of the other actions, more than half of the responders reported that they usually or always performed the activity. For four of these (smoking, weight, alcohol and exercise), a significant association was noted, but the size of this varied considerably. CONCLUSIONS: There is a variable relationship between what responders report that they do in self-completion questionnaires, and what they actually do as judged by the contents of their patients' medical records. In the absence of prior, knowledge of the validity of questions on reported activity, or of concurrent attempts to establish their validity, the questions should not be asked. 
BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to determine the time course and reproducibility of urinary excretion profiles of ethanol, methanol, and ratio of serotonin metabolites, 5-hydroxytryptophol (5HTOL) to 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5HIAA), under strictly controlled conditions. METHODS: Nine healthy volunteers (6 women and 3 men) received 0.40 g of ethanol/kg of body weight on two occasions by constant rate intravenous infusion 30 min. Urine was voided before administration of ethanol and thereafter every 60 min for a total of 8 hr. Concentrations of ethanol and methanol in urine were determined by headspace gas chromatography, and the serotonin metabolites 5HTOL and 5HIAA were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and high-performance liquid chromatography, respectively. RESULTS: The peak concentration of ethanol in urine occurred at 30 or 60 min after the infusion ended. The peak concentration of methanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio developed more gradually, reaching a plateau at 213 to 220 min and 200 to 220 min postinfusion, respectively. The concentration-time profiles of ethanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio varied more between subjects than within subjects (p < 0.001), whereas the inter- and intraindividual variation in the pharmacokinetics of methanol were not significantly different (p > 0.05). The concentration of methanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio remained above the endogenous levels at 8-hr postinfusion despite the fact that urinary ethanol was no longer measurable (<0.01 g/liter) after 5 to 6 hr. CONCLUSIONS: Measuring the concentrations of methanol and the ratio of serotonin metabolites (5HTOL/5HIAA) in urine is a more sensitive way to monitor recent drinking, compared with analysis of ethanol in body fluids. Moreover, the concentration-time profiles of methanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio showed a good test-retest stability. The present intravenous infusion experiment confirms previous work on these markers when ethanol was given perorally. The urinary methanol and the 5HTOL/5HIAA ratio have applications in forensic and clinical medicine as indicators of acute alcohol consumption. 
The authors report the CYP2D6 inhibitory effects of fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine in an open-label, multiple-dose, crossover design. Twelve CYP2D6 extensive metabolizers were phenotyped, using the dextromethorphan/dextrorphan (DM/DX) urinary ratio, before and after administration of fluoxetine 60 mg (loading dose strategy), paroxetine 20 mg, sertraline 100 mg, and venlafaxine 150 mg. Paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine sequences were randomized with 2-week washouts between treatments; fluoxetine was the last antidepressant (AD) administered. Comparing within groups, baseline DM/DX ratios (0.017) were significantly lower than DM/DX ratios after treatment (DM/DXAD) with fluoxetine (0.313, p < 0.0001) and paroxetine (0.601, p < 0.0001) but not for sertraline (0.026, p = 0.066) or venlafaxine (0.023, p = 0.485). Between groups, DM/DXAD ratios were significantly higher for fluoxetine and paroxetine compared to sertraline and venlafaxine. No differences between DM/DXAD ratios were found for fluoxetine and paroxetine although more subjects phenocopied to PM status after receiving the latter (42% vs. 83%; chi 2 = 4.44, p = 0.049, df = 1). Similarly, no differences between DM/DXAD ratios were found for sertraline and venlafaxine. Of note, the DM/DXAD for 1 subject was much lower after treatment with paroxetine (0.058) compared to fluoxetine (0.490), while another subject exhibited a much lower ratio after treatment with fluoxetine (0.095) compared to paroxetine (0.397). Significant correlations between AD plasma concentration and DM/DXAD were found for paroxetine (r2 = 0.404, p = 0.026) and sertraline (r2 = 0.64, p = 0.002) but not fluoxetine or venlafaxine. In addition, DM/DXAD correlated with baseline isoenzyme activity for paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine groups. These results demonstrate the potent, but variable, CYP2D6 inhibition of fluoxetine and paroxetine compared to sertraline and venlafaxine. CYP2D6 inhibition may be related, in part, to dose, plasma concentration, and baseline isoenzyme activity, and these correlations merit further investigation.
Serum CrossLaps is a new assay for measuring carboxy-terminal collagen crosslinks (CTX) in serum. This measurement is reported to be more specific to bone resorption than other measurements. However, the utility of this and other markers in monitoring patients on antiresorptive therapy depends on how often changes anticipated with therapy exceed changes attributable to random variability. In a study where subjects received either placebo or pamidronate, we calculated the minimum significant change (MSC), that is, the change that was sufficiently large that it was unlikely to be due to spontaneous variability. We also examined the changes in markers of bone turnover in subjects treated with pamidronate (APD) (30 mg i.v. in 500 ml D5W over 4 hours) to see how often observed changes in turnover after treatment exceeded the MSC. The MSC for serum CTX was 30.2%, and was significantly (P < 0.05) lower than the MSC for urinary NTX (54.0%), and not significantly different from the MSC of urinary DPD (20.6%). Ninety percent of subjects treated with APD had a decline in serum CTX that exceeded the MSC, compared with 74% for bone-specific alkaline phophatase (BSAP), 57% for urinary N-telopeptide cross-links (NTX), and 48% for free deoxypyridinoline. Changes in serum CTX correlated reasonably well with changes in spine BMD after 2 years (r = 0.47), but this correlation did not quite reach statistical significance because of the small number of subjects. In conclusion, the serum CTX assay shows greater utility for assessing efficacy of antiresorptive treatment than some previously described markers.
The chemopreventive properties of dietary indole-3-carbinol (I3C) were evaluated by assessing its effect on DNA adduct formation and metabolism of the dietary carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), and the induction of cytochromes P450 1A1 and -1A2 in female F344 rats. In experiment 1, animals on I3C diets (0, 0.02% or 0.1%, w/w) were treated by gavage with 1mg/kg/day of PhIP for 23 days. On days 2, 9, 16 and 23, their 24-hr urine was collected and unmetabolized PhIP was measured by GC/MS. On day 24, the animals were sacrificed, and DNA from pancreas, spleen, white blood cells (WBCs), lung, colon, kidney, mammary epithelial cells, caecum, heart, small intestine, liver and stomach was isolated for determination of PhIP-DNA adduct levels by (32)P-postlabelling assays. Except in the mammary gland, I3C diets significantly inhibited PhIP-DNA adduct formation in WBCs and in all organs, ranging from 34.7 to 67.7% with the 0.02% I3C diet to 68.4 to 95.3% with the 0.1% I3C diet. I3C diets also significantly decreased the concentration of urinary unmetabolized PhIP to 29.5-38.4% (0.02% I3C) and 12.8-17.8% (0.1% I3C) of values obtained with the I3C-free diet. In experiment 2, animals were either treated by intubation of I3C at 100 or 200mg/kg for 2 consecutive days or given an I3C-containing diet (0.02% or 0.1%, w/w) for 2 weeks. The expression and activity of cytochromes P450 1A1 and -1A2 were studied by Northern blots, Western blots, and in vitro enzyme determinations. Both the expression and activity of these cytochromes were induced by all of the I3C treatments. It is concluded that, in the female F344 rat, dietary I3C inhibits PhIP-DNA adduct formation and accelerates PhIP metabolism, probably through induction of cytochromes P450 1A1 and -1A2. The chemopreventive properties of I3C in PhIP-induced carcinogenesis are probably mediated through enhancement of PhIP detoxification pathways.
In a study of the impact of aspartame, fat, and carbohydrate on appetite, we monitored blood glucose continuously for 431 (SE 16) min. Ten healthy males (19-31 years) participated in three time-blinded visits. As blood glucose was monitored, appetite ratings were scored at randomized times. On the first meal initiation, volunteers consumed one of three isovolumetric drinks (aspartame, 1 MJ simple carbohydrate, and 1 MJ high-fat; randomized order). High-fat and high-carbohydrate foods were available ad libitum subsequently. Blood glucose patterns following the carbohydrate drink (+1.78 (SE 0.28) mmol/l in 38 (SE 3) min) and high-fat drink (+0.83 (SE 0.28) mmol/l in 49 (SE 6) min) were predictive of the next intermeal interval (R 0.64 and R 0.97 respectively). Aspartame ingestion was followed by blood glucose declines (40% of subjects), increases (20%), or stability (40%). These patterns were related to the volunteers' perception of sweetness of the drink (R 0.81, P = 0.014), and were predictive of subsequent intakes (R -0.71, P = 0.048). For all drinks combined, declines in blood glucose and meal initiation were significantly associated (chi 2 16.8, P < 0.001), the duration of blood glucose responses and intermeal intervals correlated significantly (R 0.715, P = 0.0001), and sweetness perception correlated negatively with hunger suppression (R -0.471, P = 0.015). Effects of fat, carbohydrate, and aspartame on meal initiation, meal size, and intermeal interval relate to blood glucose patterns. Varied blood glucose responses after aspartame support the controversy over its effects, and may relate to sweetness perception.
AIMS: Microalbuminuria and, to a lesser extent, renal tubular proteins are widely used in the early detection of incipient nephropathy in diabetes mellitus. Recent reports have indicated detrimental effects of storage at -20 degrees C on urine proteins. This study investigated the effects of storage on the measurement of urine proteins and discusses implications for the interpretation of data. METHODS: Two-hundred and sixty-eight specimens, collected from children with Type 1 diabetes, split into duplicate aliquots and stored at -20 degrees C and -70 degrees C, respectively, for 6-8 months, were analysed for albumin, retinol binding protein, N-acetyl glucosaminidase and creatinine, in the same assays to eliminate inter-assay variability. Two independent non-diabetic cohorts of children provided urine specimens, which were stored at -20 degrees C for one cohort and -70 degrees C for the other, to determine normal ranges for urine proteins. RESULTS: Storage at -20 degrees C led to a variable underestimation of all three urine proteins in 20% of specimens. Creatinine was unaffected. This underestimation was greater in more concentrated urine (r2 = 0.38, P < 0.001, n = 262). Consequently storage at -20 degrees C increased the variance of the albumin/ creatinine ratio more than the variance of albumin concentration. Temperature of storage affected the normal range, which was 0.1-2.1 mg/mmol at -20 degrees C compared to 0.3-3.1 mg/mmol at -70 degrees C. The prevalence of microalbuminuria (> 2SD above the geometric mean in non-diabetic specimens stored at -20 degrees C) was 27% after storage at -70 degrees C vs. 24% after -20 degrees C. The prevalence of microalbuminuria (>2SD above the geometric mean in nondiabetic specimens stored at -70 degrees C) was 21% after storage at -70 degrees C vs. 17% after -20 degrees C. CONCLUSIONS: Urine proteins are significantly but variably underestimated after storage at -20 degrees C. These effects account for increased variance and differences in the normal range, but have less effect on the detection of microalbuminuria than might be predicted. 
We investigated whether the blood spot thyrotropin (TSH) method was adequate for screening elderly subjects with abundant iodine intake (median excretion 330 microg/g creatinine) for hypothyroidism. In 97 healthy adults (group A), 210 nursing home residents (group B) and 265 elderly subjects living at home (group C) serum (sensitivity < 0.02 mU/L, cost 1.2 U.S. dollars [USD]) and blood spot TSH (sensitivity < 1.0 mU/L, cost 0.4 USD) were measured, and the sensitivity and specificity of different blood spot TSH cutoff points to detect cases with elevated serum TSH were calculated. Elevated (> 3.5 mU/L) serum TSH levels (group A, 6.2%; group B, 16.2%; group C, 22.3%; B > A, p = 0.025; C > A, p < 0.001) were detected with the required sensitivity of greater than 0.9 only if the cutoff point of the blood spot TSH was set as low as 2.5 mU/L, but this led to a considerable loss of specificity. At cutoff point 2.5 mU/L, the rate of positivity was 39.3% and the cost of blood spot screening/person increased to 0.88 USD, considering that positive cases have to be rechecked by serum TSH to exclude false positivity. Cases with significantly elevated (> 10.0 mU/L) serum TSH (group A, 1.03%; group B, 2.85%; group C, 2.20%) were detected at blood spot cutoff points 10.0-4.0 mU/L with a sensitivity of 1.0 and without considerable loss of specificity. We conclude that while screening for hypothyroidism in the elderly population with abundant iodine intake is justified by the high prevalence of elevated ultrasensitive serum TSH values, the sensitivity of the blood spot method is insufficient to detect the subclinical hypothyroidism accurately and would, therefore, fail to detect most affected subjects.
This case-control study was designed to investigate the relationship between polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and 1,1-dichloro-2,2'-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene (DDE) and breast cancer risk in Connecticut. Cases were incident breast cancer patients who were either residents of Tolland County or who had a breast-related surgery at the Yale-New Haven Hospital in New Haven County. Controls were randomly selected from Tolland County residents or from patients who had newly diagnosed benign breast diseases or normal tissue at Yale-New Haven Hospital. A total of 475 cases and 502 controls had their serum samples analyzed for PCBs and DDE in 1995-1997. The age- and lipid-adjusted geometric mean serum level of DDE was comparable between the cases (460.1 ppb) and controls (456.2 ppb). The geometric mean serum level of PCBs was also comparable between cases (733.1 ppb) and controls (747.6 ppb). After adjustment for confounding factors, odds ratios of 0.96 (95% confidence interval, 0.67-1.36) for DDE and 0.95 (95% confidence interval, 0.68-1.32) for PCBs were observed when the third tertile was compared with the lowest. Further stratification by parity, lactation, and menopausal and estrogen receptor status also showed no significant association with serum levels of DDE or PCBs. The results by PCB congener groups also showed no major increased risk associated with any of the congener groups. Our study does not support the hypothesis that DDE and PCBs, as encountered through environmental exposure, increase the risk of female breast cancer.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental pollutants; a number are carcinogenic. Metabolic polymorphisms may modulate susceptibility to PAH-induced DNA damage and carcinogenesis. This study investigates the relationship between PAH-DNA adduct levels (in maternal and newborn WBCs) and two polymorphisms: (a) an MspI RFLP in the 3' noncoding region of cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1); and (b) an A-->G transition in nucleotide 313 of glutathione S-transferase P1 (GSTP1), resulting in an ile105val substitution. CYP1A1 catalyzes the bioactivation of PAH; the CYP1A1 MspI RFLP has been associated with cancer of the lung. GSTP1 catalyzes the detoxification of PAH; the val allele has greater catalytic efficiency toward PAH diol epoxides. The study involves 160 mothers and their newborns from Poland. Regression models controlled for maternal smoking and other confounders. No association was seen between maternal adduct levels and either polymorphism, separately or combined. However, adduct levels were higher among newborns with the CYP1A1 MspI restriction site (heterozygotes and homozygotes combined) compared with newborns lacking the restriction site (P = 0.06). Adducts were higher among GSTP1 ile/val and ile/ile newborns compared with GSTP1 val/val newborns (P = 0.08). Adduct levels were 4-fold higher among GSTP1 ile/ile newborns having the CYP1A1 restriction site compared with GSTP1 val/val newborns who lacked the CYP1A1 restriction site (P = 0.04). This study demonstrates a significant combined effect of phase I and phase II polymorphisms on DNA damage from PAHs in fetal tissues. It illustrates the importance of considering interindividual variation in assessing risks of transplacental exposure to PAHs.
The effects of nine methylsulfonyl (MeSO(2)) metabolites of tetra-, penta- and hexachlorinated biphenyls (tetra-, penta- and hexaCBs; 20 micromol/kg once daily for 4 days) on the hepatic microsomal UDP-glucuronosyltransferase (UDP-GT) were investigated in male Sprague-Dawley rats. Each of the seven 3-MeSO(2)-PCBs, 3-MeSO(2)-2, 2',4',5-tetraCB (3-MeSO(2)-CB49), 3-MeSO(2)-2,3',4',5-tetraCB (3-MeSO(2)-CB70), 3-MeSO(2)-2,2',3',4',5-pentaCB (3-MeSO(2)-CB87), 3-MeSO(2)-2,2',4',5,5'-pentaCB (3-MeSO(2)-CB101), 3-MeSO(2)-2,2',3', 4',5,6-hexaCB (3-MeSO(2)-CB132), 3-MeSO(2)-2,2',3',4',5,5'-hexaCB (3-MeSO(2)-CB141), 3-MeSO(2)-2,2',4',5,5',6-hexaCB (3-MeSO(2)-CB149) and 4-MeSO(2)-2,2',4',5,5'-pentaCB (4-MeSO(2)-CB101) increased the activities of UDP-GT toward chloramphenicol, 4-nitrophenol and 4-methylumbelliferone. 4-MeSO(2)-2,2',4',5,5',6-hexaCB (4-MeSO(2)-CB149) increased the activity of UDP-GT toward chloramphenicol (UGT2B1) but not toward 4-nitrophenol (UGT1A6) and 4-methylumbelliferone (UGT1A6). The activity of UDP-GT toward thyroxine (T(4)) significantly increased after the administration of each of the seven 3-MeSO(2)-PCBs and 4-MeSO(2)-CB101. Significant correlation was found between the activity of UDP-GT toward T(4) and serum total T(4) concentration after the administration of each of the MeSO(2) derivatives except 4-MeSO(2)-CB149. In conclusion, seven 3-MeSO(2)-PCBs and 4-MeSO(2)-CB101 induce both UGT2B1 and UGT1A6, and 4-MeSO(2)-CB149 induces UGT 2B1. The results from the present study indicate that increase in the hepatic T(4) glucuronidation after the administration of the seven 3-MeSO(2)-PCBs and 4-MeSO(2)-CB101 possibly because of the induction of both UGT1A1 and UGT1A6 caused the reduction of serum T(4) levels.
Glutathione S-transferases (GSTs) are an important part of the protection system against a wide range of potentially harmful chemical compounds. GSTP1 and GSTM1 are mainly involved in detoxification reactions of PAH carcinogenic intermediates produced by cytochrome P450 (CYP). Polymorphism of the GST genes may influence the level of carcinogen-DNA adducts in human tissues and be associated with individual susceptibility to carcinogens. In this study, we examined the effect of common polymorphism in exon 5 (105Ile --> Val) of the GSTP1 gene, alone and in combination with GSTM1-deletion polymorphism, on the level of PAH-DNA adducts measured by (32)P-postlabeling assay in mononuclear white blood cells collected in winter and in summer from a total of 170 healthy volunteers. When GSTP1 genotypes alone were compared, no statistically significant differences in adduct levels were found. However, smokers with GSTM1(null)/GSTP1-AG or -GG combined genotype showed significantly higher adduct levels in summer than carriers of other GSTM1/GSTP1 combinations (5.60 +/- 5.10 vs. 3.45 +/- 4. 28/10(8) nucleotides, P = 0.015). Among smokers carrying GSTP1-AG or -GG genotype, individuals with GSTM1(null) genotype had a significantly higher level of adducts in summer than subjects with GSTM1(+) genotype (5.60 +/- 5.10 vs. 1.82 +/- 1.98/10(8), P = 0.002) and GSTM1(null)/GSTP1-AA genotype carriers (5.60 +/- 5.10 vs. 4.13 +/- 5.84/10(8), P = 0.03). When adduct levels measured either in winter or in the nonsmoker group were considered, no influence of GSTM1/GSTP1 genotypes was found. Our data show that the combined GSTM1 and GSTP1 genetic polymorphisms may modulate PAH-DNA adduct levels in mononuclear WBCs from individuals exposed to specific carcinogenic compounds, e.g., tobacco smoke, in relatively lower-exposure environmental conditions (i.e., in summer).
Methotrexate (MTX) steady state concentrations were evaluated in 42 children who had received high-dose infusions (6-8 g/m2) for acute lymphocytic leukemia. Concentrations in serum and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) measured by immunoassay were found to be highly variable. Reanalysis by a reference high-pressure liquid chromatography method ruled out analytical factors as a source of this variability. The correlation coefficient between the analytical methods was 0.77 for the serum data and 0.88 for the CSF data. The variability of serum and CSF concentrations was higher in younger patients (serum; P = 0.05 and CSF; P = 0.18), and the CSF concentration decreased with decreasing age and in later courses. Body surface area, body mass index, weight, and gender were not significantly related to MTX variability. We conclude that the pronounced pharmacokinetic variability seen during MTX infusions remains largely unexplained.
Human prostate tissue transplanted into nude mice was examined immunohistochemically for DNA adducts formed after administration of 3,2'-dimethyl-4-aminobiphenyl (DMAB) or 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP). Positive staining for DMAB- or PhIP-DNA adducts was evident in 70-95% of both epithelial and stromal cells in human prostate xenografts. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analysis revealed a normal human prostate epithelial cell line (PrEC) to express both cytochrome P450 1A2 (CYP1A2) and N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2) mRNA, while a normal human prostate fibroblast cell line (NHPF) expressed NAT2, but not CYP1A2 mRNA. In addition, NAT2 and to a lesser extent CYP1A2 mRNAs were also found in four cases of normal human prostate tissues. The results suggest that initial activation of chemicals by liver CYP1A2 and subsequent metabolism by prostate NAT2 is a major pathway of DNA adduct formation in human prostate cells. Thus, the data suggest that human prostate has the potential to be targeted by environmental carcinogens.
Measurement of N-telopeptides of type I bone collagen (NTX) provides a specific indicator of the current level of bone resorption. The biological intrasubject variability of NTX in urine and serum was studied in 277 postmenopausal women, mean age, 63.6 years +/- 10.2 (+/-SD) years. Second-morning void urine and serum specimens were collected at baseline and for two consecutive days to determine short-term variability (% CV). Long-term variability was determined by comparing NTX results at baseline and two consecutive months. Subjects were instructed to maintain current diet, lifestyle, and medications during the study. The median short-term %CV was 13.1% for urine NTX. This compared with 6.3% for serum NTX. Calculation of long-term %CV showed similar trends, with the %CV for NTX measured in serum (7.5%) lower than when measured in urine (15.6%). Using the least significant change (LSC) calculation, our data show that to be 90% confident that a decrease in NTX after initiation of antiresorptive therapy in an individual patient is not caused by variability alone, a 31 % decrease in urine NTX and a 14% decrease in serum NTX is required. As reported changes in NTX caused by antiresorptive therapy are greater than these calculations; our results support the use of either specimen to measure NTX to monitor the effect of therapy.
Chronic carriers of hepatitis B virus (HBV) usually show hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) in their sera, which is considered the best marker for acute and chronic HBV infection. In some individuals, however, this antigen cannot be detected by routine serological assays despite the presence of virus in liver and peripheral blood. One reason for this lack of HBsAg might be mutations in the part of the molecule recognized by specific antibodies. To test this hypothesis, the HBV S gene sequences were determined of isolates from 33 virus carriers who were negative for HBsAg but showed antibodies against the virus core (anti-HBc) as the only serological marker of hepatitis B. Isolates from 36 HBsAg-positive patients served as controls. In both groups, a considerable number of novel mutations were found. In isolates from individuals with anti-HBc reactivity only, the variability of the major hydrophilic loop of HBsAg, the main target for neutralizing and diagnostic antibodies, was raised significantly when compared with the residual protein (22. 6 vs 9.4 mutations per 1000 amino acids; P<0.001) and with the corresponding region in the controls (22.6 vs 7.5 exchanges per 1000 residues; P<0.001). A similar hypervariable spot was identified in the reverse transcriptase domain of the viral polymerase, encoded by the same nucleotide sequence in an overlapping reading frame. These findings suggest that at least some of the chronic low-level carriers of HBV, where surface antigen is not detected, could be infected by diagnostic escape mutants and/or by variants with impaired replication.
Rats suppress intake of a saccharin conditioned stimulus (CS) when paired with a drug of abuse. This phenomenon, however, is not uniform across all subjects and is greater following exposure to stress and in animals that more readily self-administer drugs of abuse. The present study was designed to examine these individual differences in intake suppression following seven saccharin-morphine pairings. Plasma corticosterone also was evaluated both before and after conditioning in order to determine whether the magnitude of CS suppression is, or is not, related to circulating corticosterone levels. The findings indicated that, while all rats were exposed to the same number of saccharin-morphine pairings, only half of these animals actually suppressed intake of the saccharin CS. Moreover, the results showed that greater suppression of CS intake was associated with higher corticosterone levels at test (r=-0.84, P<0.0001). Taken together, the results demonstrate that individual differences affect not only the reduction in CS intake following taste-drug pairings, but also the associated cue-induced elevation in circulating corticosterone.
Ten polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) mainly with three or four aromatic rings were tested for their ability to induce DNA adduct formation in mouse skin. Four of these were selected to investigate adduct formation and loss over a period of 8 days. Three mineral oils were also examined for their adduct forming ability and one was selected for adduct formation and loss over a period of 8 days. In addition, fractions derived from the same oil containing 2-3- and 4-6-ring aromatic compounds were applied to mouse skin in a non-carcinogenic oil vehicle and adduct levels were observed over an 8-day period. It was found that PAHs that had no mutagenic, initiating or carcinogenic activity and those that had mutagenic activity in bacteria but no initiating activity in mouse skin failed to produce DNA adducts in mouse skin. Two of the three PAHs with initiating activity and both complete carcinogens produced clear evidence of adduct formation, the adduct levels produced by complete carcinogens being 100-1000 times greater than those produced by initiators. Examination of adduct formation and loss with the carcinogenic PAHs benzo[a]pyrene and 5-methylchrysene over an 8-day period showed a peak at 24 h and an apparent two-phase process of adduct loss. It is suggested that the first steep loss was due to DNA repair and that the more gradual subsequent loss was probably due to epidermal hyperplasia and desquamation. With the initiator 1, 4-dimethylphenanthrene (three rings) a peak of adduct formation was seen at 2 days and adduct levels were not reduced much by 8 days. This suggested that, with initiators, adduct formation and repair may be spread over a longer period than with complete carcinogens. With the whole oils, clear evidence of adduct formation was seen with both a carcinogenic non-solvent-refined oil and with a non-carcinogenic residual oil. The level of adduct formation with the residual oil, however, was much lower than with the carcinogenic oil. When adduct formation by the carcinogenic oil was examined over 8 days, the pattern of adduct formation and loss was similar to that of a tumour initiator rather than a complete carcinogen. Peak adduct levels on the diagonal of the thin-layer chromatography (TLC) plates seemed to occur at 1 and 4 days after treatment, with no clear reduction after 8 days. From examination of adducts formed by the 2-3-ring and 4-6-ring aromatic fractions, it appeared that the main adduct spots produced by the carcinogenic oil were due to the 2-3-ring aromatic components of the oil. Adduct spots near the vertical axis of the TLC plates were also seen with the 2-3-ring and 4-6-ring fractions. The relevance of these spots is uncertain, but if they truly represent adducts, the findings suggest that they are due mainly to 4-ring PAHs. The studies suggest that the activity of carcinogenic oils is largely due to substituted 3- and 4-ring polycyclic aromatic compounds and that more attention should be paid to substituted 3-ring compounds in predicting the carcinogenic potential of oils from analytical data.
The cross-sectional relationships of soy product intake and serum testosterone, estrone, estradiol, sex hormone-binding globulin, and dihydrotestosterone were examined in 69 Japanese men. Soy product intake was estimated from a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Serum estradiol concentration was significantly inversely correlated with soy product intake (r = -0.32, p = 0.009), and serum estrone concentration was nonsignificantly inversely correlated with soy product intake (r = -0.24, p = 0.05) after controlling for age, body mass index, smoking status, and ethanol intake. Total and free testosterone concentrations were inversely correlated with soy product intake after controlling for the covariates, but these correlations were of border line significance (r = -0.25, p = 0.05 and r = -0.25, p = 0.06, respectively). Similar correlations were observed for these hormones with isoflavone intake from soy products. The data suggest that soy product intake may be associated with the endogenous hormone levels in Japanese men.
BACKGROUND: A decrease in blood volume is thought to play a role in dialysis-related hypotension. Changes in relative blood volume (RBV) can be assessed by means of continuous haematocrit measurement. We studied the variability of RBV changes, and the relation between RBV and ultrafiltration volume (UV), blood pressure, heart rate, and inferior caval vein (ICV) diameter. METHODS: In 10 patients on chronic haemodialysis, RBV measurement was performed during a total of one hundred 4-h haemodialysis sessions. Blood pressure and heart rate were measured at 5-min intervals. ICV diameter was assessed at the start and at the end of dialysis using ultrasonography. RESULTS: The changes in RBV showed considerable inter-individual variability. The average change in RBV ranged from -0.5 to -8.2% at 60 min and from -3.7 to -14.5% at 240 min (coefficient of variation (CV) 0.66 and 0.35 respectively). Intra-individual variability was also high (CV at 60 min 0.93; CV at 240 min 0.33). Inter-individual as well as intra-individual variability showed only minor improvement when RBV was corrected for UV. We found a significant correlation between RBV and UV at 60 (r= -0.69; P<0.001) and at 240 min (r= -0.63; P<0.001). There was a significant correlation between RBV and heart rate (r= -0.39; P<0.001), but not between RBV or UV and blood pressure. The level of RBV reduction at which hypotension occurred was also highly variable. ICV diameter decreased from 10.3+/-1.7 mm/m(2) to 7.3+/-1. 5 mm/m(2). There was only a slight, although significant, correlation between ICV diameter and RBV (r= -0.23; P<0.05). The change in ICV-diameter showed a wide variation. CONCLUSIONS: RBV changes during haemodialysis showed a considerable intra- and inter-individual variability that could not be explained by differences in UV. No correlation was observed between UV or changes in RBV and either blood pressure or the incidence of hypotension. Heart rate, however, was significantly correlated with RBV. Moreover, IVC diameter was only poorly correlated with RBV, suggesting a redistribution of blood towards the central venous compartment. These data indicate that RBV monitoring is of limited use in the prevention of dialysis-related hypotension, and that the critical level of reduction in RBV at which hypotension occurs depends on cardiovascular defence mechanisms such as sympathetic drive. 
The purpose of this study was to determine the repeatability of femoral blood flow recorded using Doppler ultrasound in anaesthetised horses. Doppler ultrasound of the femoral artery and vein was performed in 6 horses anaesthetised with halothane and positioned in left lateral recumbency. Velocity spectra, recorded using low pulse repetition frequency, were used to calculate time-averaged mean velocity (TAV), velocity of component a (TaVa), velocity of component b (TaVb), volumetric flow, early diastolic deceleration slope (EDDS) and pulsatility index (PI). Within-patient variability was determined for sequential Doppler measurements recorded during a single standardised anaesthetic episode. Within-patient variability was also determined for Doppler and cardiovascular measurements recorded during 4 separate standardised anaesthetic episodes performed at intervals of at least one month. Within-patient variation during a single anaesthetic episode was small. Coefficients of variation (cv) were <12.5% for arterial measurements and <17% for venous measurements. Intraclass correlation coefficient was >0.75 for all measurements. No significant change was observed in measurements of cardiovascular function suggesting that within-patient variation observed during a single anaesthetic episode was due to measurement error. In contrast, within-patient variation during 4 separate anaesthetic episodes was marked (cv>17%) for most Doppler measurements obtained from arteries and veins. Variation in measurements of cardiovascular function were marked (cv>20%), suggesting that there is marked biological variation in central and peripheral observed. Further studies are warranted to determine the ability of this technique to detect differences in blood flow during administration of different anaesthetic agents.
BACKGROUND: The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue triacylglycerol reflects, but is not identical to, the fatty acid composition of the habitual diet. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue is explained by differences between fatty acids in early storage in adipose tissue after a meal. DESIGN: Nine healthy men ate a meal containing several fatty acids. Blood samples were taken for 6 h after the meal from an arterialized hand vein and a vein draining the anterior abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue. RESULTS: Net storage of fatty acids in adipose tissue occurred between 1 and 4 h after the meal. In relation to the amount fed, storage of fatty acids differed (P < 0. 01) between classes (n-3 polyunsaturated < saturated < n-6 polyunsaturated < monounsaturated); oleic acid was stored in the greatest amounts. These differences agreed closely with published data, except for n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The only individual metabolic step at which significant differences between fatty acids was shown was incorporation of fatty acids into chylomicron triacylglycerol. Differences between fatty acids in rate of extraction from chylomicron triacylglycerol and net uptake into adipose tissue in the postprandial period were significant (P < 0. 01), but not when expressed in relation to proportions in chylomicron triacylglycerol. CONCLUSIONS: The characteristic fatty acid pattern of adipose tissue may predominantly reflect the early metabolic handling of different fatty acids. Adipose tissue uptake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is slow in relation to that of other fatty acids. 
OBJECTIVE: Mice lacking the tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor 2 (TNFR2) gene fed a high-fat diet gain less weight and display reduced leptin and insulin levels. In humans, plasma levels of the soluble fraction of TNFR2 (sTNFR2) circulate in proportion to the degree of insulin resistance. The purpose of this study was to evaluate a polymorphism in the 3' untranslated region of the TNFR2 gene on chromosome 1 in relation to BMI, leptin levels, and insulin resistance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Using single-strand conformation polymorphism, the polymorphism was analyzed in 107 nondiabetic subjects (60 women, 47 men) and in 110 consecutive patients with type 2 diabetes (79 women, 31 men). In a subset of 33 healthy subjects, insulin sensitivity (minimal model analysis) was also evaluated. RESULTS: Four alleles of the TNFR2 gene were identified (A1, A2, A3, and A4). BMI and serum leptin levels were significantly increased in young carriers of the A2 allele. Plasma sTNFR2 levels were similar among the different TNFR2 gene variants. However, in subjects who did not carry the A2 allele, in young subjects, and in women, plasma sTNFR2 levels were proportional to BMI and leptin levels. In the study sample, carriers of the A2 allele (n = 18) showed significantly increased BMI, fat mass, waist-to-hip ratio, serum total and VLDL triglyceride levels, and leptin levels and had a lower insulin sensitivity index than noncarriers of the A2 variant (n = 15). The frequency of the different alleles among diabetic subjects was similar to that in the control population. However, diet-treated diabetic subjects (n = 49) who were carriers of the A2 allele exhibited significantly higher BMI and leptin levels than diet-treated noncarriers of the A2 allele. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of the A2 allele in the TNFR2 gene may predispose subjects to obesity and higher leptin levels, which may in turn predispose them to insulin resistance or vice versa. The TNFR2 gene may be involved in weight-control mechanisms. 
Like many other places in the world, Hong Kong has drink-driving legislation which prohibits a driver from having in his blood alcohol exceeding a prescribed limit while in control of a motor vehicle. The accuracy of measuring this alcohol concentration is obviously of prime concern as an erroneous result can avert the administration of justice. The common practice is to deduct all errors from the measured value and compare the deducted value with the prescribed limit, so that the benefit of all errors of the measurement is given to the driver. It is therefore important for any laboratory responsible for measuring blood alcohol concentrations to identify and quantify all errors associated with the measurement. The present study examined 900 blood alcohol determinations carried out by the Hong Kong Government Laboratory (HKGL) on cases of suspected drink driving. The determinations were performed by 5 different analysts with two different sets of instruments during 1995-1997. Statistical analysis indicated that the instruments had no bearing on the random error or variability and that even though analyst was a significant factor on variability, the deviation from the mean so caused was only 0.3% and of no practical significance. When the systematic error introduced by the tolerance limits of the certified alcohol standards (purchased from the Laboratory of Government Chemists, UK) was taken into account, the total uncertainty (random plus systematic errors) of an alcohol determination at 99.5% confidence level was found to be 4%. It is recommended that laboratories engaged in blood alcohol determination should adopt similar statistical treatment of their analytical results to find out the error and to ensure that the results are independent of analyst and instrument used.
Mitochondrial uncoupling protein-2 and -3 (UCP2 and UCP3) may be involved in the modulation of resting metabolic rate and energy balance. To investigate their variability, the influence of this on the variability of energy expenditure, and potential regulatory factors of the expression of the corresponding genes, we measured their messenger ribonucleic acids (mRNAs) in muscle and white adipose tissue of lean, healthy men and correlated the abundance of these mRNAs (attomoles per microg total RNA) with measures of resting metabolic rate, hormone levels (thyroid hormones, insulin, glucagon, leptin, and catecholamines), and fuels potentially involved in energy balance regulation. We also investigated whether the thiazolidinedione, troglitazone, stimulates UCP2 and UCP3 mRNA levels to follow up on the observation that this antidiabetic drug increases the levels of expression in cultured cells. We found UCP2 and UCP3 mRNA levels to be highly variable and poorly correlated with measures of energy expenditure and with most factors affecting energy balance. Only nocturnal urinary norepinephrine excretion could explain a significant fraction of the variability in both UCP2 and UCP3 expression in muscle, but not adipose tissue. Thyroid hormone and norepinephrine excretion were found to contribute to the variability of resting metabolic rate, but this could not be explained by an effect on UCP mRNAs. Troglitazone affected neither the expression of UCPs nor the hormones or the measures of metabolic rate investigated. In conclusion, our results show that the expression of UCP2 and UCP3 genes is quite variable in healthy males and that this variability does not explain that in resting energy expenditure, and suggest that sympathetic activity is an important potential regulator of the expression of these proteins in skeletal muscle. However, the data do not support the concept that regulation of the expression of these genes is the most important level of control of UCP3 and UCP2 functions, and other levels of control have to be invoked.
More than 500 whole blood samples of normal subjects from Germany collected in 1991-1996 have been analyzed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD) and dibenzofurans (PCDF) by capillary gas chromatography/high-resolution mass spectrometry. Over the examined time period a continuous decrease of the PCDD/F concentrations in human blood was observed. The mean levels found were about 42.7 pg I-TEq/g (lipid basis) in 1991 and 20.7 pg I-TEq/g (liquid basis) in 1996 [median: 40.8 and 19.2]. A reduction to about half was found for most congeners. Each 1-year subset of the entire collective shows a positive correlation of the PCDD/F blood levels with age for most of the congeners, the sum values, and the calculated toxicity equivalents. For statistical evaluation a multiplicative model was used: Concentration in blood = A x ageB. The correlation is mostly pronounced for lower chlorinated PCDD and for 2,3,4,7,8-PentaCDF.
We assessed exposure to dioxin-like compounds using chemical and bioassay analysis in different matrices in a female population. A total of 106 serum and 9 follicular fluid samples were collected from infertile women attending Centers for Reproductive Medicine in Belgium from 1996 to 1998. Major polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners were quantified by chemical analysis using gas chromatography with electron-capture detection, and the chemical-activated luciferase gene expression (CALUX) bioassay was used to determine the total dioxin-like toxic equivalence (TEQ) of mixtures of polyhalogenated aromatic hydrocarbons present in body fluids, such as serum and follicular fluid. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first investigation to determine TEQ values by the CALUX bioassay in follicular fluid. The TEQ levels in both matrices are well correlated (r = 0.83, p = 0.02). As the chemical and bioassay analysis executed in this study do not cover the same span of polyhalogenated aromatic hydrocarbons, we did not expect totally correlated results. Moreover, the sample workup and quantification of the analytes differed completely. Nonetheless, the TEQ values in human extracts correlated well with the sum of four major PCB congeners chemically determined in both serum and follicular fluid. These results indicate that the CALUX bioassay may serve as a simple, relatively inexpensive prescreening tool for exposure assessment in epidemiologic surveys.
OBJECTIVE: To validate the use of the 36-item short-form questionnaire (SF-36) for measuring health-related quality of life (HRQL) in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). DESIGN: : Observational data at a single point in time. SETTING: : A specialized outpatient respiratory clinic. PARTICIPANTS: Thirty-four patients (mean +/- SE age, 58.29 +/- 1.87 years) with IPF and no significant comorbidity. A matched control group for HRQL measurements was composed of 34 normal subjects (mean age, 58.00 +/- 1.89 years). MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS: Dyspnea was measured by the baseline dyspnea index (BDI). Respiratory function evaluation included FVC, FEV(1), and resting arterial blood gases. IPF patients showed a mean BDI score of 5.21 +/- 0.46. The mean FVC and FEV(1) values were 62.41 +/- 2.96% and 66.41 +/- 3.33%, respectively. The mean PaO(2) was 67 +/- 2.51 mm Hg, and the mean PaCO(2) was 37 +/- 1. 05 mm Hg. Patients scored significantly worse than control subjects with respect to the SF-36 domains of physical functioning, physical role, general health perceptions, vitality, social functioning, emotional role, and mental health index. BDI scores were significantly correlated with five SF-36 components, and FVC and FEV(1) were significantly correlated with two SF-36 components. Significant negative correlations were found between arterial pH and four SF-36 domains. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with IPF have a significant impairment of HRQL in both physical and psychological functioning. Dyspnea is the most important factor influencing the quality of life in these subjects. The SF-36 questionnaire is a valid instrument to evaluate HRQL in IPF patients. 
OBJECTIVES: The aims of this study were to analyse the data from frequency-volume charts and to study the reliability of these charts in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) due to benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). METHODS: Males with LUTS due to BPH were consecutively included in the study if they met the criteria of the International Consensus Committee on BPH, voided more than 150 ml during uroflowmetry, residual volume and prostate size were estimated and frequency-volume charts were completed correctly. From the frequency-volume charts, voiding habits and fluid intake were evaluated. RESULTS: 160 patients could be included. Another 28 patients who met all other criteria did not complete the frequency-volume charts correctly. Agreement exists between reported voided volumes in the literature and those found by us. We found a significant correlation (p<0.001) between nycturia and score on symptom question 7, and between diuria and score on symptom question 2 of the AUA symptom index. The difference between results obtained from frequency-volume charts completed during 24 h and those obtained from charts completed during three or more 24-hour periods was negligible with respect to the variation of data at an individual level. CONCLUSION: Frequency-volume charts are reliable in the investigation of patients with LUTS due to BPH. Reporting on frequency-volume charts during just 24 h is sufficient to gain insight into their voiding habits during normal daily life. 
We aimed to evaluate the reproducibility of the skin prick test performed with serial 1:4 dilutions of commercial standardized extracts in comparison with serum-specific IgE and the undiluted commercial extract. Twenty-four subjects sensitized to one (17 cases) or two (seven cases) inhalant allergens were selected and submitted to duplicate skin prick tests with concentrated commercial allergenic extracts or with serial 1:4 dilutions of the same extracts in two different examinations 7 days apart. Blood samples were obtained from 17 of the 24 patients for specific IgE determination. No statistically significant within-patient variations in the area of the wheal in skin prick tests done 1 week apart were found up to the eighth dilution (1:256) of the commercial allergen. On a patient-by-patient basis, only some dilutions showed a statistically significant correlation between allergen-specific IgE and the wheal area elicited by the same allergen, and a significant correlation was found between the wheal elicited by 10 mg/ml histamine and both the concentrated and diluted allergens (up to the sixth dilution). In polysensitized patients, the allergen producing the largest wheal when used in concentrated form did not produce the same result when diluted. The skin prick test with low-potency allergens was reproducible in individual patients even after a 7-day interval up to a 1:256 dilution of the commercial extract, although there was no clear correlation with allergen-specific IgE concentration. In polysensitized patients, the use of high-potency or low-potency allergens for skin prick tests can lead to different conclusions regarding the relative importance of each allergen.
Inaccurate quantification of plasma HIV RNA concentration may be detrimental to patient care, yet little is known about how reproducible results are within and between laboratories. Each week between January and April 1998 a different laboratory represented at the Public Health Laboratory Service HIV Diagnosis Forum sent aliquots of the same anti-HIV positive plasma specimen by First Class Mail to the other 12 laboratories and to itself. Aliquots were frozen on receipt and examined in the next assay run. At the end of the 13 week period each laboratory reported their findings and provided further information about the specimen that they had dispatched. The correlation of results between laboratories and between the four different assay kits used was generally satisfactory. HIV RNA concentrations determined by the Roche Monitor and AcuGen kits were higher, and by the Chiron Quantiplex v 2.0 kit lower, than average. The Chiron Quantiplex gave the most reproducible concentrations. Nine 'below detection limit' results occurred, associated with three specimens. One specimen gave a below detection limit result in every one of six laboratories using the Organon Teknika Nuclisens HIV-1 QT kit, and was found to contain viral RNA of HIV-1 clade G. Another below detection limit result was probably due to technical error, and the remaining two to assay insensitivity. The findings suggested that an unsustained change in HIV RNA of <log(10)1.00 may not be a reliable basis for modifying treatment. This study confirms the need for performance assessment and for conservative interpretation of isolated changes in the estimate of HIV RNA concentration. Parallel testing of consecutive specimens from individual patients, though expensive, probably offers the best indication of significant change in the HIV RNA concentration.
1-Hydroxypyrene (HOP), a metabolite found in the urine of humans and laboratory animals exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), is known to be both acutely toxic and genotoxic. It has been widely used as a biomarker for studying PAH exposure. In this research, we have found that, upon UVA irradiation, HOP causes DNA single-strand cleavages and forms HOP-DNA covalent adducts. The UVA-induced cleavage of supercoiled plasmid PhiX174 DNA is dependent upon both HOP concentration and UVA dosage. A longer irradiation time or higher HOP concentration induces more DNA cleavage. Results of the photocleavage experiments carried out in the presence of reactive oxygen species scavengers, histidine, sodium azide, mannitol, SOD, and desferal indicate that both the superoxide free radical and singlet oxygen are likely involved in causing DNA single-strand cleavage. The photocleavage is inhibited by the presence of an excited singlet-state quencher, KI, indicating that it is an excited-state reaction. Along with light-induced DNA cleavage, HOP also forms DNA covalent adducts while being degraded upon light irradiation. Light-induced degradation of 20 microM HOP follows first-order reaction kinetics in a 10% methanolic buffer (10 mM phosphate) solution in the absence or presence of 40 microM calf thymus DNA, with degradation half-lives of 20 or 15 min, respectively. The shorter degradation half-life in the presence of DNA is due to the formation of the HOP-DNA covalent adduct. The formation of the HOP-DNA covalent adduct is evidenced by comparing the UV-vis absorption and fluorescence emission spectra of the pure HOP with those of the HOP-DNA adduct. The covalent HOP-DNA adduct produced due to irradiation was purified by either extensive dialysis (3 x 500 mL buffer solutions), phenol and chloroform extraction followed by ethanol precipitation, or chloroform extraction alone. The isolated HOP-DNA adduct has an absorption peak at 353 nm, which is 8 nm red-shifted compared to that of free HOP. The fluorescence emission for HOP-DNA is at least 70 times weaker than that for free HOP in solution. In summary, the findings with HOP reveal that, in addition to metabolic activation that eventually leads to the formation of alkylated DNA adducts or other forms of DNA damage, HOP may be activated by light to produce DNA single-strand cleavage and covalent DNA adducts. These DNA lesions can be sources of toxicity.
In this study, we identified the main hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) and other chlorinated phenolic compounds and we determined their relative concentrations in whole blood from 13 male and 17 female Inuit from northern Quebec, Canada, and from a pooled whole blood sample from southern Quebec. We also determined concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Total OH-PCB concentrations were variable among the Inuit samples, ranging over 2 orders of magnitude (0.117-11.6 ng/g whole blood wet weight). These concentrations were equal to and up to 70 times those found for the southern Quebec pooled whole blood sample. Geometric mean concentrations of total OH-PCBs were 1.73 and 1.01 ng/g whole blood for Inuit men and women, respectively, and 0.161 ng/g whole blood for the southern population pool. There are limited data available for comparison, but the levels of OH-PCBs in Inuit are higher than those previously reported in the literature for other populations. There was a significant correlation (p < 0.005) between OH-PCBs and PCBs (r = 0.84) and both correlated significantly (p < 0.005) with age (r = 0.68 and 0.78, respectively). The ratio of OH-PCBs to PCBs was lower in Inuit (0.11) than in the southern Quebec pool (0.33). There is no apparent explanation for the difference. There was considerable variability in the congener pattern of the identified OH-PCBs. The main metabolite, 4-OH-CB109 (4-OH-2,3,3',4', 5-pentachlorobiphenyl), constituted 12-62% of the total OH-PCBs in the samples. Pentachlorophenol (PCP) was the dominant phenolic compound in blood, constituting 46% (geometric mean) of the total quantitated chlorinated phenolic compounds. PCP concentrations in Inuit blood ranged from 0.558 to 7.77 ng/g on a wet weight basis. All but two Inuit samples had lower concentrations than the southern Quebec pool (6.29 ng/g). The possible role of OH-PCBs in mediating PCB-induced adverse effects needs to be investigated further.
OBJECTIVES: Wood combustion is used as a major energy source in African countries and could result in indoor, pollution-related health problems. This exploratory study was undertaken to estimate polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) and carbon monoxide exposure in individuals living in traditional rural houses in Burundi. METHODS: Standard methods were used to determine indoor air concentrations of 12 PAHs, and carbon monoxide. The urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) was measured in occupants of traditional houses, and compared with that of individuals living in the town of Bujumbura, the capital of Burundi. RESULTS: Mean airborne concentration of four volatile PAHs, naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene and acenaphthene, exceeded 1 microg/m3, and that of benzo(a)pyrene was 0.07 microg/m3. Naphthalene was by far the main PAH contaminant, with a mean concentration (+/- standard deviation) of 28.7+/-23.4 microg/m3, representing on average 60-70% of total PAH concentration. Carbon monoxide mean concentration (+/- standard deviation) was 42+/-31 mg/m3, and correlated with total PAH concentration. Geometric mean urinary 1-OHP excretion (range) in people living in traditional houses was 1.50 (0.26-15.62) micromol/mol creatinine, a value which is on average 30 times higher than that of people living in the capital (0.05 (0.009-0.17) micromol/mol creatinine). CONCLUSIONS: It appears that the substantially high concentrations of the studied contaminants constitute a potential health hazard to the rural population of Burundi. 
Rates of oxygen consumption (M(O(2))) for Fundulus grandis, the gulf killifish, were measured in air-saturated water, at four progressively lower levels of oxygen and upon normoxic recovery. The pattern of M(O(2)) versus oxygen partial pressure (P(w)O(2)) was that of an oxygen regulator, with a critical oxygen pressure (P(c)) of 34 torr (1 torr=133.3 Pa). Below this value, M(O(2)) decreased and the concentration of blood lactate increased, indicating anaerobic metabolism during hypoxia. Recovery was characterized by elevated M(O(2)) compared to the initial normoxic exposure, coupled with the rapid clearance of blood lactate. Variation in M(O(2)) among the individual fish was appreciable and, in general, it was greater at higher levels of P(w)O(2). This inter-individual variation was significantly larger than the variation between replicate measures of M(O(2)) for a given individual, i.e. it cannot be attributed solely to random error. Furthermore, values for M(O(2)) during normoxia were found to be repeatable when the same fish were used in multiple experimental trials. The observation of significant, repeatable inter-individual variation in M(O(2)) suggests that such variation is a real and potentially important feature of fish metabolism.
Under- and overreporting of energy intake in relation to body mass index (BMI, kg/m2) were examined by using 24-hour urinary sodium and potassium as biomarkers. The data were obtained from 2,124 men and 1,998 women aged 25-74 years who participated in the 1981-1984 Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health study conducted in Belgium. The ratios of dietary intake to urinary excretion of sodium and potassium, as a measure for relative underreporting, were inversely associated with BMI (for men, beta = -0.019 for sodium ratio and beta = -0.026 for potassium ratio; for women, beta = -0.017 for sodium ratio and beta = -0.019 for potassium ratio; all p < 0.0001) independent of age, smoking, alcohol intake, and educational level. Since 77% of dietary potassium was reported to be excreted in the urine, subjects for whom the (dietary potassium x 0.77)/urinary potassium ratio was <1 were considered underreporters and >1 as overreporters. The percentage of underreporters increased with increasing pooled sex-specific deciles of BMI (beta = 1.88, p < 0.0001) and was higher than the percentage of overreporters in 13 of 20 deciles. At a BMI of 25.4, the percentage of under- and overreporters equalized. In conclusion, the relative underreporting of energy intake and the percentage of underreporters increased with increasing BMI.
Exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products (DBPs), such as trihalomethanes (THMs), has been associated with bladder and colorectal cancer in humans. Exposure to DBPs has typically been determined by examining historical water treatment records and reconstructing study participants' water consumption histories. However, other exposure routes, such as dermal absorption and inhalation, may be important components of an individual's total exposure to drinking water DBPs. In this study, we examined individuals' exposure to THMs through drinking, showering, or bathing in tap water. Thirty-one adult volunteers showered with tap water for 10 min (n = 11), bathed for 10 min in a bathtub filled with tap water (n = 10), or drank 1 l of tap water during a 10 min time period (n = 10). Participants provided three 10 ml blood samples: one sample immediately before the exposure; one sample 10 min after the exposure ended; and one sample 30 min (for shower and tub exposure) or 1 h ( for ingestion) after the exposure ended. A sample of the water (from the tap, from the bath, or from the shower) was collected for each participant. We analyzed water samples and whole blood for THMs (bromoform, bromodichloromethane, dibromochloromethane, and chloroform) using a purge-and-trap/gas chromatography/mass spectrometry method with detection limits in the parts-per-quadrillion range. The highest levels of THMs were found in the blood samples from people who took 10 min showers, whereas the lowest levels were found in the blood samples from people who drank 1 l of water in 10 min. The results from this study indicate that household activities such as bathing and showering are important routes for human exposure to THMs.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate cholesterol-lowering effects of stanol ester (STAEST) and sterol ester (STEEST)-enriched margarines as part of a low-fat diet. DESIGN: According to a Latin square model randomized double-blind repeated measures design with three test margarines and three periods. SETTING: Outpatient clinical trial with free-living subjects. SUBJECTS: Thirty-four hypercholesterolaemic subjects completed the study. INTERVENTIONS: Subjects consumed three rapeseed oil-based test margarines (STAEST, STEEST and control (no added stanols or sterols)) as part of a low-fat diet each for 4 weeks. RESULTS: Mean daily intake of total plant sterols plus stanols was 2.01-2.04 g during the two test margarine periods. In reference to control, serum total cholesterol was reduced by 9.2 and 7.3% with the STAEST and STEEST margarine, respectively (P<0.001 for both). The respective reductions for low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol were 12.7 and 10.4% (P<0. 001). The cholesterol-lowering effects of the test margarines did not differ significantly. The presence of apolipoprotein E4 allele had a significant effect on LDL cholesterol response during the STAEST margarine only. Serum sitosterol and campesterol increased by 0.83 and 2.77 mg/l with the STEEST (P<0.001), respectively and decreased by 1.18 and 2.60 mg/l with the STAEST margarine (P<0.001). Increases of serum sitostanol and campestanol were 0.11 and 0.19 mg/l with the STAEST margarine (P<0.001), repsectively. No significant changes were found in serum fat-soluble vitamin and carotenoid concentrations when related to serum total cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: STAEST and STEEST margarines reduced significantly and equally serum total and LDL cholesterol concentrations as part of a low-fat diet. SPONSORSHIP: Grant to the University of Kuopio by Raisio Benecol Ltd, Raisio, Finland. 
UNLABELLED: Our objective was to investigate the usefulness of human ultralente insulin as basal substitution overnight in patients with Type 1 diabetes treated with multiple insulin injection therapy by evaluating the free insulin and glucose profiles, the day-to-day variability and the impact of the time of injection. METHODS: Ten patients with Type 1 diabetes and with good metabolic control (mean HbAlc 6.0%), treated with regular human insulin before breakfast, lunch and dinner and human ultralente (Ultratard) before dinner or at bedtime, were studied. Plasma profiles of blood glucose and free insulin were measured on three occasions from 16.00 h until noon the next day. On two of these occasions Ultratard was injected before dinner and once it was injected at bedtime in randomized order. RESULTS: Injection of regular insulin before dinner resulted in a high insulin peak during the evening but no insulin peak was found that could be attributed to ultralente. The plasma concentration of free insulin at 03.00 h was 11.0+/-1.9 mU/L and it slowly decreased to 6.4+/-1.4 at 12.00 h after administration of ultralente at 17.00 h. There were no differences in the mean plasma insulin profiles compared to the other occasion when insulin was given at 17.00 h or at 22.00 h. On the other hand, the intra-individual day-to-day variability of mean insulin concentration during the night was considerable, often exceeding 50%. No differences were noted in the mean blood glucose profiles between the three occasions. CONCLUSION: Human ultralente insulin gives an insulin profile suitable for overnight substitution, but the great day-to-day variability limits its usefulness. It can be injected before dinner or at bedtime without any change in the insulin profile during the night. 
It is known that lower-chlorinated biphenyls are metabolically activated to electrophilic quinoid species capable of binding to DNA. Also, certain metabolites are capable of redox cycling, thereby increasing oxidative stress in biological systems. In the present study, we tested mono-, di-, tri-, tetra-, penta-, hexa-, and heptachlorinated biphenyls for their ability to bind with DNA and to induce oxidative DNA damage. We present additional evidence that several PCB congeners form DNA adducts after metabolic activation, which can be detected by the nuclease P1- or butanol-enrichment procedures of the (32)P-postlabeling technique. Butanol and nuclease P1 enrichments showed different adduct recoveries, depending on the level of chlorination of the biphenyls. Application of the nuclease P1 enrichment showed that the incubation of 2-chloro-; 3, 4-dichloro-; 2,4,4'-trichloro-; 3,4,5-trichloro-; and 2,2',5, 5'-tetrachlorobiphenyl with calf thymus DNA and liver microsomes from rats treated with phenobarbital, followed by oxidation with a peroxidase, produced five to eight different DNA adducts. For these lower-chlorinated biphenyls, butanol enrichment generally showed a lower recovery. For some higher substituted congeners (3,3',4,4', 5-pentachloro-, 2,2',3,4,4',5'-hexachloro-, 2,2',4,4',5, 5'-hexachloro-, and 2,2',3,4,4',5,5'-heptachlorobiphenyl), after butanol enrichment a single dominant spot was observed, which was absent in the nuclease P1 procedure. After incubation of calf thymus DNA with either higher- or lower-chlorinated PCB congeners, we were not able to detect significantly increased levels of oxidative DNA damage above background levels, measured as 8-oxo-7, 8-dihydro-2'deoxyguanosine. In view of the carcinogenicity of PCB mixtures in animals and the ability of PCB metabolites to bind covalently to DNA, rats were orally treated with a mixture of PCBs (Aroclor 1242). PCB-DNA adduct levels were analyzed in PCB target organs: liver, thymus, glandular stomach, spleen, testes, seminal vesicles and prostate DNA. In vivo PCB-DNA adducts could not be detected by either the butanol- or by the NP1-enrichment procedure in rat target tissue DNA. Also, no differences in oxidative DNA damage could be observed between PCB-treated rats and controls. These results indicate a lack of DNA reactivity of PCB mixtures in vivo.
Tobacco smoking is a major risk factor for oral cancer; mouth floor and buccal mucosa are among the most and least cancer-prone subsites, respectively, in the oral cavity. We investigated the applicability of immunohistochemistry of smoking-induced DNA adducts in oral cells for assessing the exposure to carcinogens, and estimating the risk for oral cancer. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts were measured in mouth floor and buccal mucosa cells of smokers (n = 26) and nonsmokers (n = 22) by means of a semiquantitative immunoperoxidase assay. Smokers had elevated levels of PAH-DNA adducts compared to nonsmokers in their mouth floor cells (0.045 +/- 0.022 versus 0.022 +/- 0.016, P = 0.0008 arbitrary units of immunohistochemistry) as well as in their buccal mucosa cells (0.058 +/- 0.028 versus 0.028 +/- 0.012, P = 0.001). Also, there was a correlation between the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in mouth floor cells and those in buccal mucosa cells (r = 0.4, P = 0.01). Furthermore, PAH-DNA adduct levels in both mouth floor and buccal mucosa cells were significantly related to current smoking indices (amount of tar and number of cigarettes consumed per day). Expectedly, the levels of PAH-DNA adducts neither in mouth floor cells nor in buccal mucosa cells, both being short-lived cells, were related to smoking history index (pack years). The levels of PAH-DNA adducts, however, in mouth floor cells as the cancer prone cells were lower than those in buccal mucosa cells (0.037 +/- 0.023 versus 0.044 +/- 0.026, P = 0.04). We conclude that immunohistochemistry of PAH-DNA adducts in oral cells can be used for exposure assessment of tobacco-related carcinogens, however, it cannot be used for oral cancer risk estimation.
BACKGROUND: Ultra-high-frequency (40- to 50-MHz) intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) improves image quality compared with conventional 20- to 30-MHz IVUS. However, as the frequency of IVUS increases, high-intensity backscatter from blood components may cause visual difficulties in discrimination between the lumen and arterial wall structure. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of a novel blood noise reduction algorithm (BNR) on quantitative coronary ultrasound measurements. METHODS AND RESULTS: IVUS studies using a 40-MHz transducer were performed in 35 patients with coronary artery disease. A total of 620 gray-scale images (310 pairs) were processed with and without the BNR, and lumen cross-sectional area (CSA) was determined by 2 independent observers. With the BNR, the intraobserver and interobserver correlation coefficients for lumen CSA were significantly improved (0.85 to 0.99 and 0.80 to 0.98, respectively). In the 270 images (135 pairs) in which vessel wall measurements were possible, the BNR significantly improved the intraobserver and interobserver correlation coefficients for plaque plus media CSA (0.83 to 0.99 and 0.76 to 0.97, respectively), whereas no influence was observed for external elastic membrane CSA (1.00 to 1.00 and 0.99 to 0.99, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates the feasibility of this novel algorithm to reduce blood noise, thereby enabling accurate lumen border delineation and providing reproducible measurements of both the lumen and plaque plus media CSAs. Incorporating a digital BNR may serve as an important adjunct to ultra-high-frequency IVUS imaging for improving accurate quantitative evaluation of vessel dimensions. 
We describe the pattern of soy intake and its association with blood lipid concentrations in the Hong Kong Chinese population. Subjects were contacted by random telephone survey and invited to a hospital for a physical examination and blood tests. A total of 500 men and 510 women with an age range of 24-74 y completed the dietary intake study. The dietary assessment was based on a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire that included 10 commonly consumed soy items. Many (88%) of the study population had consumed some soy products during the previous week. About 80% of the soy protein or isoflavones were obtained from different forms of tofu, and an additional 9% was obtained from soy milk. The mean weekly isoflavone intake was 102 +/- 107 mg in men and 77 +/- 90 mg in women. In men, soy intake and total plasma cholesterol were negatively correlated (r = -0.09, P: = 0.04), as were soy intake and LDL cholesterol (r = -0.11, P: = 0.02). The respective values in women <50 y old were r = -0.11, P: = 0.04 and r = -0.11, P: = 0.05. Soy protein remained significantly associated with these two lipid concentrations after adjustment for other social and dietary confounders. Higher soy intake seemed to be related to a better plasma lipid profile in men and in younger women, but more epidemiological studies and controlled clinical trials in this setting would help to confirm the optimal amount required for the prevention and treatment of hyperlipidemia.
Urinary excretion of volatile nitrosamines was assessed in 59 non-smokers living in a rural county of Qubec, Canada. Water and food intakes were measured by means of a 24-hour recall. Nitrates were analyzed in the tap water of all participants (geometric mean=2.0 mg nitrate-N/L) and dietary intakes of nitrate and vitamins C and E were estimated via a validated Canadian food database. Urine was collected over the same 24-hour period and analyzed for nitrates by hydrazine reduction and for volatile nitrosamines by gas-chromatography/mass spectrometry. N-Nitrosopiperidine (NPIP) was found in urine samples from 52 of the 59 subjects. Geometric mean of NPIP urinary excretion was 67 ng/day and maximum value was 1045 ng/day. No other volatile nitrosamine was detected. There was a correlation between urinary nitrate excretion and total nitrate intake (r=0.71, P < 0.001). However, no relationship was found between urinary NPIP excretion and either nitrate excretion, dietary or water nitrate intakes. NPIP excretion was significantly correlated to coffee intake (r=0.40, P=0.002) and this relation was not modified by vitamin intake. We conclude that nitrate intake is not related to nitrosamine excretion in this rural population. The influence of coffee consumption on NPIP excretion deserves further attention.
Copper concentration in blood plasma is used mainly as an indicator for alimentary copper supply. This has some limitations because copper concentration in plasma fluctuates with age, exercise and health status and does not increase after a meal nor decrease during short-term fasting. The Austrian Study on Nutritional Status (ASNS) provides data on nutrient intake and corresponding plasma concentrations, permitting to evaluate the suitability of copper plasma concentration as a marker of copper intake. Copper intake and intake of relevant nutrients and food groups were evaluated from 7-day weighed food records from 2,400 preschool and schoolchildren between 4 and 19 years of age. Blood samples were collected from a subgroup of 1,400 of these children. The copper concentration in plasma was measured by graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometry. Correlations between plasma concentrations and intake of nutrients and food groups were calculated using a stepwise linear regression model. The results showed that the determination of copper plasma concentrations are inadequate to predict copper intake from dietary records. A better indicator for copper supply may be the evaluation of those food items, which are the predominant sources of copper intake at the population level. The highest influence on copper plasma concentration was found for the intake of meat, representing not only the most important food group for copper supply but also the most important food group for fat and protein supply. The individual copper status can only be estimated accurately when information on characteristic enzyme activities under control of additional factors of influence or even body stores of copper are available.
BACKGROUND: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) have been shown to positively affect blood lipids; however, their comparative effects on insulin sensitivity are unclear. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate whether chronic intake of MUFAs or PUFAs improves insulin sensitivity in people with type 2 diabetes via stimulation of the endogenous gut hormone glucagon-like peptide 1 [7-36] amide (GLP-1). DESIGN: Nine overweight people with type 2 diabetes received isoenergetic high-MUFA (20.3 +/- 3.5% of total energy) or high-PUFA (13.4 +/- 1. 3%) diets for 24 d in a randomized, double-blind crossover design. RESULTS: Weight and glycemic control remained stable throughout the study. Despite a significant change in the plasma triacylglycerol linoleic-oleic acid ratio (L:O) with both diets (MUFA: from 0.46 +/- 0.03 to 0.29 +/- 0.02, P: < 0.005; PUFA: from 0.36 +/- 0.04 to 0.56 +/- 0.05, P: < 0.05) and the phospholipid L:O (1.7 +/- 0.1 to 2.0 +/- 0.3; P: = 0.04) during consumption of the PUFA diet, this change was not associated with a change in insulin sensitivity, measured by the short-insulin-tolerance test. There was a significant reduction in the ratio of total to HDL cholesterol during consumption of the PUFA diet (5.2 +/- 0.4 compared with 4.7 +/- 0.3; P: = 0.005) but no change with the MUFA diet. There was no change in the fasting or postprandial incremental area under the curve in response to an identical standard test meal for glucose, insulin, triacylglycerol, nonesterified fatty acids, or GLP-1. CONCLUSIONS: Over the 3-wk intervention period, diet-induced change in the triacylglycerol or phospholipid L:O was not associated with either increased stimulation of GLP-1 or a change in insulin sensitivity in people with type 2 diabetes. 
Endothelial dysfunction might be an important and early event in the pathogenesis of major cardiovascular diseases. Therefore, the evaluation of endothelial function in humans may be of great clinical relevance. Usual methods for that purpose are either invasive and/or technically demanding. In the dermal microcirculation, endothelial function may be assessed noninvasively from the laser Doppler measurement of increases in blood flow after either the transdermal application of acetylcholine by iontophoresis, or the release of transient arterial occlusion (reactive hyperemia). An endothelium-independent response may be provided by the iontophoresis of sodium nitroprusside. This approach is notable for technical simplicity, but of uncertain reproducibility. Sixteen young, healthy, nonsmoking males were examined in the fasting state. Changes in skin blood flow were measured with a laser Doppler imager during the iontophoresis of acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside, as well as during reactive hyperemia, on two different days, at each of two different sites on the volar face of the forearm. Nonspecific effects related to the stimulation of terminal nerve fibers by the iontophoretic current were suppressed by prior surface anesthesia. The iontophoresis of acetylcholine and sodium nitroprusside induced a seven- to eightfold increase in dermal blood flow. The corresponding figure for peak reactive hyperemia was approximately fourfold. The mean coefficients of variation of responses recorded on different days, on the same site, in the same individual were <10% for iontophoresis of acetylcholine and for peak reactive hyperemia, and between 10 and 20% for iontophoresis of sodium nitroprusside. This day-to-day variation was significantly smaller than the site-to-site variation (p < 0.01 for all three responses). Endothelium-dependent and -independent responses of dermal blood flow evaluated with laser Doppler imaging are highly reproducible from day to day, at least in healthy nonsmoking young male subjects, and provided some simple precautions are observed, foremost among which is the strict standardization of the recording site. These observations may have implications for the testing of endothelial function in clinical studies.
Many plastic items are made of polyvinylchloride (PVC) blended with plasticizers. The most frequently used plasticizer is di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP). DEHP migrates at a constant rate from plastics to the environment: it has been detected in water, soil and food and is therefore considered as a widespread environmental contaminant. Over the past several years, a number of publications concerning toxic effects of DEHP on animals and humans have been reported. Although DEHP is suggested to be of low acute toxicity, long-term exposure, especially in human beings at risk such as pregnant women and children, requires more in-depth studies. If DEHP toxicity in humans were to be confirmed, it would be advisable in the future to replace current PVC plasticizers, especially if they come into contact with babies, with better-quality materials.
OBJECTIVE: To determine if total nucleated cell counts alone are sufficient for predicting the efficacy of cord blood units for transplant from neonatal umbilical cord blood samples. METHODS: Umbilical cord blood samples were collected from 200 mothers at delivery and the cord blood units processed. The total nucleated cells and CD34+ cells were enumerated and compared for each sample. RESULTS: Despite an apparent linear correlation between total nucleated cell counts and CD34+ cell counts, each group of total nucleated cell counts demonstrated a high degree of variation in CD34+ cell counts and could be as low as 0.1% of total nucleated cell counts. CONCLUSIONS: Large variations in CD34+ cell counts per total nucleated cell count are present for cord blood units from neonatal umbilical cord samples. Hence a CD34+ cell count for each cord blood unit would improve selection of samples for transplant. 
A strategy is presented to predict interindividual variation in drug plasma levels in vivo by the use of physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling and human in vitro metabolic parameters, obtained through the combined use of microsomes containing single cytochrome P450 enzymes and a human liver microsome bank. The strategy, applied to the pharmaceutical compound (N-[2-(7-methoxy-1-naphtyl)-ethyl]acetamide), consists of the following steps: (1) estimation of enzyme kinetic parameters K(m) and V(max) for the key cytochrome P450 enzymes using microsomes containing individual P450 enzymes; (2) scaling-up of the V(max) values for each individual cytochrome P450 involved using the ratio between marker substrate activities obtained from the same microsomes containing single P450 enzymes and a human liver microsome bank; (3) incorporation into a physiologically based pharmacokinetic model. For validation, predicted blood plasma levels and pharmacokinetic parameters were compared to those found in human volunteers: both the absolute plasma levels as well as the range in plasma levels were well predicted. Therefore, the presented strategy appears to be promising with respect to the integration of interindividual differences in metabolism and prediction of the possible impact on plasma and tissue concentrations of drugs in humans.
AIMS: To examine the relationship between dietary protein intake and possible early markers of diabetic nephropathy (creatinine clearance (CrCI), kidney volume and albumin excretion rate (AER)). METHODS: One hundred and forty-five subjects with diabetes for 5-10 years, divided into three pubertal groups, participated. Kidney volume was measured by ultrasound, and serum creatinine and HbA1c were assayed. Two or three 24-h urine collections were obtained for albumin, creatinine and urea excretion rates. Dietary protein intake was estimated from urinary urea nitrogen excretion rate. Glomerular filtration rate was estimated by creatinine clearance. RESULTS: Mean protein intake was 1.22 +/- 0.48 g x kg(-1) x day(-1) Protein intake was significantly higher in males than females (P < 0.0001) and highest in prepubertal compared to mid-pubertal and post-pubertal subjects (P < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, protein intake was positively associated with CrCl (P < 0.0001), and male sex (P < 0.0001) and negatively associated with body surface area (P = 0.0013) and age (P = 0.01). Kidney volume and AER were not related to dietary protein intake. CONCLUSIONS: This cross-sectional study failed to show a significant relationship between dietary protein intake and markers of early nephropathy, other than CrCl. However, a longitudinal, prospective study is required to definitively assess the role of protein intake in the evolution of diabetic nephropathy. 
The aim of this study was to investigate the association of stellate cell activation with serum fibrosis markers in a rat model of hepatic fibrosis prepared using a choline-deficient L-amino acid (CDAA) defined diet. CDAA diet administration resulted in increased liver hydroxyproline contents in a time-dependent manner with activated stellate cells, expressing alpha-smooth muscle actin (alpha-SMA) as well as increased serum concentrations of amino-terminal procollagen type III peptide (PIIIP) and the 7S fragment of type IV collagen. Hydroxyproline content of the liver showed a closer correlation with the serum 7S (r = 0.75, P < 0.01) concentration than with the serum PIIIP (r = 0.51, P < 0.01) concentration. The percent area of alpha-SMA-positive cells showed stronger correlation with the serum PIIIP concentration (r = 0.85, P < 0.01) than with the 7S concentration (r = 0.50, P < 0.01). These results indicate that the serum PIIIP concentration reflects the activity of fibrogenesis, while the serum 7S concentration reflects the accumulation of collagen fibers in the liver.
BACKGROUND: Although the effects of individual foods or nutrients on the development of diseases and their risk factors have been investigated in many studies, little attention has been given to the effect of overall dietary patterns. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to examine the associations of 2 major dietary patterns, Western and prudent, with biomarkers of obesity and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. DESIGN: We used factor analysis to define major dietary patterns for a subsample of men (n = 466) from the Health Professionals Follow-up Study by using dietary information collected from food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs) in 1994. We calculated partial correlation coefficients between pattern scores and biomarker values adjusted for age, smoking status, energy and alcohol intake, physical activity, hours of television watching, and body mass index. RESULTS: We derived 2 major dietary patterns that were generally reproducible over time. The first pattern (prudent) was characterized by higher intakes of fruit, vegetables, whole grains, and poultry. The second pattern (Western) was characterized by higher intakes of red meats, high-fat dairy products, and refined grains. Using pattern scores from 1994 and adjusting for potential confounders, we found significant positive correlations between the Western pattern and insulin, C-peptide, leptin, and homocysteine concentrations, and an inverse correlation with plasma folate concentrations. The prudent pattern was positively correlated with plasma folate and inversely correlated with insulin and homocysteine concentrations. CONCLUSION: Major dietary patterns are predictors of plasma biomarkers of CVD and obesity risk, suggesting that the effect of overall diet on CVD risk may be mediated through these biomarkers. 
The effects of 8-week diethylmaleate (DEM) and clofibric acid (CFA) supplemented diet on blood pressure, body and liver weights, liver antioxidant status and nitric oxide synthase (NOS) activity were investigated in 8-week DOCA-salt treated and untreated Sprague-Dawley male rats. It appeared that DEM and particularly CFA treatments were associated with a significant decrease in blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats, and an accentuation of the decreases in body weights in both diet supplemented groups. This was not associated with increases in NO production in the liver. In contrast, hepatic lipid peroxidation was significantly decreased in both DOCA-salt treated and untreated groups on DEM and particularly on CFA supplemented diet. The protective effects of CFA and DEM against hepatic cellular damage could be involved in the decreases in blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats, where CFA was more efficient than DEM. In CFA supplemented groups, there was a strong increase in hepatic superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione-peroxidase (GSH-Px), and catalase (CAT) activities and in DEM supplemented groups, increases in SOD and CAT activities and in GSH levels were observed. Our data suggest that normalization of blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats by CFA was due to an enhancement of the half-life of NO while DEM increased its availability.
In support of a study to relate developmental and cognitive effects with prenatal exposure to selected environmental toxicants, we developed and applied an analytical method to determine the concentration of two persistent pesticides, hexachlorobenzene (HCB) and p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE), and 32 specific polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners in 316 umbilical cords taken in 1986-1987 from women of the Faroe Islands. The analytical method consisted of homogenization of the cords, partitioning, microsilica gel column chromatography for clean-up, and dual-column capillary gas chromatography (DB-5 and DB-1701) with electron capture detection. Several quality control parameters were followed to monitor the performance of the method. Important criteria used before reporting unknown data were the recovery of in vitro-spiked analytes from a bovine umbilical cord (BUC) and the percentage lipid obtained for a Certified Reference Material (CRM)-350 of mackerel oil (MO). Recoveries of analytes that had been spiked at two concentration ranges (0.26-0.95 ng/g whole weight; 0.35-2.42 ng/g whole weight) into bovine cords ranged from 38.5% to 158% and from 50.4% to 145%, respectively, with a median recovery of 77.7%. Measurement of the percentage lipid for CRM-350 ranged from 73.8% to 107% with a median lipid value of 96.0%. The most prevalent analytes detected (%) in unknown umbilical cords were HCB (100), DDE (100), Ballschmiter/Zell PCBs 153 (100), 138 (98), 180 (98), 170 (93), 118 (88), 187 (86), and 146 (83), with corresponding median concentrations (ng/g whole weight) of 0.17, 1.19, 0.38, 0.30, 0.17, 0.11, 0.12, 0.09, and 0.07, respectively. Total PCB--sum of all measurable PCB congeners--had a median concentration of 1.37 ng/g whole weight. The analytes, which were very low in lipid content were also quantified on a lipid-adjusted basis, which provided an analytical challenge in these umbilical cord samples. The gravimetrically measured lipids in the human specimens ranged from 0.01% to 1.43% (median of 0.18%). In the pooled BUCs, our lipid measurements varied from 0.05% to 0.33% with a median value of 0.13%. The utility of using the umbilical cord as a matrix to assess in utero exposure to persistent environmental pollutants, compared with the use of umbilical cord blood or mother's blood, is worthy of debate.
Female minks (Mustela vison) fed diets based on freshwater, marine or mixed fish were exposed to 1 mg of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) a day for 21 weeks. The plasma leptin and thyroxine concentrations and the glucose-6-phosphatase and glycogen phophorylase activities in the liver were measured at the end of the experiment. The plasma thyroxine concentrations were significantly higher in the group exposed to PCBs. The mean plasma leptin concentration and glucose-6-phosphatase activity was the highest in the group that had the lowest body-mass index (BMI). The glycogen phophorylase activity was the highest in the freshwater fish-control group. The results suggest that the amount of fat in the body of the female minks is not the only determinant of the plasma leptin levels, but the leptin levels seem to rise with a lowered BMI unlike in rodents or humans. The positive correlation between the leptin levels and the glucose-6-phosphatase activity suggests increased gluconeogenesis with high leptin levels. Subchronic exposure to PCBs seems to have no effect on the plasma leptin levels or the glucose-6-phophatase activities, but it elevates significantly the plasma thyroxine levels with a mechanism that remains unknown.
BACKGROUND: Urinary tract infections (UTIs) are a common source of bacterial infection among young febrile children. Clinical variables affecting the sensitivity of the urinalysis (UA) as a screen for UTI have not been previously investigated. The limited sensitivity of the UA for detecting a UTI requires that a urine culture be obtained in some children regardless of the UA result; however, a proper urine culture requires an invasive procedure, so the criteria for its use should be optimized. OBJECTIVES: To determine how the sensitivity of the standard UA as a screening test for UTI varies with age, and to determine the clinical situation that necessitates the collection of a urine culture regardless of the UA result. METHODS: Retrospective medical record review of patients younger than 2 years with fever (>/=38 degrees C) seen in the emergency department during a period of 65 months. All urine cultures were reviewed for the collection method, isolates, and colony counts. A UA result was considered positive if the presence of 1 of the following was detected: leukocyte esterase, nitrite, or pyuria (>/=5 white blood cells per high power field). Patients who had a paired UA and urine culture were used to calculate the sensitivity, specificity, and likelihood ratios of the UA. The prevalence of UTIs was also subcategorized by age, race, sex, and fever. RESULTS: Medical records of 37 450 febrile children younger than 2 years were reviewed. Forty-four percent were girls. Median age and temperature were 10.6 months and 38.8 degrees C. A total of 11 089 patients (30%) had urine cultures obtained. The sensitivity of the UA was 82% (95% confidence interval [CI], 79%-84%) and did not vary by age subgroups. The specificity of UA was 92% (95% CI, 91%-92%). The likelihood ratios for a positive UA and negative UA were 10.6 (95% CI, 10.0-11.2) and 0.19 (95% CI, 0.18-0.20), respectively. Prevalence of UTI was 2.1% overall (2.9% for girls and 1.5% for boys, respectively). Among girls, the prevalence of UTI was 5.0% in white patients, 2.1% in Hispanic patients, and 1.0% in black patients. Among boys, the prevalence was 2.2% in Hispanic patients, 1.4% in white patients, and 0.8% in black patients. Higher prevalence was also seen among patients with a temperature at or above 39 degrees C compared with those whose temperature was between 38.0 degrees C and 38.9 degrees C. The greatest prevalence of UTI (13%) was found among white girls younger than 6 months with a temperature at or greater than 39 degrees C. The posttest probability of a UTI in the presence of a negative UA can be calculated using the negative likelihood ratio and the patient-specific prevalence of UTI. When the prevalence of UTI is 2%, 1 UA among 250 will produce a false-negative test result. CONCLUSIONS: The sensitivity of the standard UA is 82% (95% CI, 79%-84%) and does not vary with age in febrile children younger than 2 years. The prevalence of UTI varies by age, race, sex, and temperature. A negative likelihood ratio and estimates of prevalence can be used to calculate the risk of missing a UTI due to a false-negative UA result. 
Rye is an important source of plant lignans in Finland. In the present crossover trial we wanted to study the effect of rye bread as part of the usual diet on serum and urine enterolactone (ENL) concentrations in healthy volunteers. Eighteen men aged 43 (sem 2.0) years and twenty-one women aged 43 (sem 1.6) years consumed wholemeal rye bread and white wheat bread in random order for 4 weeks. The bread periods were separated by a 4 week wash-out period. The breads provided at least 20% of the daily energy intake. The mean intakes of rye bread were 219 (sem 14.6) and 162 (sem 5.3) g/d and those of wheat bread were 200 (sem 9.6) and 153 (sem 5.8) g/d for men and women respectively. Blood samples were collected from all subjects and three 24 h urine samples were collected from ten men and twelve women at the end of both bread periods for the determination of serum concentration and urinary excretion of ENL. The mean serum ENL concentrations in both men and women at the beginning of baseline period and at the end of the rye-bread period remained constant and were significantly higher than those at the end of the wheat-bread period. Correspondingly, daily urinary ENL excretion increased significantly during the rye-bread period compared with the wheat-bread period and was 5- and 10-fold higher in men and women respectively in comparison with the amount of plant lignan precursors measured in the rye bread. These data indicate the presence of other precursors for ENL in rye which are not detected by the current method of measuring plant lignans in food. The possible role of fibre in enhancement of the formation of mammalian lignans from their plant precursors in the gut also remains to be determined.
OBJECTIVE: Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) has been used as a biological marker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), and urinary 2-naphthol is suggested as a new marker for route-specific exposure to airborne PAHs. We analyzed urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations in 292 male Koreans (129 university students and 163 shipyard workers) to define the distribution pattern in Koreans with no or low occupational exposure to PAHs. METHOD: Histories of cigarette smoking and the eating of PAH-containing foods were obtained by a self-administered structured questionnaire. Urine samples were collected and urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations were measured using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). RESULTS: The arithmetic (geometric) means of urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations for all students, expressed as micromoles per mole of creatinine, were 0.04 (0.04) and 3.12 (2.22), for non-smokers 0.03 (0.03) and 1.78 (1.30) and for smokers 0.05 (0.03) and 4.36 (3.62), respectively. Among shipyard workers, the arithmetic (geometric) means of urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations were 0.69 (0.31) and 4.37 (2.62) for all, 0.27 (0.18) and 2.46 (1.16) for nonsmokers, and 0.97 (0.44) and 5.60 (4.44) for smokers, respectively. Mean urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations differed significantly between nonsmokers and smokers both in students and in shipyard workers. In smokers, some variables related to smoking habit were positively correlated with urinary 1-OHP and with 2-naphthol concentrations. The latter showed better correlations with the variables related to smoking amount than the former. None of the food-related factors was significantly correlated with urinary 1-OHP or 2-naphthol concentration. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that urinary 2-naphthol concentration is more sensitively affected by smoking status than urinary 1-OHP concentration and that urinary 2-naphthol is a sensitive marker for low-level inhalation of PAHs. 
The study evaluated occupational exposure to trihalomethanes (THMs) in indoor swimming pools. Thirty-two subjects, representing the whole workforce employed in the five public indoor swimming pools in the city of Modena (Northern Italy) were enrolled. Both environmental and biological monitoring of THMs exposure were performed. Environmental concentrations of THMs in different areas inside the swimming pools (at the poolside, in the reception area and in the engine-room) were measured as external exposure index, while individual exposure of swimming pool employees was estimated by THMs concentration in alveolar air. The levels of THMs observed in swimming pool water ranged from 17.8 to 70.8 microg/l; the mean levels of THMs in ambient air were 25.6+/-24.5 microg/m3 in the engine room, 26.1+/-24.3 microg/m3 in the reception area and 58.0+/-22.1 microg/m3 at the poolside. Among THMs, only chloroform and bromodichloromethane were always measured in ambient air, while dibromochloromethane was detected in ambient air rarely and bromoform only once. Biological monitoring results showed a THMs mean value of 20.9+/-15.6 microg/m3. Statistically significant differences were observed according to the main job activity: in pool attendants, THMs alveolar air were approximately double those observed in employees working in other areas of the swimming pools (25.1+/-16.5 microg/m3 vs. 14.8+/-12.3 microg/m3, P < 0.01). THMs in alveolar air samples were significantly correlated with THMs concentrations in ambient air (r = 0.57; P < 0.001). Indoor swimming pool employees are exposed to THMs at ambient air levels higher than the general population. The different environmental exposure inside the swimming pool can induce a different internal dose in exposed workers. The correlation found between ambient and alveolar air samples confirms that breath analysis is a good biological index of occupational exposure to these substances at low environmental levels.
BACKGROUND: The Inflammatory Bowel Disease Questionnaire (IBDQ) is a disease-specific health-related quality of life (HRQOL) questionnaire including four dimensions and a sum score. The aim of this study was to assess the internal and external validity, reliability, and sensitivity of a Swedish version of the IBDQ. METHODS: Three hundred consecutive patients with ulcerative colitis completed the IBDQ and three other health-related quality of life questionnaires (the Rating Form of IBD Patient Concerns (RFIPC), the Short Form-36 (SF-36) and the Psychological General Well-Being (PGWB) index). Disease activity was evaluated using a 1-week symptom diary, blood tests and rigid sigmoidoscopy. One hundred and fourteen patients filled in the questionnaire a second time, of whom 75 had been in stable remission for over 6 months and 39 had a significant clinical change in disease activity. RESULTS: Factor analysis of the 32 IBDQ items did not support the four dimensional scores. The dimensional scores had sufficient convergent validity, but low discriminative validity and homogeneity. The homogeneity was also low for the sum score. The inter-dimensional correlations were high. The concurrent validity was supported by correlations between the dimensional scores and other measures of disease activity and HRQOL. Patients in relapse scored significantly less on the sum score and the four dimensions compared to patients in remission. The test-retest correlations for the dimensional scores were 0.40-0.76. Patients with a change in disease activity during the 6-month follow-up period had a significant change in IBDQ scores not found in those who remained in remission. CONCLUSIONS: The Swedish version of the IBDQ had external validity and was shown to be a reliable and sensitive measure of HRQOL in ulcerative colitis, though there are some concerns regarding the internal validity. The use of a sum score was not supported and the questionnaire may benefit from a redivision of items into dimensions with better homogeneity and discriminative validity. 
Relations of the carotenoids lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum to photographic evidence of early and late age-related maculopathy (ARM) among persons over age 40 years (n = 8,222) were examined. Inverse relations of these carotenoids in the diet or serum to any form of ARM were not observed overall. There was a direct relation of dietary levels to one type of early ARM (soft drusen). However, relations differed by age and race. In the youngest age groups who were at risk for developing early (ages 40-59 years) or late (ages 60-79 years) ARM, higher levels of lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet were related to lower odds for pigmentary abnormalities, one sign of early ARM (odds ratio among persons in high vs. low quintiles = 0.1, 95 percent confidence interval: 0.1, 0.3) and of late ARM (odds ratio = 0.1, 95 percent confidence interval: 0.0, 0.9) after adjustment for age, gender, alcohol use, hypertension, smoking, and body mass index. Relations of these carotenoids to ARM may be influenced by age and race and require further evaluation in separate populations and in prospective studies.
Although several self-administered dietary assessment questionnaires have been developed for Japanese subjects, they have seldom been validated with objective measures. We validated a recently developed self-administered diet history questionnaire (DHQ) with fatty acids in serum phospholipid fractions, alpha- and beta-carotenes and alpha-tocopherol in serum as a gold standard using 86 university workers (42 men and 44 women, age-range=24-67 y). The age-adjusted Pearson partial correlation coefficients between the intakes of marine origin n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (crude values, energy-adjusted values by residual method, energy density, and fat density) and the serum phospholipid concentrations (percentage of total fatty acids) were 0.49, 0.51, 0.52, 0.48, and 0.58, 0.69. 0.66, 0.69 in men and women respectively. The correlation coefficients between intakes (microg/d) and the corresponding serum concentrations (micromol/L) were 0.43 and 0.40 in men and 0.42 and 0.60 in women for alpha- and beta-carotene respectively. It was -0.23 in men and -0.22 in women for alpha-tocopherol. The intakes of major foods (g/d) of marine origin n-3 PUFA, alpha- and beta-carotenes showed a relatively high level of correlation with the corresponding serum concentrations, whereas the level was generally lower than those observed in the analysis with the nutrient intakes. The results suggest that DHQ ranks individual adequately for marine origin n-3 PUFA, alpha- and beta-carotene intakes.
BACKGROUND: Compensatory RBC production during repeated preoperative autologous blood donation (PABD) shows marked interindividual variability. This study was performed to reveal variables that might be useful to predict the amount of the erythropoietic response to PABD in an individual patient who was not iron deficient. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: In a retrospective study, 104 adult patients, 48 women and 56 men (mean age, 59.9 years; range, 18-82 years) who donated 3 units (450 mL) of autologous blood at weekly intervals for major surgery were investigated. Blood counts, ferritin, and net preoperative RBC production (net RBC production) were determined in all patients, and soluble transferrin receptor and endogenous levels of EPO, SCF, and IL-1beta were measured in 63 patients. Multiple linear regression analysis was used to determine whether the variance of net RBC production was attributable to baseline values of these variables. RESULTS: Net RBC production was not different in patients who received oral iron and patients who did not (384 +/- 222 mL vs. 356 +/- 158 mL). In both groups, the same two variables consistently showed a significant relationship to net RBC production: the length of the period between the third donation and the last visit was positively related (p = 0.00001 vs. p = 0.0002) and the Hct at baseline was negatively related (p = 0.0002 vs. p = 0.02) with net RBC production. The proportion of variance in net RBC production that was attributable to these two variables was 48.1 percent (r(2) = 0.481) and 34.9 percent (r(2) = 0.349), respectively. CONCLUSION: RBC production after PABD increases with increasing interval from last donation to surgery. This suggests that the interval from last donation to surgery should be maximized. This can be achieved by organizational measures in combination with the preparation of RBC concentrates in additive solution with a maximum shelf life. 
The purpose of this study was to examine the relation of leptin to metabolic and dietary factors in college-age adults. Young adult women and men (n = 32) were recruited and underwent testing for measurement of body mass index, body composition, peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak), dietary intake, and plasma levels of leptin and insulin. Ln leptin was significantly greater for women than for men (2.1 versus 1.2 ng/mL, respectively). This difference remained significant even after adjusting ln leptin for fat mass and fat-free mass as covariates in separate analyses. VO2peak was higher for men than for women and this remained significant after adjustment for differences in fat-free mass and total body mass. Significant correlations were found between ln leptin and indicators of fat mass in women and men, with higher correlations for similar variables observed in men (r = 0.548, 0.674, and 0.732 for body mass index, percentage of body fat, and fat mass [kg] for women, respectively, and r = 0.740, 0.888, 0.858 for body mass index, percentage of body fat, and fat mass [kg] for men, respectively). Ln leptin showed a significant inverse relationship with VO2peak (r = -0.751) in men only. After adjusting ln leptin for body fat mass using partial correlations, ln leptin was not significantly associated with any of the measured variables. Alternatively, after normalization of ln leptin using fat mass as the divisor, a less adequate statistical analysis method, men showed statistical significant correlations between ln leptin and dietary intake and VO2peak. Although plasma leptin values were higher in women, stronger associations were evident for men than for women between leptin and metabolic and dietary factors.
OBJECTIVE: Leptin, the product of the obesity (ob) gene, is a multi-functional polypeptide that is important in energy metabolism, which is strongly correlated with body fat mass and body mass index (BMI). In a recent prospective study, we found that leptin was positively associated with 4 y weight gain among overweight and obese men. This suggests that leptin resistance, marked by hyperleptinemia among obese subjects, may be an important marker for weight gain. The purpose of this study is to evaluate whether modifiable dietary and lifestyle factors are associated with plasma leptin concentrations among US men. METHODS: We included 268 men aged 47--83 y (who were free of cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus and cancer, except nonmelanoma skin cancer) from the ongoing Health Professionals Follow-up Study. These subjects completed a detailed dietary and lifestyle questionnaire (including cigarette smoking, alcohol drinking and physical activity) and provided a fasting venous blood sample in 1994. All blood samples were stored in a deep freeze (-70 degrees C) for 4--5 y before being analyzed. Plasma leptin concentrations were measured by radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: Men in the highest quintile of plasma leptin (mean=14.4 ng/ml) weighed more, were less physically active, and had higher total and saturated fat and cholesterol intake than men in the lowest quintile (mean=3.0 ng/ml). Physical activity and current smoking were inversely associated with plasma leptin concentrations (P<0.001). A 20 MET difference in physical activity per week (equivalent to approximately 3 h of jogging) was associated with 0.38--0.58 ng/ml lower plasma leptin concentrations for normal weight and overweight men after adjusting for total energy and fat intake, BMI and other confounding variables. Total fat and monounsaturated fat intakes were positively associated with plasma leptin concentrations even after adjusting for BMI and other confounding variables; however, this association was limited to men of normal weight (BMI<25 kg/m(2)). CONCLUSION: These data suggest that physical activity may be a significant determinant of plasma leptin concentrations in men. Increasing physical activity is associated with lower plasma leptin concentrations even after adjusting for BMI. Physical activity may lower leptin concentrations not only due to decreased body fat mass, but potentially through an increase in leptin sensitivity. International Journal of Obesity (2001) 25, 106-114 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure (PAHs: (benz[a]anthracene, benzo[a]pyrene, dibenz[a,h]anthracene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, benzo[k]fluoranthene, indeno[1,2,3-cd]-pyrene, fluoranthene, chrysene, pyrene) of policemen on street duty in downtown Budapest and workers repairing the road (asphalting) at a traffic junction and their excretion of PAH metabolites (1-hydroxypyrene, 3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene, and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) were determined. As controls, health-care workers were investigated. In addition PAH pollution of the air of a factory processing asphalt was also measured. The measurements were performed on air samples gained using personal samplers and from urine of end-shift samples using a high-performance liquid chromatography method. It was found that PAH pollution of the most crowded and busy center of Budapest was similar to that of several other cities in the world. PAH exposure of road builders was actually not higher than that of policemen; the slight difference resulted from diverging life-styles. PAH metabolite excretion of smoking health-care workers, road builders, or policemen significantly exceeded that of the nonsmokers. The PAH metabolite values of the three groups engaged in various activities did not show any difference. It was concluded that cancer-related risk due to PAH compounds in the case of policemen on street duty and road builders (asphalting) does not exceed significantly that of workers not exposed occupationally to PAHs in the ambient air, but that smoking is a decisive factor.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies of associations between diet, obesity, and blood concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene have been equivocal. Furthermore, most studies used only body mass index (BMI) as an obesity measure. OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to examine the associations between energy and nutrient intakes, alcohol consumption, tobacco use, and serum cholesterol and serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene, and to examine the associations between different measures of general and central adiposity and serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional, population-based study of 253 men and 276 women aged 46-67 y. Nutrient data were collected by a modified diet history method. Measures of obesity included BMI, percentage of body fat (impedance analysis), waist-to-hip ratio, and waist circumference. The associations between serum nutrient concentrations and the other factors were examined by multiple linear regression. RESULTS: Twenty-one percent of men and 34% of women used antioxidant supplements. The mean BMI was 26.1 in men and 25.4 in women. Serum beta-carotene concentration was positively associated with serum cholesterol concentration, fiber intake, and beta-carotene intake, and negatively associated with smoking and all measures of obesity. In men, serum beta-carotene concentration was not significantly associated with central adiposity after adjustment for body fat. Serum alpha-tocopherol concentration was positively correlated with serum cholesterol, obesity, and vitamin E intake. In women, serum alpha-tocopherol concentration was also positively associated with intakes of ascorbic acid and selenium. Serum alpha-tocopherol concentration was associated with central adiposity after adjustment for body fat. CONCLUSION: Serum beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol concentrations have different associations with diet, smoking, general adiposity, and central adiposity. 
BACKGROUND: Our understanding of the role of nutrients in bone development in children is limited. OBJECTIVE: We examined the associations between urinary potassium, urinary sodium, usual dietary intake, and bone mineral density (BMD) in prepubertal children. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of 330 boys and girls aged 8 y. Urinary measures were assessed in a single, timed, overnight urine specimen. Usual diet was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire completed by a parent or guardian. BMD at the femoral neck, lumbar spine, and total body was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: Urinary potassium correlated significantly with BMD at all sites (femoral neck: r = 0.20, P < 0.001; lumbar spine: r = 0.19, P = 0.001; total body: r = 0.24, P < 0.001). After adjustment for confounders (primarily lean body mass), this association was lower in magnitude but remained significant at 2 sites with a consistent trend at the third (femoral neck: P = 0.15; lumbar spine: P = 0.046; total body: P = 0.028). Urinary sodium was not associated with BMD at any site. No nutrient or food intake estimate was associated with BMD, although urinary potassium correlated significantly with potassium intake (r = 0.14, P = 0.016) and fruit and vegetable intake (r = 0.12, P = 0.033). CONCLUSIONS: Urinary potassium was associated with both dietary intake and BMD independent of lean body mass in these well-nourished, calcium-replete young children. These findings should be confirmed in further longitudinal studies. Nevertheless, this association is likely to represent dietary intake of potassium and suggests that measurement of urinary potassium is superior to food-frequency questionnaires for assessing potassium intake in this age group. 
We assessed the reproducibility of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) reverse transcriptase (RT) and protease sequencing using cryopreserved plasma aliquots obtained from 46 heavily treated HIV-1-infected individuals in two laboratories using dideoxynucleotide sequencing. The rates of complete sequence concordance between the two laboratories were 99.1% for the protease sequence and 99.0% for the RT sequence. Approximately 90% of the discordances were partial, defined as one laboratory detecting a mixture and the second laboratory detecting only one of the mixture's components. Only 0.1% of the nucleotides were completely discordant between the two laboratories, and these were significantly more likely to occur in plasma samples with lower plasma HIV-1 RNA levels. Nucleotide mixtures were detected at approximately 1% of the nucleotide positions, and in every case in which one laboratory detected a mixture, the second laboratory either detected the same mixture or detected one of the mixture's components. The high rate of concordance in detecting mixtures and the fact that most discordances between the two laboratories were partial suggest that most discordances were caused by variation in sampling of the HIV-1 quasispecies by PCR rather than by technical errors in the sequencing process itself.
The chronic effects of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on ovary development, total hepatic lipids and plasma sex- and corticosteroid levels in female flounder (Platichthys flesus) were examined. Sexually mature feral female flounder were exposed via the diet to phenanthrene (0.5, 2.5 or 12.5 nmol/g food) or chrysene (0.4 nmol/g food) for 12 weeks, during the previtellogenic phase of the annual reproductive cycle. PAH exposure did not directly affect germ cell development since no structural and/or developmental differences were observed between control and exposed fish. On the contrary, all treatments resulted in altered plasma steroid levels. The most pronounced effect was the significant decrease in plasma 17 beta-estradiol to 19 +/- 11%, 27 +/- 7%, 63 +/- 20% and 61 +/- 12% in relation to control fish, respectively, in flounders exposed to 12.5, 2.5 or 0.5 nmol phenanthrene/g food and 0.4 nmol chrysene/g food. Impaired ovarian growth was not observed, most likely because experiments were ended before the period of vitellogenesis, even though a non-significant general decline in total hepatic lipids could be observed. Moreover, all exposed flounders, except fish fed with the highest amount of phenanthrene, showed a negative correlation between plasma 17 beta-estradiol and 17 alpha-hydroxyprogesterone levels (r = -0.46). One possible explanation is that PAH action may be mediated by a specific inhibition of steroidogenic enzymes. These findings provide evidence that selected PAHs are antiestrogenic xenobiotics with the capability to impair female teleost reproductive function.
The development of in vitro methods for the identification of skin sensitizers based upon analysis of Langerhans cell (LC) function has been constrained by the fact that these cells represent only a minority population in the skin that, once isolated, alter their phenotype spontaneously and rapidly. Methods have been developed recently that allow the expansion in culture using appropriate cytokine conditions of LC-like dendritic cells (DCs) from certain tissues, including human peripheral blood. It has been demonstrated that culture of human blood-derived LC-like cells with selected potent contact allergens such as 2,4-dinitrofluorobenzene (DNFB) stimulates selective phenotypic changes, including the up-regulation of interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) mRNA expression, under conditions where skin irritants are without effect. However, in our own previous investigations, we have observed that there appear to be differences between blood donors with respect to the responsiveness of DCs to DNFB-induced changes in IL-1 beta expression, differences that could compromise the utility of this approach as a screening method for contact allergens. We have therefore investigated donor variability in DC responsiveness to a panel of known human contact allergens (DNFB; paraphenylene diamine, PPD; methyl- chloroisothiazolinone/methylisothiazolinone, CMIT), to the skin irritant benzalkonium chloride and to the mitogen phorbol myristate acetate (PMA). Dendritic cells derived from all donors expressed IL-1 beta mRNA constitutively. Treatment of DCs isolated from donors with a responder phenotype to DNFB with PPD or CMIT resulted also in up-regulation of IL-1 beta mRNA expression, although such changes were always comparatively modest, generally resulting in a twofold induction compared with vehicle-treated controls. Dendritic cells derived from donors with a non-responder phenotype to DNFB failed also to respond to these additional contact allergens under conditions where the mitogen PMA caused similar increases in IL-1 beta expression to those observed for allergen-responsive donors. Benzalkonium chloride failed to provoke changes in the expression of this cytokine in any donor examined, irrespective of their responder phenotype. The temporal stability of the responder/non-responder DC phenotype was confirmed, with stable phenotypes with respect to DNFB-induced changes in IL-1 beta mRNA expression observed over a period of some 18 months. Fifty per cent (6/12) of donors tested over this period displayed a responder phenotype. These data demonstrate that chemical allergens do stimulate consistent changes in IL-1 beta mRNA expression in the proportion of donors who have a responsive phenotype, and that such responses are apparently selective for allergen using the relatively narrow range of materials assessed to date. However, the modest response to very strong contact allergens, coupled with the difficulties of responder/non-responder phenotypes, means that in its present form this approach does not lend itself to the routine assessment of skin sensitizing activity.
Urine analysis is affected significantly by biological variability. The objective of this study was to study the feasibility of reducing the biological variability of excretion of various analytes in urine, especially albumin in children with diabetes, by mixing small volumes of early morning samples. Twenty-two male children with type 1 diabetes collected early morning aliquots of approximately 10 ml of urine on 3 consecutive days and kept them refrigerated in sealed containers. The urine collection was repeated every 4-6 months in the diabetic children. Ten normal children and 10 normal adults participated as controls. The specimens were analyzed individually and as mixed samples for each subject. Mixing the 3 urine samples before analysis decreased the biological variability of all urine assays (albumin, glucose, creatinine, total protein, potassium). The diabetic children had 3 times higher variability of urine albumin (as a ratio to creatinine) compared to normal children, when the urine samples were collected individually (61% vs 19%, respectively). The variability in the diabetic children decreased when the 3 specimens were analyzed as a single sample after mixing, especially when urine albumin was expressed as a ratio to creatinine. Blood glycated hemoglobin levels correlated better with urine glucose levels when 3 urine samples were mixed before analysis.
BACKGROUND: From 1978 to 1979, a group of people in Taiwan were exposed to high levels of heat-degraded polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) owing to accidental ingestion of contaminated rice oil. Children born to mothers following the exposure ('Yucheng' children) were known to have hyperpigmented skin and other dysmorphology after birth. AIMS: To determine the effect of prenatal exposure to PCBs on cognitive development in Yucheng children. METHOD: One hundred and eighteen Yucheng children prenatally exposed to PCBs and degradation products, and community-matched control children who were exposed to background levels only, were followed from 1985 to 1998. The Bayley Scale for Infant Development, Chinese version of the Stanford-Binet IQ Test, Raven's Coloured Progressive Matrices and Raven's Standardised Progressive Matrices were used to assess the cognitive development of these children. RESULTS: The Yucheng children scored lower than control children on each of these methods of measurement between the ages of 2 and 12 years. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal exposure to PCBs and their derivatives has long-term adverse effects on cognitive development in humans. 
OBJECTIVE: To apply structural equation modelling (SEM) and estimation of variance components to the relative validation data obtained from the quantitative food frequency questionnaire (QFFQ) used in the Transition, Health and Urbanisation in South Africa (THUSA) study. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. SETTING: A community-based field study in an African population conducted during 1996. SUBJECTS: Residents of the North West Province, South Africa, aged between 15 and 65 years. METHODS: Relative validity of the QFFQ was tested against 7-day weighed food records, 24-hour urinary nitrogen (UN) excretion and estimated basal metabolic rate (BMR). SEM and estimation of variance components were applied to the log-transformed energy, protein, fat, calcium, iron, vitamin A and vitamin C intakes. UN excretion was used as a biomarker in the application of the SEM to protein and estimated BMR to energy intakes. RESULTS: Constant bias (alphaQ) derived by the SEM varied from 0.85 (vitamin C) to 5.8 (energy). There was significant proportional bias for all nutrients except vitamin C. Validation coefficients (ro(Q,T) varied from 0.3 (fat, calcium, iron) to 0.7 (vitamin C). The inclusion of estimated BMR in the SEM for energy increased ro(Q, T) from 0.38 to 0.42. The estimation of variance components gave slightly lower correlations for the relationship between intakes from the QFFQ and the unknown true intake. CONCLUSIONS: Robust statistical methods were successfully applied in a relative validation study for a QFFQ in an African population. Estimated BMR as a biomarker for energy intake produced more meaningful results than UN excretion as a biomarker for protein intake. 
In a meta-analysis of randomized trials of the effects of dietary sodium interventions on blood pressure, we found substantial heterogeneity among the studies. We were interested in evaluating whether measurement error, known to be a problem for dietary sodium measures, publication bias, or confounding factors could be responsible for the heterogeneity. A measurement error correction was developed that corrects both the slope and the intercept and takes into account the sample size of each study and the number of measurements taken on an individual. The measurement error correction had a minimal effect on the estimates, although it performed well in simulated data. A smoothed scatter plot was used to assess publication bias. Metaregressions provide a convenient way to jointly assess the effects of several factors, but care must be taken to fit an appropriate model.
INTRODUCTION: Peripheral blood pressure measurements play a prominent role in the diagnosis and follow-up of patients with peripheral vascular diseases. Toe pressure of the hallux (TP1) and second toe (TP2) and transcutaneous oxygen pressure (TCPO2) measurements are becoming more important. The ankle/brachial pressure index (ABPI) is known to be a reliable parameter, but the toe pressure and TCPO2 are evaluated less thoroughly. Therefore, we evaluated the reproducibility of TP1, TP2, TCPO2, ABPI, ankle pressure (AP), and brachial pressure (BP). PATIENTS AND METHODS: In 54 patients with various stages of peripheral vascular disease, the intraobserver and interobserver reproducibility of BP, AP, ABPI, TP1, TP2, and TCPO2 was investigated by calculating the repeatability coefficient (RC) and the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) and by using Bland-Altman plots. RESULTS: The intraobserver and interobserver reproducibility at 1 day and after 1 week of BP, AP, ABPI, and TP1 was substantial and comparable (ICC range, 0.80-0.99), except for the BP after 1 week. The TP2 and TCPO2 were less reproducible (ICC range, 0.62-0.98). The interobserver RC of BP was 31 mm Hg; of AP, 44 mm Hg; of ABPI, 27%; of TP1, 41 mm Hg; of TP2, 67 mm Hg; and of TCPO2; 30 mm Hg. The difference plot showed that the observer variability was equally distributed across the range of pressure in all measurements. CONCLUSION: The BP, AP, ABPI, and TP1 have a substantial intraobserver and interobserver reproducibility, whereas TP2 and TCPO2 show worse reproducibility. Especially when low values (or values around a cutoff value) are measured, the RC should be taken into account, and repetition of the measurement is advocated. 
The relationship between alcohol consumption, blood pressure and left ventricular mass remains uncertain. A detailed alcohol intake history, clinic blood pressure measurements, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure recordings and measurements of left ventricular mass using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were performed in 98 males aged 47.9 +/- 9.7 years, 20 of whom were receiving antihypertensive monotherapy. Alcohol consumption (median intake 315 g/week, range 0-2050) was significantly related to supine systolic clinic blood pressures (beta = 0.20, p = 0.05) but not to clinic supine diastolic blood pressures (beta = 0.12, p = 0.25), 24-h blood pressures (systolic: beta = -0.03, p = 0.75; diastolic beta = -0.05, p = 0.60), awake blood pressures or sleeping blood pressures. Alcohol consumption was not related to left ventricular mass index (beta = -0.05, p = 0.59). Left ventricular mass was strongly related to mean 24-h systolic blood pressures (beta = 0.28, p = 0.01), mean awake and sleeping systolic blood pressures, and less strongly to clinic systolic blood pressures (beta = 0.23, p = 0.03). These results were not significantly altered by adjusting for age, smoking, body mass index or alcohol intake, or by excluding the 20 men who were receiving antihypertensive therapy. The results of this study suggest that alcohol consumption at levels commonly encountered in the community is not an important predictor of left ventricular mass index in men, either via direct effects or by indirect effects on blood pressure.
1. This study investigated the effects of supplementary dietary L-carnitine on the performance, serum components, carcase traits and specific activities of hepatic enzymes related to beta-oxidation of fatty acids in broiler chickens. One hundred and eighty 1-d-old broilers were divided into 2 groups, each with 3 replicates, and given diets supplemented with 0 and 160 mg L-carnitine/kg for 6 weeks. 2. Experimental results indicated that supplementary carnitine did not significantly influence the performance and carcase characteristics of the broilers. 3. The serum triacylglycerol (TG) and nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations in the carnitine supplemented group were significantly lower than that in the control group (P < 0.05). However, the effect on serum cholesterol, phospholipids concentrations and lipoprotein profiles were not significant (P > 0.05). 4. Carnitine palmitoyl transferase activity in the carnitine-supplemented group was significantly (P < 0.05) higher than in the control; however, carnitine supplementation did not significantly affect the activities of other fatty acid beta-oxidation enzymes. 5. The results in this study demonstrated that supplementary carnitine facilitated fatty acid transportation and did not influence the performance or carcase characteristics of broilers.
Under-reporting of alcohol intake has been frequently reported. However, due to the lack of an objective reference method, e.g. a biomarker, information about the extent of under-reporting of alcohol intake obtained with dietary assessment instruments is not available. The objective of this study was to compare reported alcohol intake data derived from a 24 h recall with a biomarker of recent alcohol intake, the urinary excretion of 5-hydroxytryptophol (5-HTOL):5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid (5-HIAA). Embedded into the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam Study, Germany, a validation study that collected 24 h recall data and 24 h urine samples was conducted. Cohort study participants (n 107) volunteered to participate in this validation study. Among them were five subjects who reported no consumption of alcoholic beverages but had a 5-HTOL:5-HIAA ratio that indicated recent alcohol intake when the clinical cut-off point was taken as a judging criterion. After exclusion of these under-reporters, the Pearson's correlation coefficient between reported alcohol intake and the 5-HTOL:5-HIAA ratio was 0.92 (P<0.0001). Except for low alcohol intake of <0.1 g/kg body mass, a significant increase in 5-HTOL:5-HIAA excretion was observed with increasing amounts of alcohol intake. In conclusion, the 5-HTOL:5-HIAA excretion ratio appears to be a valuable quantitative biomarker of recent alcohol consumption. Denial of alcohol intake can be detected, but for the quantification of under-reporting of alcohol intake 24 h reference data are not yet available. With these data at hand, however, 5-HTOL:5-HIAA could become a biomarker for validation purposes in nutritional epidemiology.
Curcumin prevents colon cancer in rodent models. It inhibits lipid peroxidation and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression and induces glutathione S-transferase (GST) enzymes. We tested the hypothesis that 14 days of dietary curcumin (2%) affects biomarkers relevant to cancer chemoprevention in the rat. Levels of inducible COX-2, as reflected by prostaglandin E(2) production by blood leukocytes, were measured ex vivo. Total GST activity and adducts of malondialdehyde with DNA (M(1)G), which reflect endogenous lipid peroxidation, were measured in colon mucosa, liver, and blood leukocytes. Curcumin and its metabolites were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography in plasma, and its pharmacokinetics were compared following a diet containing 2% curcumin versus intragastric (i.g.) administration of curcumin suspended in an amphiphilic solvent. The curcumin diet did not alter any of the markers in the blood but increased hepatic GST by 16% and decreased colon M(1)G levels by 36% when compared with controls. Administration of carbon tetrachloride during the treatment period increased colon M(1)G levels, and this increase was prevented by dietary curcumin. Dietary curcumin yielded low drug levels in the plasma, between 0 and 12 nM, whereas tissue concentrations of curcumin in liver and colon mucosa were 0.1--0.9 nmol/g and 0.2--1.8 micromol/g, respectively. In comparison with dietary administration, suspended curcumin given i.g. resulted in more curcumin in the plasma but much less in the colon mucosa. The results show that curcumin mixed with the diet achieves drug levels in the colon and liver sufficient to explain the pharmacological activities observed and suggest that this mode of administration may be preferable for the chemoprevention of colon cancer.
Ten cattle were treated with daily doses of five PCDD/F congeners, over a 4 week period. Four control animals were not treated. They were subsequently slaughtered as three groups, at 5, 18 and 31 weeks after the first dose. All congeners showed an increase in concentration within animal tissues when sampled at 5 weeks post-dosing. Concentrations had reduced after 18 weeks and there was a further small reduction after 31 weeks. Halflives for each congener were calculated at 13-21 weeks (93-148 days). Concentrations of congeners were different in the various tissues analysed. At 5 weeks after dosing commenced, concentrations in sub-cutaneous fat and in perirenal fat were close to 40 ng/kg (a predicted level based on 50% absorption of the dosed compounds). Concentrations on a fat basis in muscle tissue and liver were, however, about 5 and 10 times higher, respectively. The concentrations found in muscle tissue and liver samples taken at 18 and 31 weeks were approximately twice that found in fat deposits, thus the differences were still apparent, but at a reduced level. It is possible that the distribution phase was incomplete and that PCDD/Fs remained predominantly in association with circulating blood lipids rather than in equilibrium with depot fat. It follows that if livestock were recently exposed to PCDD/Fs (for example, through the consumption of contaminated feed), the analysis of depot fats would not necessarily provide a reliable indicator of the concentrations of PCDD/Fs in edible tissues.
In a cross-sectional study of 115 premenopausal non-smoking women, we examined the relationship between lymphocyte levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodGuo) and habitual alcohol consumption. The study was conducted in four different regions of Europe, including Potsdam (Germany), Turin (Italy), Malm (Sweden) and Granada (Spain). Mean 8-oxodGuo levels differed significantly across study centres (P = 0.001), with the highest levels in Granada [2.17 8-oxodGuox10(-6) 2'-deoxyguanosine (95% confidence interval 1.27-4.40)] and lowest levels in Turin [1.19 (0.36-4.29)]. Mean levels of total alcohol intake and of types of alcoholic beverages consumed (wine, fortified wines, beer and cider) also differed across the study centres (P < 0.05), with the highest total alcohol consumption in Turin, and the lowest intake in GRANADA: When combining all the data, but adjusting for study centre, individual 8-oxodGuo level correlated inversely with alcohol intake. This inverse association remained unaltered after further adjustment for Quetelet Index, fruit and vegetable consumption, and plasma carotenoid levels. Furthermore, the inverse association was also observed for each of the study centres separately, and for different beverage types, with the exception of Granada, where the majority of women were non-drinkers and where alcohol intakes were also very low for the consumers. Finally, on a group level, mean levels of 8-oxodGuo and alcohol intake were also inversely associated between the four study centres. The finding of a relationship between alcohol consumption and 8-oxodGuo in lymphocytes was unexpected and not based on a prior hypothesis. This finding consequently requires confirmation from a randomized intervention study.
PCB levels in blood of common terns (Sterna hirundo) from Terneuzen, a breeding colony in The Netherlands with relatively low breeding success, were significantly higher than in birds from two Dutch reference colonies, one nearby (Oesterdam) and one further away (the Isle of Griend). However, a detailed analysis of the patterns of PCB congeners in birds from the different colonies indicated that birds from Terneuzen and to a lesser extent birds from the Oesterdam showed Ah-receptor mediated activity of P450 iso-enzymes. It is concluded that the induction of this enzyme activity in Terneuzen may be related to PCBs as well as other non-identified compounds. In contrast to this, it is likely that at the Oesterdam non-identified compounds are mainly responsible for the enzyme activity, resulting in a shift of PCB congener patterns.
In 1989, the level of Aroclor 1254 (a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls with 42 percent chlorine by weight) in fish collected from a recreational pond in Toledo, Ohio, was reported to be 44.4 milligrams per kilogram (mg/kg), prompting local health officials to declare a "no fishing advisory" for the pond. A second study conducted in 1990 did not identify elevated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in fish tissue. In other words, the two studies gave conflicting results. The purpose of this study was to determine the level of Aroclor in fish tissues and then evaluate whether consumption of fish from the pond would pose a serious health risk. Fish samples collected on several occasions in 1998 and 1999 were filleted, and tissues were analyzed, as composite or individual samples, with gas chromatography. The levels of Aroclor 1254 ranged from 0.2 mg/kg in white crappies to 1.0 mg/kg in carp. These levels, while far less than the level reported in 1989, nevertheless were greater than 0.05 mg/kg, which is the maximum level established by the Great Lakes Fish Advisory Task Force for "no restriction in fish consumption." Levels of other Aroclor formulations ranged from less than the 0.02 mg/kg (the minimum detectable limit) to 0.1 mg/kg. Given current knowledge about the potential health consequence of exposure to PCBs and the results of this study, the authors have recommended that local health officials develop a new fish consumption guideline for PCBs. Any decisions about maintaining or lifting the restrictions on the pond, however, should be based on additional studies that determine the levels of other chemicals that are present in the pond and deemed hazardous to human health.
Few self-assessment cancer-specific questionnaires/modules have yet been developed for radiotherapy-induced side effects. The aim of the present study was to test the reliability and responsiveness of a prostate cancer (PC)-specific questionnaire. Thirty-one patients with PC graded their urinary and intestinal symptoms and their sexual function on the questionnaire. A doctor and a nurse performed a structured interview and graded the patient's symptoms with the same questions. The procedure was performed at both the start and the end of the treatment. A high concordance regarding symptom detection was seen between the patient, nurse and the doctor. The inter-rater test shows intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) values above 0.60 in all scales. The internal reliability exceeded the lower limit (Cronbach a >0.70) for all scales. The test-retest gave acceptable reliability for all scales (ICC > or = 0.60). All scales indicated increased problems during radiotherapy. The questionnaire was proven to be valid for the evaluations of urinary and intestinal problems and for sexual function in PC patients.
We describe a synthetic strategy for the preparation of oligonucleotides using N(2)-alkylated and O(6)-allyl protected deoxyguanosine phosphoramidite building blocks derived from cis- and trans-opened (+/-)-7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9alpha,10alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene and (+/-)-7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9beta,10beta-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene and from trans-opened (+/-)-3alpha,4beta-dihydroxy-1alpha,2alpha-epoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrobenzo[c]phenanthrene. The appropriately blocked phosphoramidite building blocks were obtained as mixtures of the cis- and trans-opened diol epoxide adducts upon initial reaction of the diol epoxides with O(6)-allyl-3',5'-di-O-(tert-butyldimethylsilyl)-2'-deoxyguanosine. Key to the present approach is the removal of the O(6)-allyl protecting group utilizing a palladium catalyst prior to release of the constructed oligonucleotide with ammonia from the solid support. The methodology described enables a very convenient access to oligonucleotides containing cis- and trans-N(2)-deoxyguanosine adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in different sequence contexts.
Immunoaffinity chromatography (IAC) for the purification of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans (PCDD/Fs) from biological samples was explored as a means to simplify the cleanup procedure and thereby decrease the time and cost of dioxin analysis. A monoclonal antibody (DD3) was used to produce IAC columns and to isolate the PCDD/Fs from serum. Native and 13C-labeled PCDD/Fs were spiked at the ppq to ppt range into serum. Quantitation of the PCDD/Fs was performed by a standard dioxin analytical method, i.e. high-resolution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS), which was easily compatible with IAC. Five of the most toxic PCDD/Fs consistently showed acceptable recoveries (>25%) and were reliably quantitated. The congeners specifically recovered by this method represent almost 80% of the toxic equivalency of dioxins and furans present in the serum samples. Dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were not recognized by this antibody column. Compared to conventional dioxin cleanup methods, IAC decreased solvent usage by 1.5 l/sample and took only 2 h to process a sample for analysis.
BACKGROUND: The increased consumption of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has been shown to coincide with the increased prevalence of atopic diseases. We aimed to investigate whether maternal diet and atopic status influence the PUFA composition of breast milk and the serum lipid fatty acids of infants. METHODS: Maternal diet was assessed by a food questionnaire. The PUFA composition of breast milk obtained at 3 months from 20 allergic and 20 healthy mothers and of their infants' (10 atopic and 10 nonatopic/group of mothers) serum lipids was analyzed. RESULTS: Although no differences in maternal PUFA intake were observed, the breast milk of allergic mothers contained less gamma-linolenic acid (18:3 n-6) than that of healthy mothers. Similarly, atopic infants had less gamma-linolenic acid in phospholipids than healthy infants, although n-6 PUFA were elevated in other serum lipid fractions in atopic infants. The serum lipid fatty acids in atopic infants did not correlate with those in maternal breast milk. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that dietary n-6 PUFA are not as readily transferred into breast milk or incorporated into serum phospholipids, but may be utilized for other purposes, such as eicosanoid precursors, in allergic/atopic individuals. Subsequently, high dietary proportions of n-6 PUFA, or reduced proportions of regulatory PUFA, such as gamma-linolenic acid and n-3 PUFA, may be a risk factor for the development of atopic disease. 
The identification of host factors that are predictors of changes in serum polyhalogenated biphenyl contaminants over time has been a difficult challenge in epidemiologic studies of exposed individuals. Of particular concern are age at exposure, reproductive and lactational histories, and changes in body mass index. Using both cross-sectional and longitudinal approaches, this study examined factors related to high initial serum PBB and PCB levels and changes in these levels over time among women of varying ages at exposure (n=1772; age range<1 to 45 years). In 1973, PBB exposure occurred through consumption of farm products contaminated with PBB added to cattle feed. Exposures to PCBs began in 1941 through PCB-contaminated silo sealant deteriorating into animal feed. The Michigan Department of Public Health began enrolling participants in 1977 and has continued to follow them through annual updates. At enrollment, questionnaires were administered to obtain demographic, lifestyle, and anthropometric measurements, medical/reproductive and occupational histories, and contaminated food consumption patterns. Blood samples were collected for PBB and PCB analysis at enrollment for all participants; additional serum tests were done on a subset of the population during follow-up. Median serum levels at enrollment were 2.0 ppb PBB and 5.0 ppb PCB. A decline in serum PBB level over an interval that ranged from 1 to 146 months (median=31) was observed for 44.6% of the women (median=1.0 ppb), while 12.2% showed an increase (median=1.0 ppb). PCB levels declined in 50.3% of the women (median=3.0 ppb) while 12.2% increased (median=2.0 ppb). Relative to women whose contaminant levels were stable, higher initial serum level was a predictor of decline for both PBB and PCB (OR=1.66, 95% CI 1.52-1.82; OR=3.26, 95% CI 2.58-4.12, respectively); a yearly increase in interval between tests was related to declining PCBs (OR=1.65, 95% CI 1.46-1.87). In addition, age< or =10 years at exposure (OR=1.72, 95% CI 1.03-2.86) and residence on a quarantined farm (OR=1.40, 95- CI 1.03-1.90) were predictors of a decrease in PBBs. Factors related to an increase in PBB levels were age< or =10 years at exposure (OR=0.30, 95% CI 0.10-0.96) and initial PBB level (OR=1.24, 95% CI 1.15-1.33); and for PCBs, high initial level (OR=1.34, 95% CI 1.17-1.53) and body mass index (OR=1.07, 95% CI 1.01-1.13). One or more live births during the interval between tests were not related to changing levels of either contaminant; breastfeeding data were not available for examination. Early age at exposure appears to be an important predictor of changes in serum PBB levels over time.
Capillary liquid chromatography/microelectrospray-mass spectrometry (capillary LC/muESI-MS) was used to quantify DNA adducts of the heterocyclic aromatic amine 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) in livers of male Fischer-344 rats. Animals received a single oral dose of either 0.05, 0.50, 1.0, or 10 mg/kg IQ and were sacrificed 24 h following treatment. The major lesion identified at all doses was N-(deoxyguanosine-8-yl)-2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (dG-C8-IQ). The capillary LC/muESI-MS method provided the means for quantifying 17.5 fmol of dG-C8-IQ (2.0 adducts in 10(8) nucleosides) (S/N 10) in 300 microg of liver DNA with an intra- and interday precision of 3.5 and 6.6% (RSD), respectively. dG-C8-IQ was quantified with a mean intra- and interday accuracy of 105 +/- 26 and 106 +/- 28 (SD) based on back-calculated adduct masses from five standard curves analyzed over a four-week period. This is the first report on development of a capillary LC/muESI-MS method to quantify dG-C8-IQ adducts in liver DNA of rats following dosing with IQ at different levels. Furthermore, the ability to accurately and precisely quantify dG-C8-IQ at a level of 2.0 adducts in 10(8) nucleosides in vivo makes this method well suited for use in future studies relating carcinogen exposure to risk in humans.
The relationships of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) and their mathematical combination (gamma-CDT) with self-reported diseases were evaluated in a large cross-sectional risk factor survey. Significant gender effects were observed in associations of the markers with several medical conditions as well as with general health care utilization. In men, CDT was associated with rheumatoid arthritis. In both genders, GGT was positively associated with hypertension and diabetes. gamma-CDT was positively associated with hypertension in males and with asthma in females. This general population study demonstrates that these markers, although most commonly used to assess alcohol misuse, might also serve as health risk indicators.
Heterocyclic amines (HAs) formed in fried, broiled or grilled meats are potent mutagens that increase rates of colon, mammary, prostate and other cancers in bioassay rodents. Studies of how human dietary HA exposures may affect cancer risks have so far relied on fairly crudely defined HA-exposure categories. Recently, an integrated, quantitative approach to HA-exposure assessment (HAEA) was developed to estimate compound-specific intakes for particular individuals based on corresponding HA-concentration estimates that reflect their meat-type, intake-rate, cooking-method and meat-doneness preferences. This method was applied in the present study to U.S. national Continuing Survey of Food Intakes by Individuals (CSFII) data on meats consumed and cooking methods used by >25,000 people, after adjusting for underreported energy intake and conditional on meat-doneness preferences estimated from additional survey data. The U.S. population average lifetime time-weighted average of total HAs consumed was estimated to be approximately 9 ng/kg/day, with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) estimated to comprise about two thirds of this intake. Pan-fried meats were the largest source of HA in the diet and chicken the largest source of HAs among different meat types. Estimated total HA intakes by male vs. female children were generally similar, with those by (0- to 15-year-old) children approximately 25% greater than those by (16+-year-old) adults. Race-, age- and sex-specific mean HA intakes were estimated to be greatest for African American males, who were estimated to consume approximately 2- and approximately 3-fold more PhIP than white males at ages <16 and 30+ years, respectively, after considering a relatively greater preference for more well-done items among African Americans based on national survey data. This difference in PhIP intakes may at least partly explain why prostate cancer (PC) kills approximately 2-fold more African American than white men, in view of experimental data indicating that PhIP mutates prostate DNA and causes prostate tumors in rats.
OBJECTIVES: We sought to assess validity of the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire (IIQ) and the Urogenital Distress Inventory (UDI) (long and short forms) in incontinent women previously urodynamically undiagnosed. STUDY DESIGN: Post hoc analysis of responses to the IIQ and UDI questionnaires were obtained from a trial on a urethral device in community-dwelling incontinent women. Internal consistency and validity were evaluated against the 1-hour pad test. RESULTS: Internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha) for the long forms was high for the IIQ and moderately high for the UDI, good for the IIQ-short, but poor for the UDI-short. Correlations with 1h pad test were low and non-significant for both versions. Correlation of the short with the long forms was high. CONCLUSION: In the community-dwelling population, without a urodynamic diagnosis, neither long nor short versions of the questionnaires correlate with the severity of the urinary incontinence as shown by the pad test. The validity of the current questionnaires in women without urodynamic diagnosis is questionable. 
A gas chromatographic-mass spectrometric method was developed for the quantitative analysis of the three Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) metabolites, 2-ethylhexanoic acid, 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid in urine. After oximation with O-(2,3,4,5,6-pentafluorobenzyl)-hydroxylamine hydrochloride and sample clean-up with Chromosorb P filled glass tubes, all three organic acids were converted to their tert.-butyldimethylsilyl derivatives. Quantitation was done with trans-cinnamic acid as internal standard and GC-MS analysis in the selected ion monitoring mode (SIM). Calibration curves for all three acids in the range from 20 to 1,000 microg/l showed correlation coefficients from 0.9972 to 0.9986. The relative standard deviation (RSD) values determined in the observed concentration range were between 1.3 and 8.9% for all three acids. Here we report for the first time the identification of 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid in human urine next to the known DEHP metabolite 2-ethylhexanoic acid. In 28 urine samples from healthy persons we found all three acids with mean concentrations of 56.1 +/- 13.5 microg/l for 2-ethylhexanoic acid, 104.8 +/- 80.6 microg/l for 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 482.2 +/- 389.5 microg/l for 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid.
Green-lipped mussels, Perna viridis, were exposed to 0, 0.3, 3 and 30 micrograms l-1 (nominal concentrations) B[a]P under laboratory conditions over a period of 24 days. Mussels were collected on day 0, 1, 3, 6, 12, 18 and 24, and the levels of DNA adducts and DNA strand breaks in their hepatopancreas tissues monitored. Mussels exposed to 0.3 and 3 micrograms l-1 B[a]P showed marked increases in strand breaks after 1 day of exposure. DNA strand break levels in these mussels remained high and significantly different from the control values until day 3 for the 0.3 microgram l-1 treatment group, and day 6 for the 3 micrograms l-1 treatment group. This was followed by a gradual reduction in strand breaks. After 12 days, the levels of both groups had returned to the same level as that of the control. No increase in DNA strand breaks was observable in mussels exposed to 30 micrograms l-1 B[a]P in the first 12 days of exposure, but a significant increase was observed from day 12 to day 24. Increasing B[a]P concentrations resulted in elevated DNA adduct levels after 3-6 days of exposure, but this pattern of dose-related increase disappeared after 12 days. These results indicate that a better understanding of the complex interactions between exposure levels and durations is crucially important before DNA adduct levels and DNA strand breaks in P. viridis can be used as effective biomarkers for monitoring genotoxicants in marine waters.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between fasting plasma leptin and 24-hour energy expenditure (EE), substrate oxidation, and spontaneous physical activity (SPA) in obese subjects before and after a major weight reduction compared with normal weight controls. To test fasting plasma leptin, substrate oxidations, and SPA as predictive markers of success during a standardized weight loss intervention. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Twenty-one nondiabetic obese (body mass index: 33.9 to 43.8 kg/m(2)) and 13 lean (body mass index: 20.4 to 24.7 kg/m(2)) men matched for age and height were included in the study. All obese subjects were reexamined after a mean weight loss of 19.2 kg (95% confidence interval: 15.1-23.4 kg) achieved by 16 weeks of dietary intervention followed by 8 weeks of weight stability. Twenty-four-hour EE and substrate oxidations were measured by whole-body indirect calorimetry. SPA was assessed by microwave radar. RESULTS: In lean subjects, leptin adjusted for fat mass (FM) was correlated to 24-hour EE before (r = -0.56, p < 0.05) but not after adjustment for fat free mass. In obese subjects, leptin correlated inversely with 24-hour and resting nonprotein respiratory quotient (r = -0.47, p < 0.05 and r = -0.50, p < 0.05) both before and after adjustments for energy balance. Baseline plasma leptin concentration, adjusted for differences in FM, was inversely related to the size of weight loss after 8 weeks (r = -0.41, p = 0.07), 16 weeks (r = -0.51, p < 0.05), and 24 weeks (r = -0.50, p < 0.05). DISCUSSION: The present study suggests that leptin may have a stimulating effect on fat oxidation in obese subjects. A low leptin level for a given FM was associated with a greater weight loss, suggesting that obese subjects with greater leptin sensitivities are more successful in reducing weight. 
This study describes the distribution of blood lipid concentrations and examines relationships among training volume (TV, kilometers per week), peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak), body fatness, and blood lipid concentrations in 48 male and 22 female distance runners, aged 10-19 years. Comparisons were made to a current reference sample and clinical cut-off points. Relationships were assessed by partial correlations allowing for age and sexual maturity. Compared to reference median values, mean concentrations of total cholesterol (P=0.07) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (P<0.005) were higher, while high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C; P=0.24) was comparable in male distance runners. Blood lipid concentrations in female distance runners were comparable to reference median values. Although some subjects had dyslipidemic values, most possessed clinically normal concentrations of blood lipids. The TV was weakly correlated with blood lipid concentrations, but may have been indirectly related with HDL-C through its relationship with VO2peak in males runners (r=0.32). In female runners, correlations between sum of skinfolds (SSF), the trunk-to-extremity ratio (TER) and blood lipid concentrations were low (r=0.16 to -0.27), with one exception (TER and HDL-C, r=-0.60). The most consistent relationships existed among TV, VO2peak, SSF, and HDL-C with partial correlations ranging from low (r=0.10 TV) to moderate (r=0.37 SSF, r=0.41 VO2peak). The correlation between VO2peak and HDL-C remained significant after allowing for age and SSF, while the partial correlation between SSF and HDL-C, allowing for age and VO2peak, was reduced and not significant (r=-0.19, P=0.20). In female runners, the correlation between VO2peak and HDL-C was r=0.32, whereas the partial correlation between SSF and HDLC, allowing for age and VO2peak, was r=0.00. Blood lipid concentrations of young male distance runners were not, on average, different to the general population of the youth of the United States. The young distance runners showed considerable heterogeneity in blood lipid phenotypes, including dyslipidemic values. The results highlight the complex relationships among TV, VO2peak, body fat and HDL-C, and indicate the unique contribution of VO2peak as an important predictor of HDL-C in young distance runners.
In 1999, a campaign of the Flemish Ministry of Health, Belgium was set up to assess pollutant concentrations and related health effect biomarkers in humans living in two regions of Flanders. The study was called the 'Flemish Environment and Health Study' (FLEHS). Concentrations of selected organochiorine pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD) and flirans (PCDF) were measured by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in 47 pooled human serum samples originating from 200 individual women between 50 and 65 years living in two Flemish regions. The CALUX (Chemical-Activated Luciferase gene eXpression) bioassay was assessed on the same pools. The correlation between CALUX-TEQ and total TEQ (sum of PCDD/PCDF, non- and mono-ortho PCBs) varied from 0.43 to 0.73 for the rural and urban region, respectively. The mean value for the total TBQ (75 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat) was two times higher than the mean TEQ value determined with the CALUX bioassay (36 pg TEQ/g fat). This shows that the assessment of dioxin-like exposure by these two measurements was different. However, regional differences in concentrations were observed for neither total TEQs, nor CALUX-TEQs. It was concluded that the CALUX can be an alternative screening tool for biomonitoring purposes, especially when the objective is to compare different groups of people (e.g. living in different regions).
Fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE) are products of the nonoxidative ethanol metabolism, which are known to be detectable in blood only about 24h after the last alcohol intake. After deposition in hair they should be suitable long-term markers of chronically elevated alcohol consumption. Therefore, a method for the analysis of ethyl myristate, ethyl palmitate, ethyl oleate and ethyl stearate from hair was developed based on the extraction of the hair sample by a dimethylsulphoxide (DMSO)/n-hexane mixture, separation and evaporation of the n-hexane phase and application of headspace solid-phase microextraction (HS-SPME) in combination with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) to the extract. For use as internal standards, the corresponding D(5)-ethyl esters were prepared. The HS-SPME/GC-MS measurements were automatically performed using a multi-purpose sampler. The detection limits of the FAEE were between 0.01 and 0.04ng/mg and the reproducibility was between 3.5 and 16%. By application of the method to hair samples of 21 fatalities with known heavy alcohol abuse 0.045-2.4ng/mg ethyl myristate, 0.35-13.5ng/mg ethyl palmitate, 0.25-7.7ng/mg ethyl oleate and 0.05-3.85ng/mg ethyl stearate were measured. For social drinkers (30-60g ethanol per week), the concentrations were about one order of magnitude smaller. For 10 teetotalers negative results or traces of ethyl palmitate were found. It was shown by supplementary investigations in single cases that FAEE are also present in sebum, that there is no strong difference in their concentrations between pubic, chest and scalp hair, and that they are detectable in hair segments after a 2 months period of abstinence. From the results follows that the measurement of FAEE concentrations in hair is a useful way for a retrospective detection of alcohol abuse.
BACKGROUND: gamma-Tocopherol is the most abundant form of vitamin E in the US diet, but alpha-tocopherol concentrations are the highest in plasma and tissues. Although plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of alpha-tocopherol have been used as biomarkers of intake, the relation between gamma-tocopherol intake and concentrations in plasma and adipose tissue is unknown. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to investigate in a randomly selected population from Costa Rica whether plasma or adipose tissue concentrations of alpha- and gamma-tocopherol are suitable biomarkers of intake. DESIGN: A total of 361 men (x +/- SD age: 55 +/- 11 y) and 121 women (aged 59 +/- 10 y) completed a 135-item food-frequency questionnaire and provided a fasting blood sample and adipose tissue biopsy sample. RESULTS: Dietary gamma-tocopherol correlated with adipose tissue (r = 0.37, P < 0.001) and plasma (r = 0.42, P < 0.001) concentrations, regardless of supplement use. Dietary alpha-tocopherol correlated poorly with adipose tissue (r = 0.15, P < 0.01) and plasma (r = 0.16, P < 0.001) concentrations, and these correlations were even lower when users of vitamin supplements (n = 24) were excluded (adipose tissue: r = 0.10, P < 0.05; plasma: r = 0.09, P < 0.05). Compared with subjects who reported palm shortening (36%) as the major type of fat used for cooking, subjects using soybean oil (52%) had higher amounts of both alpha- and gamma-tocopherol in their diets. However, only gamma-tocopherol concentrations were higher in the plasma and adipose tissue of soybean oil users. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of gamma-tocopherol are equally good biomarkers of intake. The weak associations between alpha-tocopherol intake and plasma or adipose tissue concentrations suggest that these biomarkers are influenced more by factors other than alpha-tocopherol intake. 
Food-derived heterocyclic amines (HCAs), particularly 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), are implicated in the etiology of human colorectal cancer (CRC) via a process of N-oxidation followed by O-acetylation or O-sulfation to form electrophilic metabolites that react with DNA. Glutathione S-transferases (GSTs) detoxify activated carcinogen metabolites by catalysis of their reaction with GSH. However, among HCAs, only N-acetoxy-PhIP has been shown to be a substrate for the GSTs. By using a competitive DNA-binding assay, we confirm that hGSTA1-1 is an efficient catalyst of the detoxification of N-acetoxy-PhIP. Further, we show that hGSTs A2-2, P1-1, M1-1, T1-1 and T2-2 appear to have low activity towards N-acetoxy-PhIP, and that hGSTs A4-4, M2-2, M4-4 and Z1-1 appear to have no activity towards N-acetoxy-PhIP. A genetic polymorphism in the 5'-regulatory sequence of hGSTA1 has been shown to correlate with the relative and absolute levels of expression of GSTA1/GSTA2 in human liver. Examination of hGSTA1 allele frequency in 100 Caucasian CRC patients and 226 Caucasian controls demonstrated a significant over-representation of the homozygous hGSTA1*B genotype among cases compared to controls (24.0 and 13.7%, respectively, P=0.04). This corresponds to an odds ratio for risk of CRC of 2.0 (95% CI 1.0-3.7) when comparing homozygous hGSTA1*B individuals with all other genotypes. Thus, individuals who are homozygous hGSTA1*B, and who would be predicted to have the lowest levels of hGSTA1 expression in their livers, appear to be at risk of developing CRC, possibly as a result of inefficient hepatic detoxification of N-acetoxy-PhIP.
Several reports have indicated that polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) altered development of biogenic amine systems in the brain, impaired behavioral performances, and disrupted maturation of the thyroid axis. The current study examines whether these developmental effects of PCB are correlated. Timed-pregnant Long-Evans rats were gavaged with the PCB mixture Aroclor 1016 (A-1016, 10 mg/kg) from gestation day (GD) 6 to parturition. Some pups continued to receive daily oral administration of PCB (10 mg/kg) until weaning at postnatal day (PD) 21. Another group of pregnant rats was given Aroclor 1254 (A-1254, 8 mg/kg) daily from GD 6 to weaning. At various age intervals, rats were sacrificed and six brain regions (prefrontal cortex, striatum, hippocampus, diencephalon, cerebellum, midbrain + brain stem) were removed and analyzed for dopamine (DA) and norepinephrine (NE) levels by high-performance liquid chromatography. In addition, transmitter turnover rates were determined after an acute treatment of alpha-methyl-p-tyrosine. Serum samples were collected and analyzed for triiodothyronine (T(3)) and thyroxine (T(4)) by radioimmunoassay. Behaviorally, rats were evaluated for spatial learning and memory by means of T-maze delayed alternation and Morris maze tasks on PD 23 and PD 70, respectively. A-1016 treatment produced only small and transient reductions in body weight gain, and generally did not alter the thyroid status of the developing rats. It did not cause any significant changes in DA or NE level, or turnover rate in any of the brain regions examined, nor did it affect behavioral measures of cognitive development. In contrast, perinatal exposure to A-1254 led to marked deficits of growth, and sharply reduced serum T(4), although T(3) remained largely unaffected. Accompanying this hormonal imbalance, brain NE contents in the A-1254-exposed pups were reduced, although brain DA was not significantly affected; no demonstrable neurobehavioral deficits were seen in the T-maze or Morris maze tests. These results indicated that development of central noradrenergic neurons was compromised by perinatal exposure to A-1254 but not A-1016, and both PCB mixtures failed to alter behavioral performances.
Epidemiologic studies indicate that prolonged exposure to high pollution levels is associated with increased risk of cancer, especially lung cancer. However, under conditions of moderate or low air pollution, epidemiologic evidence does not permit reliable conclusions. Biomarker-based population studies may serve as complementary tools providing a better understanding of the relative contribution of ambient atmospheric pollution to the overall genotoxic burden suffered by city dwellers. However, past efforts to apply biomarkers to studies of low levels exposure to urban air pollution have given inconclusive results, partly because of the absence of adequate data on personal exposure, covering a time-window which is appropriate for the biomarkers being examined, as well as a battery of biomarkers reflecting different stages of the carcinogenic process. In the present paper, the potential of biomarker-based population studies to aid the assessment of the genotoxic and carcinogenic effects of urban air pollution is reviewed by reference to the achievements and limitations of earlier reported studies. The design and methodology adopted in a recently completed large-scale population study, carried out in the context of the European Union Environment and Climate Programme, known by the short name of AULIS project, is discussed and descriptive statistics of the main findings of the project are presented. These findings indicate that for cohorts suffering moderate-to-low exposures to airborne particulate-bound polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), no simple correlation with biomarkers of genotoxicity existed and suggest that additional factors made a significant contribution to the overall genotoxic burden.
A major concern of centralized anticoagulant measurements with off-site sampling is the reliability of international normalized ratio (INR) determinations on blood that may have been taken from the patient hours before the analysis. We compared INR differences in the blood of patients receiving oral anticoagulants after 24 h storage in four conditions: centrifuged at room temperature, centrifuged at 4 degrees C, uncentrifuged at room temperature and uncentrifuged at 4 degrees C. The INR of centrifuged and uncentrifuged blood left at room temperature for 24 h consistently increased by 6% and, after adjustment, there were no misclassifications in the assessment of the adequacy of anticoagulant treatment. Inconsistent changes were noted in tests of refrigerated centrifuged blood. We conclude that storage of blood at room temperature for 24 h results in a consistent prolongation of the prothrombin time, which after correction can reliably be used to adjust the dose of oral anticoagulants.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether the effect of learning and the reproducibility of measurements varied between the two methods of application (hand-held or slit-lamp mounted) of the ocular blood flow (OBF) tonometer. METHOD: Five consecutive measurements by each method were taken at one examination session on one eye of 35 healthy adults (mean age 36.6 years and range 17-84 years). The subjects were seated for all measures and the sequence of tonometer method was randomised between subjects. RESULTS: A new operator does exhibit a significant learning effect and this learning effect is of a greater magnitude for the hand-held technique. No significant difference was found between methods for pulsatile ocular blood flow (POBF), IOP, pulse amplitude and heart rate. Both methods of application had a high coefficient of reliability for POBF: 0.91 for slit-lamp and 0.89 for hand-held. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that results from both methods of OBF tonometer application are reliable and either method can be used for clinical and research studies. However it is important that new operators gain sufficient experience with the OBF tonometer to avoid initial operator-induced variability. 
High intake of fish has been associated with reduced risk of CHD. The high content of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) in fish has been suggested to be a protective factor. In addition, fish is the entirely dominating source of methylmercury for the general population, and the concentration of Hg in erythrocytes (Ery-Hg) is often used as an index of fish consumption. Our aim was to study the relationships between a first-ever myocardial infarction, Ery-Hg, activity of gluthathione peroxidase in erythrocytes (Ery-GSH-Px) and plasma concentration of the n-3 PUFA eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids (P-PUFA). In a population-based prospective nested case-control study within Northern Sweden seventy-eight cases of a first-ever myocardial infarction were compared with 156 controls with respect to Ery-Hg, P-PUFA and Ery-GSH-Px. Both Ery-Hg and P-PUFA, but not Ery-GSH-Px, were significantly higher in subjects reporting high fish intake (at least one meal per week) than in those with lower intake. This finding suggests that Ery-Hg and P-PUFA reflect previous long-term fish intake. Low risk of myocardial infarction was associated with high Ery-Hg or high P-PUFA. In a multivariate model the risk of myocardial infarction was further reduced in subjects with both high Ery-Hg and high P-PUFA (odds ratio 0.16, 95 % CI 0.04, 0.65). In conclusion, there is a strong inverse association between the risk of a first myocardial infarction and the biomarkers of fish intake, Ery-Hg and P-PUFA, and this association is independent of traditional risk factors.
Para-aminohippuric acid (PAH), an indicator of renal plasma flow, is a commonly used marker of organic anion transport by the kidney. An analytical method for PAH using HPLC was developed. The method is simple, fast and requires a minimum amount of organic solvent. Sample preparation involved protein precipitation with zinc sulfate. Para-amino benzoic acid was utilized as an internal standard (IS). Chromatography was performed using a reversed-phase phenyl column with UV detection at a wavelength of 254 nm. Mobile phase consisted of 0.1 M acetic acid and acetonitrile (99:1) at a flow rate of 1 ml/min. The assay was validated over a standard concentration range from 1 to 25 microg/ml. Accuracy, precision, reproducibility and specificity of the method was established with coefficients of variation <10%. The method was sensitive and showed linear response in peak height ratio (analyte:IS) over the concentration range studied (r(2)>0.99). The assay was used to study the effect of aging on PAH excretion in the isolated perfused rat kidney model. Experiments were conducted in kidneys from young (2-3 months, n=6), adult (6-9 months, n=5) and aged (12-16 months, n=3) male Sprague-Dawley rats at an initial drug concentration of 20 microg/ml. Significant differences in kidney function (e.g. glomerular filtration rate and glucose reabsorption) were observed in aged kidneys. Despite a 5-fold reduction in glomerular filtration rate, PAH renal clearance (kidney weight-corrected) decreased by only 2-fold in aged (2.2+/-0.42 ml/min per gram) compared to young (4.6+/-0.70 ml/min per gram, P<0.05) rats. Furthermore, renal excretion ratio was significantly higher in aged rats (27+/-8.0 vs. 15+/-5.0, P<0.05). These preliminary findings challenge the 'Whole Nephron Hypothesis' that assumes parallel reductions in renal filtration and secretory capacity secondary to disease or aging.
Viral RNA level in plasma is a sensitive experimental endpoint for evaluating the efficacy of AIDS vaccines or therapies in nonhuman primates. By quantifying viral RNA in the plasma of 77 rhesus monkeys for 10 weeks after inoculation with simian-human immunodeficiency virus 89.6P (SHIV-89.6P) or simian immunodeficiency virus mac 251 (SIVmac 251), we estimated variability in three viral load (VL) measures: peak VL, the postacute set point VL, and VL decline from peak. Such estimates of biological variability are essential for determining the number of animals needed per group and may be helpful for selecting the most appropriate measure to use as the experimental endpoint. Peak VL was positively correlated with set point VL for both viruses. Variability (standard deviation) was substantially higher in monkeys infected with SIVmac 251 than in those infected with SHIV-89.6P for set point VL and VL decline. The variability of peak VL was less than one-half that of set point VL variability and only about two-thirds of that of VL decline, implying that the same treatment-related difference in peak VL could be detected with fewer animals than set point VL or VL decline. Thus, differences in VL variability over the course of infection and between viruses need to be considered when designing studies using the nonhuman primate AIDS models.
Disinfection by-products (DBP) are a side effect of water chlorination. Some toxicological studies suggest an association between DBP exposure and adverse reproductive and developmental effects. This investigation considered all toxicological and epidemiological evidence for the various effects, outcome by outcome. The weight of evidence demonstrated that no association with DBP exposure exists for over a dozen outcomes including low and very low birth weight, preterm delivery, some specific congenital anomalies, and neonatal death. The analysis found inconsistent or very weak results for all congenital anomalies/birth defects, all central nervous system anomalies, neural tube defects, spontaneous abortion, and stillbirth. The weight of evidence suggested a positive association with DBP exposure for some measure of growth retardation (such as intrauterine growth retardation or small for gestational age) and for urinary tract anomalies. Having catalogued these effects, it should be noted that exposure assessment in the epidemiological studies published to date has been inadequate to definitively demonstrate an association of small magnitude. Exposure to DBP primarily has been based on routine (i.e., quarterly) monitoring of public water supplies for trihalomethanes (THM) matched to maternal residence. In order to determine whether an association exists between adverse reproductive and developmental effects and exposure to DBP, studies must consider the THM concentration and the quantity of the water actually consumed by pregnant women.
We investigated the expression of apoptosis regulatory proteins in the adipose tissue of tumor-bearing and diet-restricted rabbits, and analyzed the differences between the two groups. The apoptotic index in the tumor-bearing group was 25.1+/-12.4 on day 10 and increased to 27.2+/-14.4 by day 20. Thereafter, however, it gradually decreased, falling to 11.2+/-7.8 on day 30 and 0.67+/-0.88 on day 40. By contrast, no apoptotic cells were detected in the diet-restricted group at any of the times examined. Bcl-2 immunoreactivity was either not detected at all, or was only weakly observed in both groups. Bax expression, on the other hand, gradually increased after implantation in the tumor-bearing group. In 2 of the 5 tumor-bearing rabbits, Bax expression in adipocytes was moderate 10 days after tumor implantation, and strong by day 20, but steadily decreased thereafter. By contrast, hardly any Bax-immunopositive cells were detected in the diet-restricted group. These results suggested that loss of body weight in the tumor-bearing group was different from that in the diet-restricted group, and that it was related to adipocyte apoptosis.
Hexavalent chromium [Cr(VI)] is a genotoxic carcinogen for which inhalation is a major potential route of exposure in occupational settings. In the present study, the ability of sodium dichromate to cause DNA strand breaks in three populations of cells, human whole blood cells, isolated human peripheral blood lymphocytes and cultured A549 lung epithelial cells, was investigated. Treatment with non-cytotoxic concentrations of sodium dichromate (for 1 h) resulted in a concentration-dependent increase in the number of DNA strand breaks as measured by the Comet assay. The lowest concentrations of sodium dichromate that resulted in a statistically significant (P < 0.01) increase in the number of DNA strand breaks were 500, 50 and 10 microM, respectively, in these cells. The use of formamidopyrimidine glycosylase increased the sensitivity of detection of strand breaks in A549 cells 10-fold, suggesting a role for DNA base oxidation in the mechanism of dichromate-induced DNA strand breaks. In support of this hypothesis, immunocytochemistry indicated an elevation of 8-oxodeoxyguanosine in A549 cells treated with 10 and 500 microM sodium dichromate for 1 h. We also demonstrated 2.11- and 2.5-fold ranges in the level of control and dichromate (500 microM)-induced DNA strand breaks, respectively, in cells of whole blood within a group of healthy volunteers (n = 26). A statistically significant (P < 0.001) positive Pearson's correlation (r = 0.606) was found between control and treated levels of DNA strand breaks, suggesting that factors responsible for relatively low levels of DNA strand breaks in untreated PBL may also offer protection against the formation of dichromate-induced DNA strand breaks.
BACKGROUND: Abdominal obesity is associated with coronary risk, although causality is not well established. OBJECTIVE: In an obese Mediterranean population, we measured the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue, its relation with dietary fatty acids and central fat deposition, and its influence on plasma lipids and insulin. DESIGN: Adipose tissue samples were obtained from 84 obese patients (29 men, 55 women) aged 30-70 y (body mass index, in kg/m(2): 27-35). We measured concentrations of insulin and lipids in plasma and fatty acids in subcutaneous, omental, and perivisceral fat. Dietary fatty acid intake was assessed with a 7-d diet record. RESULTS: The population studied was normolipidemic and normoinsulinemic. There were important differences in fatty acid composition between tissue sites: saturated fatty acids were higher and monounsaturated fatty acids were lower in perivisceral than in subcutaneous fat (P < 0.05). Significant correlations were found for oleic, linoleic, alpha-linolenic, and total n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids between the subject's habitual diet and adipose tissue composition. Oleic and n-3 fatty acids from adipose regions were negatively correlated with apolipoprotein B and triacylglycerols; adipose tissue 22:1n-9, 20:2n-6, stearic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid were positively correlated with HDL and apolipoprotein A; and adipose tissue myristic acid was negatively correlated with apolipoprotein A (P < 0.05). Central obesity was positively associated with n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and inversely associated with monounsaturated fatty acids and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in adipose tissue (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The differences found in the composition and metabolism of perivisceral, omental, and subcutaneous fats may indicate that their atherogenic capacities also differ. 
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies suggest that a higher consumption of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. Studies in humans and animals also reported an inverse association between alpha-linolenic acid and cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. OBJECTIVE: We examined the relation between dietary linolenic acid and prevalent coronary artery disease (CAD). DESIGN: We studied 4584 participants with a mean (+/-SD) age of 52.1 +/- 13.7 y in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study in a cross-sectional design. Participants' diets were assessed with a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. For each sex, we created age- and energy-adjusted quintiles of linolenic acid, and we used logistic regression to estimate prevalent odds ratios for CAD. RESULTS: From the lowest to the highest quintile of linolenic acid, the prevalence odds ratios of CAD were 1.0, 0.77, 0.61, 0.58, and 0.60 for the men (P for trend = 0.012) and 1.0, 0.57, 0.52, 0.30, and 0.42 for the women (P for trend = 0.014) after adjustment for age, linoleic acid, and anthropometric, lifestyle, and metabolic factors. Linoleic acid was also inversely related to the prevalence odds ratios of CAD in the multivariate model (0.60 and 0.61 in the second and third tertiles, respectively) after adjustment for linolenic acid. The combined effect of linoleic and linolenic acids was stronger than the individual effects of either fatty acid. CONCLUSIONS: A higher intake of either linolenic or linoleic acid was inversely related to the prevalence odds ratio of CAD. The 2 fatty acids had synergistic effects on the prevalence odds ratio of CAD. 
We previously developed an alternative method for estimating the brain perfusion index (BPI) using technetium-99m compounds and spectral analysis (SA) for quantification of cerebral blood flow (CBF). In this study, we investigated the reproducibility of the BPI values obtained by SA (BPIS) using a double injection of technetium-99m ethyl cysteinate dimer without any intervention, and compared it with that of the BPI values obtained by graphical analysis (BPIG). The BPIS values in the first (x) and second sessions (y) correlated closely (y=0.921x+0.036; r=0.962; n=64; s.e.e.=0.058 min-1). Although the BPIG values in the first (x) and second sessions (y) also correlated (y=0.942x+0.040; r=0.916; n=64; s.e.e.=0.061 min-1), the correlation coefficient for BPIS was significantly higher than that for BPIG. The reproducibility was dependent on the injection dose ratio of the second session to the first (R). The difference in BPI between the first and second sessions tended to be smaller when 1.5<R<2.5 than when 0<R<1.5 or 2.5<R. These results suggest that the reproducibility of BPIS is satisfactory and that it can be applied to two sequential measurements of CBF using a double injection of 99mTc compounds. When applying our method to such measurements, it is recommended that R is taken as approximately 2.0.
Epidemiological surveys in occupationally exposed populations postulate that long-term exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) is carcinogenic. We studied the ability of PAHs to induce the formation of adducts in the DNA of white blood cells of petrol refinery workers exposed at the workplace. Our study included a random sample of 56 workers exposed to PAHs and 37 non-exposed workers. In the univariate analysis, the DNA adduct level of PAH-exposed workers (42.22 +/- 45.11) was significantly increased (P < 0.05) compared with that in the non-exposed group (20.90 +/- 22.56). However, we could not identify either current smoking or absence of glutathione S-transferase class Mu as possible risk factors for DNA adducts. Linear regression analysis identified degree of exposure to PAHs as the only DNA adducts risk factor. Further research with a larger sample size is under investigation to identify the DNA adduct levels and relationship between the different types of PAHs.
A large number of studies have been published on very-low calorie diets and markedly hypocaloric dietary regimens for treatment of obesity. However, scanty data are available on moderately hypocaloric diets based on the Mediterranean diet model. We evaluated the efficacy and safety of a moderately hypocaloric Mediterranean diet (MHMD) by assessing changes in body composition and in metabolic profile in 19 obese women, aged 32+/-4 years, body weight 84.7+/-9.6 kg, body mass index (BMI) 33.67+/-2.61 kg/m2. The energy content of the diet (mean 6.5 MJ/day) matched the resting metabolic rate and its content in macronutrients (55% carbohydrate, 25% fat, 20% protein, 30 g fibre) was based on the Italian Recommended Dietary Allowances (LARN). Based on the Mediterranean diet model, available nutritional indices like the animal/vegetable protein ratio, the Cholesterol/Saturated Fat Index, the Glycaemic Index, the Atherogenic Index, the Thrombogenic Index and the Mediterranean Adequacy Index were taken into account in elaborating diets. At baseline and after 2 months, body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, metabolic profile, uric acid, fibrinogen and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were assessed. Following MHMD, body weight decreased to 78.1+/-10.5 kg and BMI to 31.18+/-2.74 kg/m2. Total (-4.9+/-0.9 kg) and segmental fat mass decreased, no significant loss of total and segmental lean body mass was observed. No decrease of fasting blood glucose (5.05+/-0.45 vs 4.98+/-0.43 mmol/l, NS), of the area under the curve (AUC) for glucose (29.50+/-6.24 vs 28.07+/-5.29, NS) as well as of HDL-cholesterol (1.30+/-0.30 vs 1.33+/-0.33 mmol/l, NS) and of triglycerides (1.70+/-1.00 vs 1.46+/-0.66 mmol/l, NS) was observed. However, a significant decrease of basal insulin (11.48+/-6.77 vs 8.07+/-4.17 mU/ml, p<0.01) as well as of the AUC for insulin (263+/-118 vs 208+/-82,p<0.005), of total (5.40+/-1.04 vs 4.97+/-0.92 mmol/l,p<0.05) and LDL-cholesterol (3.36+/-1.07 vs 2.90+/-0.74 mmol/l,p<0.005), of uric acid (0.30+/-0.06 vs 0.28+/-0.05 mmol/l,p<0.01) and fibrinogen (359+/-78 vs 324+/-87 mg/100 ml, p<0.0001) was observed. In conclusion, MHMD prevents loss of fat-free mass and improves metabolic parameters in obese people. We advocate a wider use of nutritional indices and body composition assessment as tools for quality control of hypocaloric diets.
BACKGROUND: There is uncertainty whether environmental levels of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) adversely affect mental and motor development in early childhood. We aimed to establish whether such an effect is of only prenatal or additional postnatal origin, and if a favourable home environment can counteract this effect. METHODS: Between 1993 and 1995 we recruited 171 healthy mother-infant pairs and prospectively measured psychodevelopment in newborn infants aged 7, 18, 30, and 42 months. We estimated prenatal and perinatal PCB exposure of newborn babies in cord blood and maternal milk. At 42 months we measured postnatal PCB concentrations in serum. At 18 months the quality of the home environment was assessed using the Home Observation for Measurement of the Environment scale. Mental and psychomotor development of the children were assessed using the Bayley Scales of Infant Development until 30 months and the Kaufman Assessment Battery for Children at 42 months. FINDINGS: Negative associations between milk PCB and mental/motor development were reported at all ages, becoming significant from 30 months onwards. Over 30 months, for a PCB increase from 173 (5th percentile) to 679 ng/g lipids in milk (95th percentile) there was a decrease of 8.3 points (95% CI -16.5 to 0.0) in the Bayley Scales of Infant Development mental scores, and a 9.1 point decrease (95% CI -17.2 to -1.02) in the Bayley Scales of Infant Development motor scores. There was also a negative effect of postnatal PCB exposure via breastfeeding at 42 months. Home environment had a positive effect from 30 months onwards (Bayley Scales of Infant Development mental score increase of 9.4 points [95% CI 2.2-16.7]). INTERPRETATION: Prenatal PCB exposure at current European background levels inhibits, and a favourable home environment supports, mental and motor development until 42 months of age. PCB exposure also has an effect postnatally. 
The purpose of this study was to assess the association between 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (CB-153) in plasma, a biomarker of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB), and time to pregnancy (TTP) in a group of women with a varying dietary exposure to PCB. For 121 Swedish east coast fishermen's wives (median year of birth 1956, range 1945-1968), information on selt-reported TTP for the first planned pregnancy (median 2 mo, range 0-48) and CB-153 concentrations from blood samples drawn in 1995 (median 144 ng/g lipid, range 16-566) were available. Each woman's CB-153 concentration in plasma at the time immediately preceding her pregnancy was estimated, taking into account reduction of body burden of CB-153 due to lactation, the yearly reduction of PCB in Baltic Sea fish, as well as the biological half-life of CB-153. Based on the estimated CB-153 concentrations, subjects were categorized into tertiles as low (37-206 ng/g lipid), medium (207-330 ng/g lipid), and high (331-,1036 ng/g lipid) exposure groups. TTP in the medium- and high-exposure groups were then compared to TTP in the low-exposure group by estimating the corresponding success rate (i.e., the number of pregnancies per person month) ratios (SuRR) using discrete Cox regression, taking into account essential confounders. No obvious association between estimated CB-153 concentration and TTP was observed (medium vs. low: SuRR 0.77 [95% CI 0.47-1.28] and high vs. low: SuRR 0.95 10.74-1.23]). The present data give no support for a negative association between the plasma CB-153 concentrations observed in the present study and TTP. It should, however, be borne in mind that the study group was rather small and mainly included relatively young women, likely to have been only moderately exposed.
The objectives of the present study were to compare the bioavailability of vitamin A from liver paste and from a vitamin A supplement at three nutritionally relevant levels of intake, and to estimate levels of "safe" intake based on concentrations of retinoic acid and its metabolites in plasma after a single dose of vitamin A from liver paste. Women (n = 35; 19-47 y of age) consumed 3.0, 7.5 or 15 mg vitamin A as liver paste or as a vitamin A supplement with a test meal in a randomized design, with a combined crossover (two sources) and parallel approach (three dosages). Retinyl esters and retinoic acid (RA) metabolites were quantified in blood samples at 2-24 h after dosing. The areas under the time-response curves (AUC) were calculated to evaluate responses in plasma vitamin A after intake of liver paste and the vitamin A supplements. For retinyl esters, the AUC was significantly affected by the dosage, but not by the source. The formation of 13-cis-RA, 13-cis-4-oxo-RA, and to a lesser extent all-trans-RA was significantly higher after consumption of liver paste compared with the supplement, especially at higher dosages. Long-term baseline concentrations of retinol were not affected by a single intake of vitamin A. In conclusion, the bioavailability of vitamin A from single doses of liver paste and a vitamin A supplement does not differ, but the plasma concentrations of RA metabolites are higher after intake of liver paste. Thus, pregnant women should indeed limit the intake of vitamin A from liver products.
Genetic studies of wild animal populations are often hindered by difficulties in obtaining blood samples. Recent advances in molecular biology have allowed the use of noninvasive samples as sources of DNA (e.g., hair or feces), but such samples may provide low-quality DNA and prevent the determination of true genotypes in subsequent DNA analysis. We present a preliminary study aimed at assessing the reliability of using fecal samples for genotyping in Barbary macaques (Macaca sylvanus). The test was performed on samples of blood and feces from 11 captive animals, using three dinucleotide microsatellites. The CTAB DNA extraction method was found to be the most relevant for Barbary macaque feces, yielding successful amplification at all loci for 70% of PCRs. All the fecal samples tested gave correct genotypes at least once for each locus when referenced against blood-derived genotypes. An average of 18.3% of PCRs displayed spurious genotypes (false homozygous or false allele). The minimum theoretical probability required to obtain a 100% accurate genotype is 0.74, based on the criterion that a correct genotype is assessed only if it was observed at least twice. The observed probability of obtaining a correct genotype from three PCRs, based on our genotyping results, was greater (0.81 on average) than the minimum threshold. In conclusion, our comparison of blood and fecal samples showed that fecal sampling is a reliable tool for the further study of wild Barbary macaque populations.
BACKGROUND: Fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs) are nonoxidative ethanol metabolites that have been implicated as mediators of alcohol-induced organ damage. FAEEs are detectable in the blood after ethanol ingestion, and on that basis have been proposed as markers of ethanol intake. Because blood is not always available at autopsy, in this study we quantified FAEEs in human liver and adipose tissue as potential postmortem markers of premortem ethanol intake. METHODS: Twenty-four sets of samples were collected at the Massachusetts State Medical Examiner's Office, and 7 sets of samples were obtained from the Pathology Department of Massachusetts General Hospital. Samples of liver and adipose tissue were collected at autopsy, and FAEEs were isolated and quantified from these organs as mass per gram of wet weight. Postmortem analysis of blood involved assessment for ethanol and other drugs. RESULTS: The study shows a substantial difference in FAEE concentrations in liver and adipose tissue of patients with detectable blood ethanol at the time of autopsy vs those with no detectable blood ethanol, who were either chronic alcoholics or social drinkers. In addition, a specific FAEE, ethyl arachidonate, was found at concentrations >200 pmol/g almost exclusively in the liver and adipose tissue of individuals with detectable blood ethanol at the time of death, providing an additional FAEE-related marker for prior ethanol intake. CONCLUSIONS: The mass of FAEEs in liver and adipose tissue and the presence of ethyl arachidonate can serve as postmortem markers of premortem ethanol intake when no blood sample can be obtained. 
To examine the hypothesis that a high-animal protein, low-carbohydrate diet in pregnancy is associated with raised blood pressure in the adult offspring, we performed a follow-up study of 626 men and women in Motherwell, Scotland, whose mothers' food intake had been recorded during pregnancy. The mothers had taken part in a dietary intervention in which they were advised to eat 1 lb (0.45 kg) of red meat per day and to avoid carbohydrate-rich foods during pregnancy. The offspring were followed up at age 27 to 30 years, and their systolic and diastolic blood pressures were measured. Women who reported greater consumption of meat and fish in the second half of pregnancy had offspring with higher systolic blood pressure in adult life (regression coefficient, 0.19 mm Hg per portion per week; 95% confidence interval, 0.04 to 0.35; P=0.02). High maternal consumption of fish, but not meat, was associated with higher diastolic blood pressure in the offspring (regression coefficient, 1.00 mm Hg per portion per week; 95% confidence interval, 0.18 to 1.82; P=0.02). These associations were independent of maternal blood pressure, body size, and smoking habits during pregnancy. Although we cannot exclude confounding by maternal saturated fat or salt intake, the findings support those of a study in Aberdeen showing higher blood pressure in men and women whose mothers had eaten a high-animal protein, low-carbohydrate diet in late pregnancy. These associations may reflect the metabolic stress imposed on the mother by an unbalanced diet in which high intakes of essential amino acids are not accompanied by the nutrients required to utilize them.
The feasibility of using metabolites specific to caffeine as urinary biomarkers to be employed in the estimation of dietary caffeine intake is reported. The influence of inter-individual differences in the metabolism of caffeine and the effect of volunteer phenotype on the interpretation of potential biomarkers has been investigated using urinary caffeine metabolite data. This method of phenotype determination accurately reflected the rate constant for the cytochrome P4501A2 (CYP1A2)-catalysed 3-demethylation of caffeine in vivo. Three studies with up to 20 human volunteers demonstrated that a 24-h urine collection after a caffeine dose allows quantification of the metabolites excreted; that the ratios of selected metabolites used to classify the volunteers into fast, intermediate or slow caffeine metabolizers by CYP1A2 phenotype gave a similar result (2:7:3, slow:intermediate:fast) to that found in the general population (1:7:2); and that three metabolites, 1,7-dimethylxanthine, 1,7-dimethyluric acid and 1-methylxanthine, could be studied further as potential biomarkers for caffeine dietary intake.
Contamination of fish in the Great Lakes generated three surveys assessing polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) serum concentration in Michigan anglers: 1973 to 1974, 1979 to 1982, and 1989 to 1991. This cohort provided 1177 individuals with PCB determinations. In 2000, we conducted telephone interviews with parents on their children's birth characteristics. We estimated the sex odds ratio for parental PCB and dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene concentrations using generalized estimation equations. We identified 208 offspring, within 101 families, born after 1963, with paternal measurements of both PCB and dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene. When controlling for maternal exposure and parental dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene, the sex odds ratio was increased if paternal PCB concentrations exceeded 8.1 micrograms/L (sex ratio, 2.29; 95% confidence interval, 1.11 to 4.74). Thus, paternal exposure was linked to a higher proportion of male offspring. These findings are opposite those reported for the Seveso study and are in accordance with those for dioxin exposure in the American veterans study.
BACKGROUND: Pyridinoline (PYD) and deoxypyridinoline (DPD) are two of the most extensively characterized biochemical bone markers, but the interpretation of results is hampered by biologic and other preanalytical variability. We reviewed factors contributing to preanalytical variation of pyridinium cross-links in urine. METHODS: We searched four databases for English-language reports on PYD and/or DPD in urine. Searches were restricted to humans, except for studies of stability, when the search was expanded to other species. The 599 identified articles were supplemented with references from those articles and with articles known to the authors. RESULTS: The mean reported within-day variability was 71% for PYD (range, 57-78%) and 67% for DPD (range, 53-75%). The mean interday variability was 16% for both DPD and PYD (range for PYD, 12-21%; range for DPD, 5-24%). The mean intersubject variabilities across studies were 26% for PYD (range, 12-63%) and 34% for DPD (range, 8-98%) for healthy premenopausal women and 36% (range, 22-61%) and 40%, (range, 27-54%) for postmenopausal women, respectively. Specimen instability and errors in creatinine measurements were additional sources of variability. CONCLUSIONS: Intra- and intersubject variability can be reduced by collecting specimens at a specific time of the day and by maintaining similar patient status at each specimen collection regarding factors such as medications and dietary supplements. 
BACKGROUND: Measurements of dietary intake in obese and overweight populations are often inaccurate because food intakes are underestimated. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the validity of the combined use of observer-recorded weighed-food records and 24-h snack recalls in estimating energy intakes in overweight and obese individuals. DESIGN: Subjects were 32 healthy women and 22 healthy men with mean body mass indexes (in kg/m(2)) of 29.5 and 30.3, respectively. Energy intake (EI) was measured over 2 wk in a university cafeteria. No restrictions were made on meal frequency or EI. To document food consumed outside the cafeteria, 24-h snack recalls were conducted before meals. Energy expenditure (EE) was measured with the doubly labeled water (DLW) method (EE(DLW)). Energy balance was determined by measuring body weight at the beginning and end of the 2-wk period. RESULTS: The mean EI in the women (10.40 +/- 1.94 MJ/d) and men (14.37 +/- 3.21 MJ/d) was not significantly lower than the EE(DLW) in the women (10.86 +/- 1.76 MJ/d) and men (14.14 +/- 2.83 MJ/d). The mean EI represented 96.9 +/- 17.0% and 103 +/- 18.9% of the measured EE for women and men, respectively. There were no significant changes in weight in the group as a whole or by sex at the end of the testing period; the men lost 0.23 +/- 1.58 kg and the women lost 0.25 +/- 1.09 kg. CONCLUSION: The combination of observer-recorded food records and 24-h snack recalls is a valid method for measuring EI in overweight and obese individuals. 
The objective of this study was to identify the optimal timing of sampling during the menstrual cycle for assessment of interindividual variation in exposure to endogenous sex hormones, including estradiol, progesterone, and the free androgen index. Twenty-four healthy premenopausal women with regular periods were recruited, and alternate day venous blood samples were taken in the morning throughout one menstrual cycle. Spearman rank correlation coefficients were calculated for the estimates of average hormone levels (based on area under the curve) over one menstrual cycle against values on single days within that cycle. Days within the menstrual cycle were identified that provided the best assessment of interindividual differences. The most consistent correlation for estradiol was seen between days 9 and 11 (e.g., r = 0.53 and P = 0.01, day 10), the most consistent correlation for progesterone was seen between days 17 and 21 (e.g., r = 0.80 and P < 0.001, day 20), and the most consistent correlation for free androgen index was seen between days 12 and 15 (e.g., r = 0.90 and P < 0.001, day 15). Post hoc analysis of estradiol and progesterone levels on days counted back from the start of the next menstrual cycle identified marginally stronger associations. On repeat hormone measurements (not done for progesterone) on days 10 and 15, two to five menstrual cycles later, correlation coefficients with the original hormone levels remained reasonable (> or =0.55) for most. In conclusion, a reasonable characterization of interindividual differences in premenopausal estradiol, androgen, and progesterone levels may be achieved with single blood samples taken on specific days. This provides a useful approach for future epidemiological studies.
OBJECTIVES: Dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene (DDE) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB), toxic contaminants known to be persistent in the environment, may affect growth. We investigated whether growth from birth to 10 years of age is associated with blood concentrations of DDE and PCB taken at 8 years of age. STUDY DESIGN: We ambispectively followed up a cohort of 343 German children. DDE and PCB blood concentrations were determined in 1995. Height measurements were conducted prospectively between 1994 and 1997 and obtained retrospectively from each Child's Health Card. Linear regression models for repeated measurements, controlling for confounding factors, were applied. RESULTS: Growth was significantly reduced by an average of 1.8 cm (P <.0275) for girls in the highest DDE concentration quartile (>.44 microg/L in whole blood) compared with girls in the lowest quartile (0.08-0.2 microg/L). There was no observed growth effect of DDE in boys. PCB blood concentrations were not related to growth reduction in either girls or boys. CONCLUSIONS: Background level concentrations to DDE, but not PCB, during childhood are associated with a small reduction in growth for girls evident through the age of 8 years. The observed differences narrow at the year 9 examination and disappear at the year 10 examination. No effects on boys' heights were observed. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitous environmental contaminants and complete carcinogens in rodents. Metabolism of lower chlorinated congeners with rat liver microsomes was investigated in earlier studies and DNA adduction was also reported. The current study was designed to compare DNA adducts formed after bioactivation of PCBs with rat, mouse and human hepatic microsomes, and to investigate the role of quinoid PCB metabolites in DNA adduct formation. Eight congeners ranging from mono- to hexachlorinated biphenyls were tested. Metabolites obtained through microsomal bioactivation as well as synthetic quinoid metabolites of 4-monochlorobiphenyl (4-CB) were incubated with calf-thymus DNA (CT-DNA), and the resulting adducts were analyzed by the 32P-post-labelling method. DNA adducts were formed with mono- di- and tri-chlorinated congeners, but not with higher chlorinated congeners. Similar adduct patterns were observed for 2-monochlorobiphenyl (2-CB) activated with hepatic microsomes from rat, mouse and human, while 4-CB, 3,4-dichlorobiphenyl (3,4-CB) and 3,4,5-trichlorobiphenyl (3,4,5-CB) showed similar patterns for two out of the three microsomal systems tested. 4,4' -trichlorobiphenyl (4,4' -CB) showed different adduct patterns in all microsomal systems. Higher adduct levels were obtained with the rodent microsomes compared with human microsomes and were related to higher cytochrome P450 activity. When adducts derived from microsomal activation of 4-CB were compared by co-chromatography with those derived from the incubation of DNA with synthetic 2-(4' -chlorophenyl)-1,4-benzoquinone (4-BQ), one adduct co-migrated in three different chromatography systems. This study demonstrates that rodents as well as human hepatic enzymes metabolize lower chlorinated biphenyl congeners to reactive intermediates that form DNA adducts in vitro and shows that the para-quinone metabolites of PCBs are, in part, involved in direct DNA adduction.
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine whether any differences existed between specific admission variables and uremic status in patients with chronic renal failure receiving dialysis. DESIGN AND SETTING: This was a prospective, observational study conducted at BryanLGH Medical Center East Campus in Lincoln, Nebraska. PATIENTS: The subjects were hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis patients admitted to an acute care facility, who met the following inclusion criteria: (1) they had a primary or secondary underlying diagnosis of chronic renal failure, and (2) they were not receiving parenteral or enteral tube feeding nutritional support on admission. INTERVENTION: The patients were separated into 2 groups by their blood urea nitrogen (BUN) concentrations. Group 1 had a BUN concentration less than 50 and group 2 had a BUN concentration greater than or equal to 50. Admission data (age, sex, percentage of ideal body weight, reported retrospective weight loss over time, type of dialysis, gastrointestinal history, BUN and creatinine concentrations, and dietary prescription) were collected from patient medical records. Two-day kilocalorie and protein counts were conducted on the patients within 24 hours of admission to the acute care facility. Chi-square and 1-way analysis of variance were performed to compare the groups. RESULTS: The total number of participants in the study was 42, with 21 in each BUN group. The mean age was 60 years, and the dietary intake was a mean of 10 kcal/kg and 0.4 g protein/kg. Only 14.3% and 7.1% of the patients met their kcal and protein needs, respectively. The mean percentage ideal body weight was 125 and the mean reported weight loss per week was 2.6 pounds. Gastrointestinal symptoms, specifically nausea and a kilocalorie-restricted diet prescription, were significantly different between the 2 groups. Patients in group 2 were more likely to have gastrointestinal symptoms overall (P < .05) specifically, nausea (P <.05). Group 1 patients were also more frequently placed on a kilocalorie-restricted diet (P < .05) than patients in group 2. CONCLUSIONS: A BUN concentration between 50 and 110 has been shown to be associated with a lower risk of death and a better nutritional status. These findings indicate symptoms commonly associated with uremia, such as nausea, may be associated with the dialysis patient's nutritional status when BUN concentrations are greater than 50. These dialysis patients were not receiving sufficient kilocalories and protein on admission into the hospital, and this can affect their nutritional and, eventually, survival status. 
Topoisomerase I (top1) relieves supercoiling in DNA by forming transient covalent cleavage complexes. These cleavage complexes can accumulate in the presence of damaged DNA or anticancer drugs that either intercalate or lie in the minor groove. Recently we reported that covalent diol epoxide (DE) adducts of benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) at the exocyclic amino group of G(+1) block cleavage at a preferred cleavage site ( approximately CTT-G(+1)G(+2)A approximately ) and cause accumulation of cleavage products at remote sites. In the present study, we have found that the 10S G(+2) adduct of BaP DE, which lies toward the scissile bond in the minor groove, blocks normal cleavage, whereas the 10R isomer, which orients away from this bond, allows normal cleavage but blocks religation. In contrast to BaP, the pair of benzo[c] phenanthrene (BcPh) DE adducts at G(+2), which intercalate from the minor groove either between G(+1)/G(+2) or between G(+2)/A, allow normal cleavage but block religation. Both intercalated BcPh DE adducts at G(+1) suppress normal cleavage, as do both groove bound BaP DE adducts at this position. These studies demonstrate that these DE adducts provide a novel set of tools to study DNA topoisomerases and emphasize the importance of contacts between the minor groove and top1's catalytic site.
The inability to accurately assess exposure has been one of the major shortcomings of epidemiologic studies of disinfection by-products (DBPs) in drinking water. A number of contributing factors include a) limited information on the identity, occurrence, toxicity, and pharmacokinetics of the many DBPs that can be formed from chlorine, chloramine, ozone, and chlorine dioxide disinfection; b) the complex chemical interrelationships between DBPs and other parameters within a municipal water distribution system; and c) difficulties obtaining accurate and reliable information on personal activity and water consumption patterns. In May 2000, an international workshop was held to bring together various disciplines to develop better approaches for measuring DBP exposure for epidemiologic studies. The workshop reached consensus about the clear need to involve relevant disciplines (e.g., chemists, engineers, toxicologists, biostatisticians and epidemiologists) as partners in developing epidemiologic studies of DBPs in drinking water. The workshop concluded that greater collaboration of epidemiologists with water utilities and regulators should be encouraged in order to make regulatory monitoring data more useful for epidemiologic studies. Similarly, exposure classification categories in epidemiologic studies should be chosen to make results useful for regulatory or policy decision making.
Previous data from our laboratory indicated that the drinking water disinfection by-product, dibromoacetic acid (DBA), when applied in vitro to rat preovulatory follicles at a concentration consistent with blood levels found to disrupt estrous cyclicity, was able to block the stimulated secretion of progesterone. The present experiments focused on establishing a dose-response for such an effect and identifying the point(s)of impact of this compound along the steroidogenic pathway that underlie this suppression. Immature Sprague-Dawley rats were primed with PMSG on day 26 and killed 48 h later. Preovulatory follicles were removed and paired in culture with or without DBA (2-50 microg/ml) to reassess progesterone secretion under hCG-stimulated or baseline conditions. In addition, media supplemented with pregnenolone or 22(R)-hydroxycholesterol (22R-HC) were used to determine the effects of 50 microg/ml DBA on the initial steps leading to progesterone synthesis. Samples taken over the course of 24 h reaffirmed a significant DBA-associated suppression in baseline and stimulated progesterone release, while estradiol secretion was unaffected. This effect was mirrored by a reduction in follicular progesterone content in these DBA groups. The addition of pregnenolone eliminated this decrease, with the DBA-exposed follicles exhibiting a linear increase in progesterone release over the sampling period. The follicular progesterone content at 24 h showed that DBA treatment under pregnenolone supplementation caused marked elevations under both the hCG stimulated and non-stimulated conditions, something not reflected in the release data. Substitution of 22R-HC for pregnenolone eliminated the effect on baseline progesterone release, although the attenuation in stimulated secretion was still present. This suggests both an effect of DBA exposure on mitochondrial cholesterol transport by steroidogenic acute regulatory protein (StAR) and a possible impact on the receptor or postreceptor events triggered by hCG.
Although plasma carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) is considered a viable biochemical marker for chronic alcohol consumption, it is valid only when an individual's daily alcohol consumption exceeds 60 g. In addition, it is less sensitive in women drinkers than in men drinkers. We have established that chronic alcohol consumption impairs the hepatic sialylation of a number of glycoproteins by specifically down-regulating Gal-beta-1,4GlcNAc alpha2,6-sialyltransferase mRNA. Significantly, we found that chronic ethanol consumption markedly inhibits hepatic sialylation of apolipoprotein J (Apo J), a 70-kDa N-glycosylated protein of plasma HDL. Because the sialic-acid index of Apo J (SIJ; moles of sialic acid per mole of Apo J protein) is approximately seven times more than that for transferrin (28 vs. 4), we have evaluated whether plasma SIJ would be an even more sensitive marker for chronic ethanol consumption than CDT in both rats and human subjects. The method involves immunoaffinity purification of plasma HDL-Apo J, followed by its sialic acid determination. We have found that chronic ethanol feeding resulted in loss of sialic acid residues of plasma HDL-Apo J in rats. This loss of sialic acid was positively correlated with both amount and duration of ethanol treatment. In human subjects, an intake of about 60 g of alcohol for 30 days led to almost 50% (P <.01) depletion of sialic acid from plasma HDL-Apo J. Further, we established that there was a positive correlation of alteration in SIJ with alcohol consumption, detoxification, abstinence, and relapse in human alcohol-dependent patients (sensitivity, 90%-92%). In addition, plasma SIJ was decreased by 50%-57% (P <.01) in both male and female alcohol-dependent subjects. We suggest that plasma SIJ can be used as a viable marker for early detection of chronic alcohol consumption in human beings.
The Spanish and Portuguese working group (GEP) of international society for forensic genetics (ISFG) 1999-2000 collaborative exercise on mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) included the analysis of four bloodstain samples and one hair shaft sample by 19 participating laboratories from Spain, Portugal and several Latin-American countries. A wide range of sequence results at position 16,093 of the HV1 (from T or C homoplasmy to different levels of heteroplasmy) were submitted by the different participating laboratories from the hair shaft sample during the first phase of this exercise. During the discussion of these results in the Annual GEP-ISFG 2000 Conference a second phase of this exercise was established with two main objectives: (i) to evaluate the incidence of the HV1 sequence heteroplasmy detected in Phase I across different sample types from the same donor including blood, saliva, and hair shafts, (ii) to perform a technical review of the electropherograms to evaluate the relative levels of heteroplasmies obtained by the different laboratories and also to examine the source of possible errors detected in Phase I. Anonymous review of the raw sequence data permitted the detection of three transcription errors and three errors due to methodological problems. Highly variable levels of heteroplasmy were found in the hair shaft and more stability in blood and saliva. Three laboratories found variable levels of heteroplasmy at position 16,093 across adjacent fragments from the same hair shaft. Two laboratories also described more than one heteroplasmic position from a single hair. The relevance of these findings for the interpretation of mtDNA data in the forensic context is also discussed.
BACKGROUND: Recent prospective data suggest that intake of rapidly digested and absorbed carbohydrates with a high dietary glycemic load is associated with an increased risk of ischemic heart disease. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether a high dietary glycemic load was associated with elevated hs-CRP concentrations and whether this association was modified by body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)). DESIGN: In 244 apparently healthy women, we measured plasma hs-CRP concentrations and determined average dietary glycemic loads with a validated semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Using multiple regression models, we evaluated the association between dietary glycemic load and plasma hs-CRP after adjusting for age; treatment status; smoking status; BMI; physical activity level; parental history of myocardial infarction; history of hypertension, diabetes, and high cholesterol; postmenopausal hormone use; alcohol intake; and other dietary variables. RESULTS: We found a strong and statistically significant positive association between dietary glycemic load and plasma hs-CRP. The median hs-CRP concentration for the lowest quintile of dietary glycemic load was 1.9 mg/L and for the highest quintile was 3.7 mg/L; corresponding multivariate-adjusted geometric means were 1.4 and 3.8 mg/L, respectively (P for trend < 0.01). This association was significantly modified by BMI. Among women with a BMI greater-than-or-equal 25, the multivariate-adjusted geometric mean hs-CRP concentration in the lowest quintile was 1.6 mg/L and in the highest quintile was 5.0 mg/L; however, among women with a BMI < 25, the corresponding means were 1.1 and 3.1 mg/L, respectively (P = 0.01 for interaction). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary glycemic load is significantly and positively associated with plasma hs-CRP in healthy middle-aged women, independent of conventional risk factors for ischemic heart disease. Exacerbation of the proinflammatory process may be a mechanism whereby a high intake of rapidly digested and absorbed carbohydrates increases the risk of ischemic heart disease, especially in overweight women prone to insulin resistance. 
The presence or degree of haemodynamic impairment due to occlusive cerebrovascular disease is often inferred from measurements of cerebral blood flow (CBF), cerebral blood volume (CBV), oxygen extraction fraction (OEF) and the cerebral rate for oxygen metabolism (CMRO2). However, the relationship of these variables, in particular CBV, to regional cerebral haemodynamics is not clearly established in humans with subacute or chronic disease. In the present study, we investigated the relationship of CBV to OEF, CBF and CMRO2, and to subsequent stroke risk in patients with unilateral carotid artery occlusion, in order to define better the associated haemodynamic and metabolic changes. We reviewed data from 81 patients with symptomatic carotid occlusion enrolled in a prospective study of haemodynamic factors and stroke risk. Measurements of CBV, CBF, OEF and CMRO2 were made on entry using PET. Patients were divided into groups by hemispheric ratios and absolute ipsilateral values of OEF and CBV, based on comparison with normal controls. Haemodynamic and metabolic values, risk factors and stroke risk were compared between groups. Based on hemispheric ratios, 45 patients had increased ipsilateral OEF; CBV was increased in 19 of these 45 patients. No differences in CBF, CMRO2 or clinical risk factors were found between these 19 patients and the remaining 26 patients with increased OEF and normal or reduced CBV. Thirteen ipsilateral strokes occurred during follow-up, and 10 of the 13 occurred in the 19 patients with increased OEF and CBV (log rank P < 0.0001). Thirty-two of the 68 patients with complete quantitative PET data had increased OEF by absolute ipsilateral values. CBV was increased in 20 of the 32 patients. No differences in CBF, CMRO2 or clinical risk factors were found between these 20 patients and the remaining 12 patients with increased OEF and normal CBV. Seven of the nine ipsilateral strokes that occurred in the 68 patients occurred in those 20 patients with increased OEF and increased CBV (log rank P = 0.003). The higher risk of ischaemic stroke in patients with increased OEF and CBV suggests that their degree of haemodynamic compromise is more severe than those with increased OEF and normal CBV. In patients with chronic carotid occlusion and increased OEF, increased CBV may indicate pronounced vasodilation due to exhausted autoregulatory vasodilation. The physiological explanation for the measurement of normal CBV in patients with increased OEF is less certain and may reflect preserved autoregulatory capacity.
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) with possible hormone-disrupting effects is capable of affecting sexual differentiation in boys at the age of puberty. DESIGN: Following analysis for PCB in their umbilical cords, 196 boys from a Faroese birth cohort were examined for the development of puberty at 14 years of age. METHODS: Physical examination included determination of Tanner stages and testicular size. A morning urine sample was centrifuged and examined for the presence of sperm. Serum was analyzed for sex hormones. RESULTS: twenty boys (10.2%) had abnormalities in testicular development, mainly cryptorchidism. only three of them had a positive spermaturia test, but the level of exposure to pcbs in this group had not been increased. occurrence of spermaturia in 58 of the remaining 176 boys was also not associated with pcb exposure but showed highly significant associations with tanner stages and testicular size. serum concentrations of testosterone, fsh and lh were higher in boys with spermaturia, while sex hormone-binding globulin was lower and no difference occurred in inhibin b. serum hormone parameters showed only weak associations with the level of prenatal pcb exposure. CONCLUSIONS: These findings support the validity of spermaturia as a useful indicator of puberty, although a substantial rate of false negatives must be taken into account. Despite the wide range of exposure to PCB, the findings did not reveal any definite associations with the development of puberty. However, because of the limited size of the cohort, small effects cannot be excluded. 
Ethyl glucuronide (EtG) is a non-volatile, water-soluble metabolite of ethanol, with a high storage stability. It can be detected in body fluids, tissues, sweat and hair for an extended time period after the elimination of ethanol from the body. EtG closes the gap between short-term markers for alcohol consumption such as ethanol or methanol and long-term markers for alcohol misuse such as GGT, MCV and CDT. Due to its specific time-frame of detection and its high sensitivity and specificity, EtG is a promising marker for alcohol consumption and for relapse control that enables the therapist to intervene at an early stage of relapsing behaviour. The aim of this review is to give an overview of analytical techniques for the detection of EtG, its clinical use and remaining questions.
Serum and urinary assays of bone markers provide a noninvasive alternative to bone biopsy in the study of bone metabolism in humans. Many of the commercial assays that were originally developed for use in humans have been shown to cross-react in dogs, and it should therefore be possible to use these assays to study bone remodeling in dogs. The interpretation of bone marker data in humans is hampered by extensive inter- and intra-subject variability. The specific aim of this study was therefore to determine the extent of biological variability in bone markers in dogs. Serum and urine samples were collected every 4 hours over a 24-hour period (short-term study), and every week over a 12-week period (long-term study). Serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BALP) and urinary deoxypyridinoline (Dpd) and N-terminal telopeptide of collagen (NTx) were measured with commercial enzyme immunoassays. Serum osteocalcin (OC) and carboxyterminal crosslinked telopeptide of type I collagen (ICTP) were measured with commercial radioimmunoassays. In the short-term study, statistically significant diurnal rhythms were identified for OC, BALP, ICTP, and Dpd. No clear rhythm was evident for NTx. There was no evidence of statistically significant long-term variability in marker excretion over the 12 weeks. Our findings confirm the utility of these assays in dogs. However, as in humans, care must be taken to ensure that specimens are collected at a consistent time of day. Moreover, given the inherent variability in marker excretion in individual animals, the most appropriate use for these assays is as a screening tool for cohort studies, rather than as a diagnostic or prognostic tool in the individual animal.
OBJECTIVE: Due to rapid economic development over the past four decades, urinary stone components may have changed in Taiwan. We studied the changes in urinary stone components over time and the possible association with dietary changes during the same period. MATERIALS AND METHODS: From 1956 to 1999, 9,715 urinary calculi were collected at a single institution and analyzed using polarizing microscopy. Dietary information was obtained from an official national report. Linear regression was used to analyze the possible correlation between the change in stone components with daily consumption of animal protein, vegetable protein, and lipid. RESULTS: Eleven distinct components were identified. Calcium oxalate (Jensen type I stone; found in sterile, acidic urine) was found most frequently (87.3%), and its incidence increased gradually with time. However, the incidence of Jensen type III stone (caused by metabolic abnormality) gradually decreased from 1956 to 1999. The male to female ratio among subjects was 2.3:1, and the modal age was in the forties. Female patients were more likely to suffer from type II stones (found in infected, alkaline urine), whereas type I and III stones were more prevalent in males. Among the dietary components, consumption of animal and vegetable proteins and lipid increased significantly during the same period, and appeared to be coincident with the increased incidence of type I stones during the study period. CONCLUSIONS: Patterns of urinary tract stones in Taiwan have progressively changed in the past four decades and are now similar to those in western populations. The incidence of type I stones has increased during the past four decades, which may reflect the Westernization of dietary habits in Taiwanese during the same period. 
BACKGROUND: This issue of the relationship between animal protein intake and blood pressure (BP) is unsolved. We examined the associations between urinary 3-methylhistidine (3MH) excretion (a biological marker of animal protein intake) and BP in 11 Chinese population samples (Urumqi, Altai, Lhasa, Tulufan, Hetian, Guiyang, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Beijing, Shijiazhuang and Taipei). METHODS: This was a multi-centre cross-sectional study. In each centre, 100 men and 100 women aged 48-56 years were selected randomly from the general population. 3-methylhistidine in 24-hour (24-h) urine collections was measured by an Amino Acid Analyzer (Hitachi 835, Ibaragi, Japan). The total study sample included 966 men and 1025 women. Subjects who failed to collect complete 24-h urine samples were excluded in data analyses regarding associations between 3MH and BP. RESULTS: The results showed that: (1) for within-centre analyses of individuals, the 3MH and 3MH to creatinine ratios (3MH:cre) were significantly and negatively associated with BP and hypertension. These associations remained significant after adjustment for age, sex, sodium to potassium ratio, body mass index, calcium and magnesium. The pooled regression coefficients (SE) of systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) on 3MH were -0.020 (0.01) and -0.018 (0.01), and of SBP and DBP on 3MH:cre were -0.022 (0.01) and -0.016 (0.01), respectively. Subjects with lower 3MH excretion had higher relative risks of hypertension than those who had higher 3MH excretion. (2) In cross-centre analyses, mean SBP and DBP were significantly and negatively associated with the mean 3MH:cre across the 11 population samples (R(2) = 0.56, P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: The results provide strong evidence that animal protein intake is associated inversely with BP in Chinese populations. 
The availability of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids during infancy has been related to neonatal growth and development. Fatty acid concentration at birth is an important predictor of postnatal level. The primary aim of this study was to provide a description of the distribution of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the plasma phospholipid fraction of pregnant women remaining on a Western-style diet and their neonates. The plasma phospholipid polyunsaturated fatty acid composition was determined by gas-liquid chromatography in 889 mother-infant pairs. Blood samples were taken during the first, second and third trimester of pregnancy, at delivery, and from the umbilical vein at birth. Mean (+/- SD) fatty acid concentrations are reported in mg/l and as percentage of total fatty acids (% wt/wt). In addition, the 10th, 25th, 50th, 75th and 90th percentiles are given. The distribution of docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) and arachidonic acid (20:4n-6) concentrations in umbilical plasma phospholipids is also reported as a function of gestational age and maternal linoleic acid intake during pregnancy. This data can be be used as a reference for future studies and may aid in identifying term infants with a relatively low long-chain polyene status at birth.
Heterocyclic amines produced from overcooked foods are extremely mutagenic in numerous in vitro and in vivo test systems. One of these mutagens, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), induces breast tumors in rats and has been implicated in dietary epidemiology studies as raising the risk of breast cancer in humans. Efforts in our laboratory and others have centered on defining the exposure to PhIP and other dietary mutagens derived from cooked food. We accomplish this by analyzing the foods with a series of solid-phase extractions and HPLC. We have developed an LC/MS/MS method to analyze the four major human PhIP metabolites (sulfates and glucuronides) following a single meal containing 27 microg of cooking-produced PhIP in 200 g of grilled meat. Although the intake of PhIP was similar for each of eight women, the total amount excreted in the urine and the metabolite profiles differed among the subjects. It appears that adsorption (digestion) from the meat matrix, other foods in the diet, and genetic differences in metabolism may contribute to the variation. The four major metabolites that can be routinely assayed in the urine are N(2)-OH-PhIP-N(2)-glucuronide, PhIP-N(2)-glucuronide, 4'-PhIP-glucuronide, and N(2)-OH-PhIP-N3-glucuronide. This work is suited to investigate individual exposure and risk, especially for breast cancer, from these potent dietary mutagens.
The association between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG) levels, as an internal measure of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure, and glycophorin A (GPA) mutation frequency, as an early biologic effect indicator, was determined to establish whether genetic polymorphisms of glutathione S-transferase (GST) isoforms GSTM1 and GSTT1 play a role. Eighty-one workers including 38 employees directly involved in incinerating industry wastes were recruited from a company located in South Korea. Urinary 1-OHPG levels were measured by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy after immunoaffinity purification using monoclonal antibody 8E11. Erythrocyte GPA variant frequency (NN or NO) was assessed in MN heterozygotes with a flow cytometric assay. The GSTM1 and GSTT1 genotypes were assessed by a multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method. Urinary 1-OHPG levels were higher in workers handling industrial wastes than in those with presumed lower exposure to PAHs. An increase was seen in GPA variant frequency levels with increase in urinary 1-OHPG levels. When this association was evaluated by GSTM1 genotype status, the association between GPA mutation and urinary 1-OHPG levels was stronger in individuals with GSTM1 genotype. These results suggest that the association between urinary 1-OHPG and GPA mutation might be modulated by the GSTM1 genotype.
HCC is a common cancer and HBV and AFB(1) are well-documented, major risk factors. Epidemiologic studies have documented that cigarette smoking also contributes to the development of HCC. PAHs are ubiquitous environmental pollutants and products of incomplete combustion. They are present in both mainstream and sidestream cigarette smoke. PAHs are metabolically activated by phase I enzymes, including CYP1A1, into electrophilic reactants (diol epoxides), which covalently bind to DNA to form adducts. Diol epoxides are also substrates for phase II detoxifying enzymes, including GSTM and GSTP. To examine the association between PAH-DNA adducts and HCC, adduct levels were determined in liver tissue by relative staining intensity with an immunoperoxidase method using a polyclonal antiserum against BPDE-modified DNA. Subjects were also genotyped for polymorphism in several genes involved in the metabolism of PAH, including GSTM1 and GSTP1. Liver tissue was collected from patients with histologically confirmed HCC (n = 105) and from non-HCC controls (n = 37). There was a significant positive correlation (r = 0.3, p < 0.01) between adducts in tumor and adjacent nontumor tissues among HCC cases. The risk of HCC was higher after adjustment for age, sex and HBsAg in the group with the highest tertile tissue levels of PAH-DNA adducts (mean relative nuclear staining intensity of tumor and nontumor tissue > 344) than in the group with the lowest tertile (staining < 241, OR = 3.9, 95% CI = 1.0-14.9). Among non-HCC controls, there were no significant associations between adduct levels and cigarette smoking, GSTM1 null genotype and HBsAg positivity. A strikingly increased HCC risk was observed (OR = 20.3, 95% CI = 5.0-81.8) among HBsAg-positive subjects whose PAH-DNA adduct levels were high (mean relative nuclear staining intensity of tumor and nontumor tissue > 301, median of control tissues) compared to HBsAg-negative subjects who had low PAH-DNA adduct levels. 4-ABP- and AFB(1)-DNA adducts had been measured previously in these same tissues. Subjects with elevated DNA adduct levels of PAH, 4-ABP and AFB(1) had a significantly higher HCC risk with an OR of 36.7 (95% CI 7.2-187.2) compared to those who had low DNA adduct levels. These results suggest that PAHs may play a role in human hepatocarcinogenesis in conjunction with HBsAg carrier status, GSTM1 and GSTP1 genotypes and exposure to 4-ABP and AFB(1).
In order to evaluate the health status of fish inhabiting Port Phillip Bay, Australia, southern sand flathead (Platycephalus hassensis, N = 133) were collected at six stations throughout the Bay. Fish had a similar serum sorbitol dehydrogenase (SDH) activity level (p = 0.12), indicating that they were not experiencing hepatocellular injuries. Ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity was generally lower in the non-urbanized and non-industrialized southern part of the Bay. The highest EROD activity was observed in Hobson Bay, the closest station from Melbourne city. Naphthalene-type biliary metabolites were also highest in Hobson Bay with intermediate levels found in Corio Bay where refineries are present. An opposite trend was observed with the pyrene-type bile metabolites, the highest levels being observed in Corio Bay while intermediate levels were found in Hobson Bay. The ratio of naphthalene-type to benzo(a)pyrene (B(a)P)-type metabolites indicate that relatively to other sites sampled in Port Phillip Bay, Corio Bay is subjected to enriched petroleum hydrocarbons of pyrolytic origin. Temporal trends indicate that the availability of xenobiotics to fish remained unchanged over the 1990s.
This study investigated the hypothesis that the reduced food intake and poor weight gain in zinc deficient rats is due to: increased plasma leptin concentration, increased physical activity and/or increased metabolic rate. Weanling rats were assigned to three groups: controls fed ad libitum (C), zinc deficient (ZD), and pair-fed controls (PF), and tested in a metabolic chamber and activity monitor at baseline and weekly for four weeks. At the end of the study, all groups were compared for differences in plasma leptin concentrations. ZD and PF animals had markedly reduced food intake and weight gain. ZD had reduced stereotypic and locomotor activity compared to PF animals and both groups demonstrated an abolished peri-nocturnal activity spike and were much less active than controls. This was associated with a reduced total metabolic rate by day 30: ZD (0.73 +/- 0.07 kcal/hr, p = 0.0001) and PF (0.83 +/- 0.06 kcal/hr, p = 0.0001) groups vs. controls (1.82 +/- 0.09 kcal/hr). Plasma leptin concentrations in ZD (1.55 +/- 0.06 &mgr;g/L) were lower than controls (2.01 +/- 0.18 &mgr;g/L, p < 0.03), but neither ZD nor controls were statistically different from PF (1.68 +/- 0.05 &mgr;g/L). Both low leptin concentrations and low metabolic rates in the ZD and PF rats were associated with decreased food intake rather than zinc deficiency. The reduced food intake and poor weight gain observed in zinc deficient rats could not be explained by elevated leptin concentrations, hypermetabolism, or increased activity. Low serum leptin concentrations, hypometabolism, and decreased activity are more likely the result of the anorexia of zinc deficiency.
The presence of dioxins, dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human tissue, food, and environmental samples from Russia has been monitored since 1988 as part of a research collaboration between a number of countries including Finland, the United States, Germany, the former Soviet Union, and Canada. Although elevated TCDD and PnCDD levels have previously been found in blood of male and female Russian chemical manufacturing workers and in their children, dioxin levels in the general population have usually been found to be lower than in Americans and Europeans. This study continues earlier work in the Irkutsk region of Russian Siberia, where we report levels of dioxin, dibenzofurans, and PCBs in human milk samples taken from general population women living in the industrialized cities of Angarsk and Usolye-Sibirskoye, near Lake Baikal. Total polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) toxic equivalents (TEQs) compared in this paper for the industrialized regions of Siberia, Ukraine, and the US are similar, ranging from 6.1 to 7 parts per trillion (ppt). Recent 1998 milk samples from Angarsk and Usolye-Sibirskoye have total mean polychlorinated dibenzofuran (PCDF) TEQs of 10 and 21.7 ppt, respectively, with the other industrialized countries ranging from 2.3 to 6.7 ppt. Although dioxin-like PCBs were not measured for the city of Usolye-Sibirskoye (1998), total mean PCDD/F TEQ from Angarsk and Usolye-Sibirskoye (1998) were the two highest levels in this study, with 26.9 and 28.5 ppt, respectively, followed by 1993-1994 Ukraine samples with 24 ppt, 1989 Siberian samples with 13.6 ppt, and 1996 USA with 11.4 ppt total TEQ. In this study, higher levels of dioxins are noted in milk from Angarsk and Usolye-Sibirskoye than found in earlier Russian studies, with mean levels also exceeding 1996 and 1999 US breast milk dioxin levels.
An analytical method was developed to determine quantitatively 1-hydroxypyrene (OHP) in bovine urine samples. The procedure includes an enzymatic hydrolysis to cleave the conjugated metabolite, an enrichment step using solid phase extraction with a non-polar rinse step and elution with dichloromethane. A final clean-up on silicagel was performed before high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis and fluorescence detection. Alternatively, HPLC and electrospray ionization in the negative ion mode applying selective ion monitoring acquisition revealed to be a highly sensitive detection method allowing the quantitation of low pg of OHP in the urine samples. The method was successfully applied to the determination of OHP in bovine urine samples from animals living in urban and rural areas. Urine concentrations of OHP were significantly higher (median 8.6 microg l(-1)) of bovines living close to a highway.
This study investigates exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and tetrabromobisphenol A (TBBPA), which are used as flame retardants in electronic equipment, in a group of technicians with intense computer work. Thirteen PBDE congeners and TBBPA were quantified in serum from 19 computer technicians. Previously investigated groups of hospital cleaners with no computer experience, and clerks working full-time at computer screens were used for comparison. The computer technicians had serum concentrations of BDE-153, BDE-183 and BDE-209 that were five times higher than those reported among hospital cleaners and computer clerks. The median levels observed among the computer technicians were 4.1, 1.3, and 1.6 pmol/g lipid weight, respectively. In contrast, for BDE-47 there was no difference between the computer technicians and the others. BDE-100, BDE-203, and three structurally unidentified octa-BDEs and three nona-BDEs, were present in almost all samples from the computer technicians. Further, TBBPA was detected in 8 out of 10 samples. The levels of BDE-153, BDE-183, and one of the octa-BDEs were positively correlated with duration of computer work among technicians. On a group level an exposure gradient was observed, from the least exposed cleaners to the clerks, and to the highest exposed group of computer technicians. A dose (duration of computer work)-response relationship among computer technicians was demonstrated for some higher brominated PBDE congeners. Thus, it is evident that PBDEs used in computers and electronics, including the fully brominated BDE-209, contaminate the work environment and accumulate in the workers tissues.
One bottle of Yusho rice oil was obtained from a Yusho family in 1998. The levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the causal oil were investigated with two different approaches and the individual concentrations of all the 17 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDD/F and 14 coplanar PCB (Co-PCB) congeners were elucidated for the first time. The concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs were found to be 0.60 and 8.8 ppm, respectively. For PCBs, more than 130 PCB peaks were observed and a total concentration of 850 ppm including 170 ppm of Co-PCBs was obtained. The toxic equivalents (TEQs) of PCDDs, PCDFs, and Co-PCBs were calculated to be 17, 470, and 120 ppb, respectively. The relative contribution of these classes to the total TEQ in Yusho oil is 3%, 77%, and 20%, respectively, indicating that PCDFs play a major role in the toxicity of Yusho oil. Furthermore, it was confirmed that 2,3,4,7,8-penta-CDF contributes 58% to the total TEQ, supporting the view that this compound is the principal causal agent in Yusho poisoning. It is noteworthy that the most toxic 2.3,7,8-tetra-CDD was newly discovered, although it contributes only 0.1% to the total TEQ. Based on our data, the smallest TEQ intake during the latent period was estimated to be 0.067 mg for Yusho patients. This value is about 60% of that previously reported, suggesting a lower minimum threshold level for the development of the toxic symptoms of Yusho.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the reproducibility of, and to compare and calibrate, diet measures by the Northern Sweden 84-item food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with measures from 24-hour diet recalls (24-HDR). DESIGN: Randomly selected respondents from the EPIC (diet-cancer) and MONICA (diet-cardiovascular disease) study cohort in Northern Sweden were invited to answer the FFQ twice over a one-year interval (FFQ1 and FFQ2), and to complete ten 24-hour recalls (reference method) in the months between. Plasma beta-carotene concentrations were determined from a subset of 47 participants. SETTING: Vsterbotten and Norrbotten, Northern Sweden. PARTICIPANTS: Ninety-six men and 99 women, who completed the study. RESULTS: The reproducibility of the FFQ was high in terms of both mean energy and nutrient intakes and relative ranking of participants by intake levels (median Pearson correlation of 0.68). Moderately higher food intake frequencies were recorded by FFQ1 compared with 24-hour recalls for dairy products, bread/cereals, vegetables, fruits and potato/rice/pasta, whereas meat, fish, sweet snacks and alcoholic beverage intakes were lower. The median Spearman coefficient of correlation between FFQ1 and the average of ten 24-HDR measurements was 0.50. Daily energy and nutrient intakes were similar for FFQ1 and 24-HDR measurements, except for fibre, vitamin C, beta-carotene and retinol (FFQ1>24-HDR) and sucrose and cholesterol Pearson coefficients of correlation between FFQ1 and 24-HDR corrected for attenuation due to residual day-to-day variation in the 24-HDR measurements ranged from 0.36 to 0.79 (median 0.54). Adjustment for energy had only very moderate effects on the correlation estimates. Calibration coefficients estimated by linear regression of the 24-HDR on the FFQ1 measurements varied between 0.30 and 0.59 for all nutrients except alcohol, which had calibration coefficients close to 1.0. These low calibration coefficients indicate that relative risk estimates corresponding to an absolute difference in dietary intake levels measured by the FFQ will generally be biased towards 1.0. Plasma beta-carotene levels had a Pearson coefficient of correlation of 0.47 with the 24-HDR measurements, and of 0.23 with FFQ1 measurements. CONCLUSIONS: The Northern Sweden FFQ measurements have good reproducibility and an estimated level of validity similar to that of FFQ measurements in other prospective cohort studies. The results from this study will form the basis for the correction of attenuation and regression dilution biases in relative risk estimates, in future studies relating FFQ measurements to disease outcomes. 
Phthalates are ubiquitous in our modern environment because of their use in plastics and cosmetic products. Phthalate monoesters--primarily monoethylhexyl phthalate and monobutyl phthalate--are reproductive and developmental toxicants in animals. Accurate measures of phthalate exposure are needed to assess their human health effects. Phthalate monoesters have a biologic half-life of approximately 12 hr, and little is known about the temporal variability and daily reproducibility of urinary measures in humans. To explore these aspects, we measured seven phthalate monoesters and creatinine concentration in two consecutive first-morning urine specimens from 46 African-American women, ages 35-49 years, residing in the Washington, DC, area in 1996-1997. We measured phthalate monoesters using high-pressure liquid chromatography followed by tandem mass spectrometry on a triple quadrupole instrument using atmospheric pressure chemical ionization. We detected four phthalate monoesters in all subjects, with median levels of 31 ng/mL for monobenzyl phthalate (mBzP), 53 ng/mL for monobutyl phthalate (mBP), 211 ng/mL for monoethyl phthalate (mEP), and 7.3 ng/mL for monoethylhexyl phthalate (mEHP). These were similar to concentrations reported for other populations using spot urine specimens. Phthalate levels did not differ between the two sampling days. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the concentrations on the 2 days was 0.8 for mBP, 0.7 for mEHP, 0.6 for mEP, and 0.5 for mBzP. These results suggest that even with the short half-lives of phthalates, women's patterns of exposure may be sufficiently stable to assign an exposure level based on a single first morning void urine measurement.
Free radicals and other reactive species are generated in vivo and many of them can cause oxidative damage to DNA. Although there are methodological uncertainties about accurate quantitation of oxidative DNA damage, the levels of such damage that escape immediate repair and persist in DNA appear to be in the range that could contribute significantly to mutation rates in vivo. The observation that diets rich in fruits and vegetables can decrease both oxidative DNA damage and cancer incidence is consistent with this. By contrast, agents increasing oxidative DNA damage usually increase risk of cancer development. Such agents include cigarette smoke, several other carcinogens, and chronic inflammation. Rheumatoid arthritis and diabetes are accompanied by increased oxidative DNA damage but the pattern of increased cancer risk seems unusual. Other uncertainties are the location of oxidative DNA damage within the genome and the variation in rate and level of oxidative damage between different body tissues. In well-nourished human volunteers, fruits and vegetables have been shown to decrease oxidative DNA damage in several studies, but data from short-term human intervention studies suggest that the protective agents are not vitamin C, vitamin E, beta-carotene, or flavonoids.
A chemiluminescent enzyme-immunoassay for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene has been developed and optimized. The enzymatic activity of horseradish peroxidase-labeled tracer was measured with an enhanced chemiluminescent system and the results were compared with those from conventional colorimetric detection. The method fulfilled all the requirements of accuracy and precision and the detection limit was 0.001 pmol/well, which enabled analysis in less than 1 microL urine. Subjects working in the center of Bologna who were exposed daily to vehicular exhaust gas were studied. Their urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations were compared with the levels of benzo( a)pyrene in air particulate matter. Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, which ranged from 0.5 to 10 nmol L(-1), correlated poorly with the concentration of benzo( a)pyrene in air particulate matter, which ranged from 5 to 140 ng m(-3). No significant effect of vehicle exhaust gas exposure was observed among the different groups of subjects working in different areas of the town. Thus, at a relatively low level of exposure 1-hydroxypyrene does not seem to be a sensitive biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Adduct formation has been considered to be a major causal factor of DNA damage by carcinogenic heterocyclic amines. By means of experiments with an electrochemical detector coupled to a high-performance liquid chromatograph, we revealed that N-hydroxy metabolite of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b] pyridine (PhIP) induced the formation of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OH-dG) in the presence of Cu(II). Addition of an endogenous reductant NADH enhanced the 8-OH-dG formation. Experiments with (32)P-labeled DNA fragments showed that this metabolite [PhIP(NHOH)] caused 8-hydroxylation of guanines in the presence of Cu(II) and NADH, and subsequent treatment with formamidopyrimidine-DNA glycosylase led to chain cleavages at the 5'-site guanine of GG and GGG sequences. Interestingly, antioxidant enzyme SOD enhanced the intensity of DNA damage, and thymine residues were appended to its guanine-predominant cleavage sites. Catalase and bathocuproine, a Cu(I)-specific chelator, inhibited the DNA damage, suggesting the involvement of H(2)O(2) and Cu(I). A UV-visible spectroscopic study indicated that Cu(II) and SOD catalyze the autoxidation of PhIP(NHOH). These results suggest that Cu(II)-dependent autooxidation of PhIP(NHOH) coupled with NADH-mediated reduction of its oxidized product form redox cycle, resulting in oxidative DNA damage by low concentrations of PhIP(NHOH). We conclude that in addition to DNA adduct formation, oxidative DNA damage may be involved in the carcinogenic process of PhIP.
Effects of different fish-based diets (freshwater smelt, Baltic herring, marine herring/cod offal or their mixtures), gender, beta-glucan supplement, exogenous melatonin, and PCB exposure (Aroclor 1242((R)), 1 mg per animal per day in feed) on plasma immunoglobulin G (IgG) in the mink (Mustela vison) were studied. The aims of the study were to find out whether plasma IgG of the mink is affected by the subchronic PCB exposure, and whether biological, nutritional and hormonal effects are large enough to mask the possible IgG response. The concentration of IgG was determined using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Sexual dimorphism was detected, the males having higher levels of plasma IgG. In addition, melatonin tended to decrease IgG in females but not males. Diet also affected the humoral immune arm; the mixed-fish diets caused an unfavorable ratio of the oxidation products of lipids vs. vitamin E in liver, and resulted in low IgG concentration in plasma. In males fed Baltic herring, the beta-glucan supplement also lowered IgG levels. The PCBs failed to affect the plasma IgG of the smelt-fed female mink, and IgG concentration was not correlated with increased hepatic EROD activity or with the decreased total retinol in the liver of exposed mink. It is concluded that hormonal/seasonal and dietary factors affect the plasma IgG levels to such an extent that possible change in plasma IgG level due to PCBs in wild populations of mink is difficult to detect without a large amount of reference data.
OBJECTIVES: To find whether or not incinerator workers employed at intermittently burning municipal incineration plants are exposed to high concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs). METHODS: 20 Workers employed at three municipal waste incineration plants (incinerator workers) and 20 controls were studied. The previous job, dietary, smoking, and body weight and height were obtained from a questionnaire survey. Concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs were measured in serum samples of the workers and the deposited dust of the plants. The influence of occupational exposure on concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs in serum samples was examined by multiple regression analysis. RESULTS: Dust analysis showed that dominant constituents were octachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (OCDD) and 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (HpCDD) among the PCDDs, and 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptachlorodibenzofuran (HpCDF) and octachlorodibenzofuran (OCDF) among the PCDFs. The toxicity equivalents (TEQs) of summed PCDDs and PCDFs in the deposited dust were 0.91, 33, and 11 ng TEQ/g, respectively, for plants I, II, and III. The means of TEQ in serum samples of summed PCDDs and PCDFs in the incinerator workers and controls were 22.8 and 16.4 pg TEQ/g lipid for area I, 29.4 and 19.3 pg TEQ/g lipid for area II, and 22.8 and 24.9 pg TEQ/g lipid for area III, which were almost the same as for the general population of Japan. No significant differences in the TEQ of PCDDs and TEQ of PCDDs and PCDDs were found between the incinerator workers and the controls. However, the TEQ of PCDFs was significantly higher among the incinerator workers in areas I and II, and the 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF concentration was also significantly higher for all three areas. When the occupational exposure index for each constituent of PCDDs and PCDFs was defined as the product of the duration of employment at the incineration plant and the concentration of the constituent in the deposited dust, multiple regression analysis showed that the concentrations of HxCDF, HpCDF, and TEQ of PCDFs in serum samples increased with the occupational exposure index. The multiple regression analysis also suggested that significant factors affecting the concentrations in serum samples were area for HxCDD, age for TCDD, PeCDD, PeCDF, TEQ of PCDDs, TEQ of PCDFs, and TEQ of summed PCDDs and PCDFs, and BMI for HxCDD, HpCDD, and OCDD. CONCLUSION: This study showed that incinerator workers employed at intermittently burning incineration plants were not necessarily exposed to high concentrations of PCDDs and PCDFs. However, the increases in the concentrations in serum of HxCDF, HpCDF and TEQ of PCDFs with the occupational exposure index suggest that the incinerator workers had inhaled dust containing PCDDs and PCDFs during their work. 
In this study, we investigated 17- to 18-year-old boys and girls to determine whether changes in humoral or cellular immunity or respiratory complaints were related to blood serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxin-like compounds after lifetime exposure in Flanders (Belgium). We obtained blood samples from and administered questionnaires to 200 adolescents recruited from a rural area and two urban suburbs. Physicians recorded medical history and respiratory diseases. We measured immunologic biomarkers such as differential blood cell counts, lymphocyte phenotypes, and serum immunoglobulins. As biomarkers of exposure, we determined the serum concentrations of PCBs (PCB 138, PCB 153, and PCB 180) and dioxin-like compounds [chemical-activated luciferase expression (CALUX) bioassay]. The percentages of eosinophils and natural killer cells in blood were negatively correlated with CALUX toxic equivalents (TEQs) in serum (p = 0.009 and p = 0.05, respectively). Increased serum CALUX TEQs resulted in an increase in serum IgA levels (p = 0.05). Furthermore, levels of specific IgEs (measured by radioallergosorbent tests) of cat dander, house dust mite, and grass pollen were also significantly and negatively associated with the CALUX TEQ, with odds ratios (ORs) equal to 0.63 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.42-0.96], 0.68 (0.5-0.93), and 0.70 (0.52-0.95), respectively. In addition, reported allergies of the upper airways and past use of antiallergic drugs were negatively associated with CALUX TEQs, with ORs equal to 0.66 (0.47-0.93) and 0.58 (0.39-0.85), respectively. We found a negative association between IgGs and marker PCBs in serum (p = 0.009). This study shows that immunologic measurements and respiratory complaints in adolescents were associated with environmental exposure to polyhalogenated aromatic hydrocarbons (PHAHs). The negative correlation between PHAHs and allergic responses in adolescents suggested that exposure may entail alterations in the immune status.
Some polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners are CYP1A1 inducers, and induction of this enzyme in the placenta has been linked to adverse effects on fetal development. The objective of this study was to determine if the body burden of PCBs is related to placental CYP1A1 activity in Inuit women from Nunavik (northern Qubec), a population highly exposed to organochlorines. Placenta and cord blood samples were obtained from 35 Inuit women and 30 women from a southern Qubec community exposed to background levels of organochlorines. We measured PCB concentrations in all cord plasma samples and in a subset of placenta samples from the Nunavik group and assessed CYP1A1 activity (ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase; EROD) in placental microsomes from all participants. Concentrations of PCBs in cord plasma were strongly correlated to those in placenta (Pearson's r) = 0.77-0.97, p < 0.001) and were on average 4-fold higher in Inuit women than in southern Qubec women [for PCB 153, the geometric means (geometric SDs) were 83.3 (1.9) ng/g lipid vs. 16.9 (1.6) ng/g lipid, respectively]. Despite this difference in PCB body burden, both study groups had similar EROD activities when data were stratified according to tobacco smoking. Although simple correlation analysis first showed that placental EROD activity was correlated with PCB 153 plasma concentration in the Nunavik group, a multivariate analysis failed to demonstrate a significant contribution of PCBs to EROD activity when tobacco smoking was included in the analysis. We conclude that dietary exposure to PCBs in Inuit women from Nunavik does not significantly influence EROD activity in the placenta, implicating tobacco smoking as the major modulating factor.
In this study, a total of 30 workers were selected, including eight wet pelletizing workers and 22 packaging workers. For all selected workers, urine samples were collected on the first day pre-shift, first day post-shift and fifth day post-shift, and their urinary 1-hydroxylpyrene levels (1-OHP) were determined (denoted as BM1pre, BM1post and BM5post, respectively). Personal respiratory exposures, including both inhalable particle-bound PAHs (Cinh) and gaseous PAHs (Cgas), together with dermal exposure to particle-bound PAHs (Cskin) were measured. Personal background information, including age, sex and smoking habit, was carefully registered. Pyrene exposure was statistically significantly correlated with exposure to PAHs and carcinogenic PAHs. Multiple linear regression analysis results showed that the BM1post values could not be explained by workers' exposures. For BM5post in packaging workers, both the regression model (R2 = 0.73) and the regression coefficients for Cgas, Cinh and Cskin were statistically significant (P < 0.05). For pelletizing workers, the R2 value was higher but was not statistically significant because of the smaller number of workers. The resultant regression coefficients for 'sex', 'smoking habit' and 'age' were statistically insignificant (P > 0.05), which could be because these variables made relatively small contributions to BM5post. In conclusion, this study suggests BM5post could be a suitable indicator for PAH exposures of carbon black workers, on the condition that both respiratory (including gaseous PAHs and particle-bound PAHs) and dermal exposures have been assessed.
Very low-carbohydrate (ketogenic) diets are popular yet little is known regarding the effects on serum biomarkers for cardiovascular disease (CVD). This study examined the effects of a 6-wk ketogenic diet on fasting and postprandial serum biomarkers in 20 normal-weight, normolipidemic men. Twelve men switched from their habitual diet (17% protein, 47% carbohydrate and 32% fat) to a ketogenic diet (30% protein, 8% carbohydrate and 61% fat) and eight control subjects consumed their habitual diet for 6 wk. Fasting blood lipids, insulin, LDL particle size, oxidized LDL and postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) and insulin responses to a fat-rich meal were determined before and after treatment. There were significant decreases in fasting serum TAG (-33%), postprandial lipemia after a fat-rich meal (-29%), and fasting serum insulin concentrations (-34%) after men consumed the ketogenic diet. Fasting serum total and LDL cholesterol and oxidized LDL were unaffected and HDL cholesterol tended to increase with the ketogenic diet (+11.5%; P = 0.066). In subjects with a predominance of small LDL particles pattern B, there were significant increases in mean and peak LDL particle diameter and the percentage of LDL-1 after the ketogenic diet. There were no significant changes in blood lipids in the control group. To our knowledge this is the first study to document the effects of a ketogenic diet on fasting and postprandial CVD biomarkers independent of weight loss. The results suggest that a short-term ketogenic diet does not have a deleterious effect on CVD risk profile and may improve the lipid disorders characteristic of atherogenic dyslipidemia.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Persistent organochlorine pollutants, such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and organochlorine pesticides, are found in the general population and tend to accumulate in blood and tissues. Their distribution was examined in the starting plasma pools for fractionation, Cohn plasma fractions and therapeutic concentrates. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In each process fraction, total protein, cholesterol and triglycerides were measured as well as organochlorine pesticides and PCB congeners. RESULTS: Organochlorine compounds were undetectable in cryoprecipitate, Cohn fraction I, Factor VIII and immunoglobulin concentrates, and reduced in albumin preparations. CONCLUSION: Cohn plasma fractionation is very efficient for removing pollutants present in the starting material. Biological processing techniques should be analysed for their capacity to eliminate/reduce persistent organochlorine pollutants from the therapeutic proteins. 
Coal tar preparations, as used in dermatological practice, contain numerous polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of which many are proven animal carcinogens. Increased urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in patients with atopic dermatitis treated with topical coal tar preparations has been demonstrated. Little is known about the relationship between the dermal uptake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on the one hand and the amount of tar applied to the skin, the total body area affected, the condition of the epidermal barrier and the severity of the dermatitis on the other. We compared urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion rate with these variables. The urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion rate was highly dependent on the total amount of tar applied to the skin and the total body area affected, and less on the severity of the atopic dermatitis or the condition of the epidermal barrier. Exposure to therapeutic doses of coal tar leads to much higher rates of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion than occupational exposure. Because of the potential carcinogenicity of coal tar, as clearly demonstrated both in animal studies and from occupational exposure, careful consideration should be given to the use of coal tar preparations in dermatological practice. However, the risk of short-term high exposure is unknown. Restriction of the use of coal tar should be based on epidemiological studies and/or appropriate risk models taking into account its relative safety established over many years of clinical use.
PURPOSE: To evaluate reproducibility of total cerebral blood flow (CBF) measurements with phase contrast magnetic resonance imaging (pcMRI). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We repeated total CBF measurements in 15 healthy volunteers with and without cardiac triggering, and with and without repositioning. In eight volunteers measurements were performed at two different occasions. In addition, measurement of flow in a phantom was performed to validate MR measurements. RESULTS: A difference of 40.4 ml/minute was found between CBF measurements performed with and without triggering (P < 0.05). For repeated triggered measurements, the coefficient of variation (CV) was 7.1%, and for nontriggered measurements 10.3%. For repeated measurements with repositioning, the CV was 7.1% with and 11.2% without triggering. Repeated measurements at different occasions showed a CV of 8.8%. Comparing measured with real flow in the phantom, the triggered differed 4.9% and the nontriggered 8.3%. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study demonstrate that pcMRI is a reliable method to measure total CBF in terms of both accuracy and reproducibility. 
PURPOSE: To compare the reproducibility of left ventricular (LV) mass measurements using a black-blood half-Fourier single-shot fast spin-echo (SSFSE) and a segmented gradient echo magnetic resonance (MR) pulse sequence. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Breath-hold SSFSE and segmented gradient echo cardiac MR examinations were performed twice in 32 patients and manual detection of the LV endocardium and epicardium was applied by two blinded reviewers. The SSFSE pulse sequence allowed whole-heart coverage in a single breath hold, while multiple breath holds were required using the segmented gradient echo sequence. Spatial presaturation slabs were used with the SSFSE pulse sequence to reduce the field of view (FOV) and thereby achieve higher spatial resolution. RESULTS: Intraclass correlation coefficients were higher with the SSFSE pulse sequence than with the segmented gradient echo pulse sequence: intraobserver reproducibility reached 0.999 vs. 0.991; interobserver reproducibility: 0.997 vs. 0.981; and interstudy reproducibility: 0.998 vs. 0.936. These higher levels of reproducibility were confirmed on Bland and Altman plots. CONCLUSION: LV mass measurements can be assessed more reproducibly with the single breath-hold SSFSE technique than with the standard multiple breath-hold segmented gradient echo method. 
Excretion of 1,N(6)-ethenodeoxyadenosine (epsilon dA), a marker for lipid peroxidation (LPO)-derived DNA damage was analyzed in urine of nonsmoking postmenopausal women participating in a dietary intervention trial in Northern Japan. Hereby the efficacy of dietary consultation in reducing salt and increasing vitamin C and carotenes during 1 year was estimated. Thirty postmenopausal women, 60-69 years of age, from the intervention group and 30 age-matched women from the control group were randomly selected. The subjects completed a self-administered diet history questionnaire and in the pre- and post-intervention period 48 hr urine and fasting blood samples were collected. epsilon dA in urine was analyzed by an immuno-precipitation-high performance liquid chromatography-fluorescence detection method. epsilon dA excretion (/48 hr) in the 59 postmenopausal Japanese women with complete urine collection ranged from 12-226 pmol at the pre-intervention. At the pre-intervention, epsilon dA excretion was positively associated with urinary salt excretion (R = 0.33, p = 0.01) and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake (%energy value, R = 0.28, p = 0.03) in the 59 women. The average epsilon dA excretion in the intervention group was 61 pmol at pre-intervention and 44 pmol at post-intervention (p = 0.14). In the control group, it was 58 pmol at pre-intervention and 75 pmol at post-intervention (p = 0.24). During the intervention period, 18/29 (62%) of the subjects in the intervention group exhibited the decreased excretion and 10/26 (38%) in the control group (p = 0.08). Results from this pilot study suggest urinary epsilon dA as a potential biomarker of DNA damage possibly derived from salt-induced inflammation and LPO; further exploration of epsilon dA in human biomonitoring studies is warranted.
We examined predictors of organochlorine concentrations in serum specimens from women who were pregnant in the 1960s and participated in the Child Health and Development Study in the San Francisco Bay Area of California. That study enrolled pregnant women at the Kaiser-Permanente Medical Facilities, conducted interviews, and drew blood specimens; these specimens were centrifuged and the resulting serum specimens were frozen and placed in long-term storage. For the current investigation, organochlorines were measured by dual-column GC-electron capture detection in specimens collected in 1963-1967 from 399 pregnant women during the second and third trimesters. Using multiple linear regression models adjusted for serum lipids, we evaluated factors predicting concentrations of 11 polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners, their sum, and several pesticides and metabolites. Variables evaluated were age, race, place of birth, date of blood draw, body mass index, occupation, past residence on a farm, parity, and duration of pregnancy at blood draw. Concentrations of highly chlorinated PCBs and the sum of the PCBs increased with age. Concentrations of certain PCB congeners, as well as the sum, were significantly higher among nonwhites and increased with calendar date of blood draw. (italic)p,p(/italic) -DDT and (italic)p,p(/italic) -DDE concentrations were about 50% higher for nonwhites compared with whites and for those born in California or the southeastern United States versus elsewhere in the United States. Higher body mass index was associated with lower concentrations of several PCBs and (italic)p,p(/italic) -DDE but with higher heptachlor epoxide and DDT levels. The increase in use of PCBs during the 1960s is apparently detectable as increasing concentrations in maternal sera between 1963 and 1967. Marked racial and regional differences in serum pesticide levels were likely caused by geographic variation in previous agricultural and vector-control uses. The relationship to body mass index appears to be complex.
OBJECTIVE: To develop a valid and reliable interviewer-administered questionnaire to measure the presence and severity of storage abnormality symptoms of incontinence, urgency, frequency and nocturia. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Subjects were 930 men and women aged >/=40 years, taking part in a randomized controlled trial of a continence nurse practitioner (CNP) service. Criterion validity was tested by comparing questionnaire responses to 24-h pad test and 3-day urinary diary. Responsiveness was assessed by comparing questionnaire responses before and after treatment. Questions about urgency were investigated for construct validity in patients taking part in the trial who underwent urodynamic investigation (243). Test-retest and inter-rater reliability was measured at approximately 6 days in subjects recruited to an associated epidemiological study (104 and 102, respectively). RESULTS: The questionnaire responses showed significant associations with pad-test and diary measures. Questions about the severity of daytime incontinence performed better than those measuring night-time incontinence. The response categories of soaked, wet, damp and almost dry had better associations with the pad test than other measures of the severity of incontinence. Test-retest and inter-rater reliability was good for all questions, and all were responsive to change in symptoms, showing significant differences before and after treatment. CONCLUSION: There is a clear need for standardization of measurement using well-validated instruments. This interviewer-administered questionnaire is valid, reliable and sensitive to change in a wide range of severity of symptoms, and in both men and women aged >/=40 years. The questionnaire provides a useful assessment tool for primary and secondary care in research and clinical settings. 
To help us identify appropriate techniques and laboratories for measuring hormones, we studied the variability and reproducibility of assay measurements of androstanediol glucuronide, androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), DHEA sulfate, dihydrotestosterone, testosterone, androstanediol, androsterone glucuronide, and androsterone sulfate for five men. Four sets of two aliquots from each sample were sent to participating laboratories, and one set was used for analyses monthly for four consecutive months. For each assay, estimates of components of variance were then used to estimate the coefficient of variation, the intraclass correlation between measurements on different days from a given individual, and the minimum detectable relative difference for a standard design. These data indicate that for at least one of the laboratories a single sample with two laboratory replicates per sample of androstanediol glucuronide, androstenedrone, DHEA, DHEA sulfate, and dihydrotestosterone yields an intraclass correlation coefficient exceeding 0.80 and can be used to discriminate reliably among men. The results for testosterone, androstanediol, androsterone, glucuronide, and androsterone sulfate do not meet this test. These data do not allow us to estimate the component of variation that corresponds to repeated blood samples taken over time from the same man. This reliability study design is, however, entirely appropriate for the typical case-control study which utilizes only one sample per subject.
The urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) were studied in male Sprague-Dawley rats exposed orally, on Tuesdays and Fridays for 10 consecutive weeks, to 0.046 mg/kg/d of pyrene or 0.3, 1 or 3 mg/kg/d of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) mixtures containing pyrene (0.046, 0.15, and 0.46 mg/kg/d, respectively). During the subchronic exposure, 24-h urine samples were collected on Mondays (prior to exposure) and Tuesdays (after exposure) for all exposure groups. During a 14-d period following last exposure in rats treated with 3 mg/kg/d of PAH mixture, 24-h urine samples were collected at frequent time intervals (0-24, 48-72, 96-120, 144-168, 193-217, 313-338 h). Whatever the administered dose, repeated exposures to pyrene and PAH mixtures resulted in a progressive time-dependent increase in the daily urinary excretion of 1-OHP. After 10 wk of treatment, daily excretion rates were on average 5 times higher than those observed after the first administration. Following the subchronic exposure to 3 mg/kg/d of PAH mixture, the time profile of 1-OHP excretion in rat urine showed a multiphasic elimination. An average first-order apparent elimination half-life of 26.5 h could be estimated for the 48-168 h period following the end of the exposure. The observed time-dependent increase in 1-OHP excretion values upon repeated exposures to PAHs does not appear to result from a PAH enzyme induction effect of pyrene metabolism to 1-OHP. Rather, the slow release of residual pyrene accumulated in a long-term compartment and/or the enterohepatic recirculation of 1-OHP and other pyrene metabolites may play significant roles in the observed urinary excretion kinetics of 1-OHP. Furthermore, the absence of mixture effect on the urinary excretion of 1-OHP suggests that 1-OHP is a good bioindicator of exposure to complex PAH mixtures, in the dose range used in this study.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate patients treated for depression with respect to steady-state concentration of venlafaxine enantiomers, to quantify within- and between-subject variability and to study the possible influence of individual characteristics such as gender and age. METHODS: Thirty-five inpatients received venlafaxine orally at a fixed 300-mg daily dose. Blood samples were taken on day 14 and day 28 for therapeutic drug monitoring purposes. All measurements reflected steady-state trough values. In a first stage, plasma concentrations of racemic venlafaxine (V) and O-desmethylvenlafaxine (ODV) were measured using a gas chromatography method. In a second stage, (+)/(-) enantiomeric ratios for V and ODV were determined using a stereoselective capillary electrophoresis method. RESULTS: Interindividual variability was 77% and 33% for concentrations of racemic V and ODV, respectively. Intraindividual variability was below 20% for both compounds. Enantiomeric ratios did not statistically differ from unity, with median (+)/(-) ratios of 1.14 for V and 0.97 for ODV. ODV/V metabolite formation ratios for the (+) and (-) enantiomers did not significantly differ from each other (median values 2.85 and 2.37, respectively). However, reduced ODV/V ratio for the (-) enantiomer was strongly associated with decreased (+)/(-) ratio for V (r(S)=0.71, P<0.001) and increased (+)/(-) ratio for ODV (r(S)=-0.79, P<0.001). In contrast, ODV/V ratio for the (+) enantiomer did not significantly correlate with parent compound (+)/(-) ratio and correlated only weakly with metabolite (+)/(-) ratio (r(S)=-0.38, P<0.05). When compared with males, females displayed a significantly lower ODV/V ratio for the (-) enantiomer (median values 1.42 vs 5.08 on day 14, P<0.05) but not for the (+) enantiomer (median values 2.36 vs 3.27, n.s.). Analysis did not reveal any significant association between ODV/V ratios and age, weight, height, creatinine clearance, smoking or co-medication. A pharmacokinetic model at steady state was developed that postulated two different enzyme systems to contribute to O-desmethylation. ODV(-) formation was supposed to largely depend on a single pathway, possibly impaired in a patient subpopulation. ODV(+) formation was postulated to rely on both pathways to a similar extent. Model predictions were in close agreement with observations in patients. CONCLUSION: Observations, together with model-based simulations, suggested that marked stereoselectivity in a patient subgroup may be related with impairment of O-desmethylation greater for (-) than (+) venlafaxine. This hypothesis requires testing against phenotypic and genotypic characteristics of patients. 
The mRNA levels of the nucleotide excision DNA repair gene ERCC1 and the base excision DNA repair gene OGG1 were quantified in 43 healthy volunteers in a dietary intervention trial as markers for the DNA repair capacity. Nine samples were collected from each subject over a period of 52 days. Sampling took place from January to May. The mRNA levels of OGG1 and ERCC1 correlated closely (r = 0.86, P < 0.0001) after normalization to either 18S ribosomal RNA or to beta-actin mRNA. The levels of OGG1 and ERCC1 mRNA were relatively constant within an individual with intra-individual correlation (R(2) = 0.45-0.46) in a General Linear Model. The amounts of ERCC1 and OGG1 relative to 18S RNA were doubled in May compared with January. This coincided with an increase in the monthly influx of sunlight from 18 MJ/m(2) in January to 242 MJ/m(2) in May. The mRNA levels of both ERCC1 and OGG1 were positively correlated to the average daily influx of sunlight in the previous 30 and 5 days (r = 0.49; r = 0.37, respectively, P < 0.001). There were no significant effects of the dietary interventions. The inter-individual variation was 5-10-fold, which is more than the observed 2-3-fold seasonal variation. Thus, despite seasonal variation of the individual mRNA levels, the inter-person variation is still far larger than the intra-person variation, supporting the use as biomarkers.
Several studies have suggested that dietary selenium deficiency may be associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). In the present study, 55 men and 71 women were selected from participants in a health examination in a rural coastal community in Japan. The mean dietary selenium intake calculated from the simple food frequency questionnaire (SFFQ) was 127.5 micrograms/day. Fish was the major source of dietary selenium and it contributed to 68.7% of the daily total. HDL cholesterol was higher in the middle selenium intake group and in the high selenium intake group than in the low selenium intake group in all subjects and for males, and a significant difference was found between the middle selenium intake group and the low selenium intake group. The atherogenic index was significantly higher in the low selenium intake group than in the middle selenium intake group and in the high selenium intake group in males. GPx activity, total cholesterol and triacylglycerols did not show any significant differences among the three different selenium intake groups. Dietary intake of non-fish Se had a positive correlation with HDL cholesterol, and an inverse correlation with the atherogenic index in all subjects and for females. On the other hand, dietary intake of fish-Se had no relationship with any serum lipids. Non-fish Se is an important factor in selenium status for the prevention of CHD.
BACKGROUND: Serum sialic acid (SA) has been suggested as a new marker of alcohol consumption. There are, however, only a few studies on the clinical value of such measurements. The relationship between serum SA and liver disease is also unknown. METHODS: We determined serum SA concentrations in a sample of 51 alcoholics and 20 healthy controls by using high-performance liquid chromatography with an anion-exchange column and pulsed amperometric detection. The alcoholic sample included 32 patients with liver disease, the severity of which was assessed by previously established combined clinical, laboratory, and morphological indices. In addition, there were 19 heavy drinkers without significant liver disease despite a well documented history of excessive alcohol consumption. RESULTS: The (mean +/- SD) SA concentrations (1.449 +/- 0.3019 mmol/liter) were significantly higher in the alcoholics than in the healthy controls (1.154 +/- 0.1702 mmol/liter). With the optimal cutoff limit for serum SA (1.425 mmol/liter), a specificity of 1.00 and sensitivity of 0.51 were obtained. The diagnostic accuracy of serum SA according to receiver operating characteristic analysis was good, with the area under the curve being 0.805 (0.052). Unlike the traditional serum markers of alcohol consumption (gamma-glutamyl transferase, carbohydrate-deficient transferrin, and aspartate amino transferase), serum SA was not found to be different between the alcoholics with or without liver disease. CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that serum SA is a sensitive marker of excessive alcohol consumption. Such measurements may also prove to be of value in conditions in which the results of the traditional markers reflect the severity of liver disease rather than alcohol consumption. 
Exposure to environmental contaminants can induce physiological changes in animals through various mechanisms. One manifestation of subclinical toxicity from polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure is the disruption of normal immune function described in numerous species, including American kestrels (Falco sparverius). In 1998, 152 mature male and female kestrels were fed either a mixture of Aroclor 1248:1254:1260 (approximately 7 mg/kg kestrel/day) through their food items, or control diets. Offspring produced by 50 breeding pairs (thus, half received in ovo PCB exposure only) were also studied. Total and differential white blood cell counts, the phytohemagglutinin (PHA) skin response, as well as thyroid hormone levels were tested in vivo in nonbreeding adults (1998 only) and nestlings (1998 and 1999). In 1999, nestlings came from three parental groups; adults exposed in 1998, birds produced by PCB-exposed parents, and unexposed birds. In 1998, directly exposed males but not females had increased total white blood cell counts driven by lymphocytosis, plus a decreased heterophil-to-lymphocyte ratio relative to controls. PCB-exposed birds had a significantly greater response to PHA than did controls, with sex as a significant factor and plasma triiodothyonine (T(3)) as a significant covariate. Levels of T(3) were significantly depressed in PCB-exposed birds of both sexes. The 1999 nestlings (F1 generation with respect to PCB exposure) did not show any effect of parental treatment group on the PHA skin response, yet T(3) remained as a significant covariate. Immunological effects are discussed in light of the antibody-mediated immunotoxicity found in the same birds and reported previously.
In the Faroe Islands in the North Atlantic, the traditional diet includes pilot whale meat and blubber and other marine food. Fatty fish and blubber of mammals may contain high concentrations of organohalogen substances (OHSs). Elevated levels of OHSs have been reported from the Faroe Islands, first documented in breast milk samples obtained in 1987. The aim of this study was to determine the concentrations of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in serum samples from pregnant Faroese women known to differ in their dietary habits. High concentrations of OH-PCBs and PCBs were found in part of the human serum samples analyzed, and the relative OH-PCB and PCB congener distributions were similar to those observed elsewhere. There was a wide span between the lowest and highest OH-PCB and PCB concentrations in the serum samples analyzed, with ranges of 19-1,800 ng/g lipid weight (lw) and 150-22,000 ng/g lw, respectively. The ratio of sigmaOH-PCB/sigmaPCB averaged about 10% and varied little. 4-Hydroxy-2,2,3,4,5,5,6-heptachlorobiphenyl was the most abundant OH-PCB metabolite in all samples analyzed, with four other OH-PCB congeners as dominating metabolites in the serum. More than 25 additional OH-PCBs were indicated. This study confirms the presence of high concentrations of organohalogen substances in populations or areas far removed from their sources.
Heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) are carcinogenic compounds formed in meats, fish, and poultry prepared under common household cooking practices. Some HAAs are also formed in tobacco smoke condensate. Because of the widespread occurrence of HAAs in these daily staples, health concerns have been raised regarding the potential role of HAAs in the etiology of some human cancers associated with frequent consumption of these products. In this review, the metabolism of HAAs to biologically active metabolites that bind to DNA and provoke mutations and cancer in various biological systems is discussed. Some of the current analytical and molecular methods that are used to measure biomarkers of HAA exposure and genetic damage in experimental animal models and humans are also presented. These biochemical data combined may help to better assess the role that HAAs may have in the development of some common forms of human cancers.
This study was designed to determine the urinary concentrations of endogenous GHB over a one-week period, the variations that occur within those concentrations, and whether those variations are affected by normalization to urinary creatinine. Its purpose was to ascertain whether endogenous concentrations fluctuate to such an extent that they may be misinterpreted as due to GHB ingestion. Every urine void produced by eight GHB-free subjects (five males and three females) over a one-week period was individually collected and analyzed for the presence of endogenous GHB and creatinine. The results of the non-normalized and normalized concentrations were statistically analyzed. Non-normalized GHB concentrations ranged from 0.00 to 6.63 microg/mL over seven days. The coefficients of variation (CV) for the individual non-normalized data were 44.0% to 77.7%. When the data were normalized to creatinine, the concentrations ranged from 0.00 to 6.79 microg/mg. The CVs for the creatinine-normalized results were between 29.7% and 76.8%. Analysis of the differences in CVs by the paired t-test (alpha = 0.05) found these improvements to be statistically insignificant. Such normalization allows for correction of urinary dilution or concentration by the kidneys which may affect endogenous GHB concentrations. The data also suggest significant (p < 0.001) differences in median endogenous urinary concentrations of GHB between males and females using the Mann-Whitney test. Because of the small number of subjects in this study, further investigations are required to substantiate this observation. Some of the subjects in this study demonstrated a strong tendency to produce higher or lower GHB concentrations at consistent periods during the day. This was most evident when looking at the creatinine-normalized concentrations. The results of our study indicate that there are significant intra- and interindividual variations in the urinary concentrations of endogenous GHB. Furthermore, there are also wide variations between individuals in the total daily amount of GHB excreted in the urine. Nonetheless, no specimen's GHB concentration approached 10 microg/mL (non-normalized) or 10 microg/mg (normalized). This study of the variability in endogenous urinary GHB excretion supports the recommendation of 10 microg/mL as an appropriate cutoff to identify exogenous GHB exposure in the absence of rare genetic deficiencies such as GHB aciduria. Patients with such a deficiency should be readily identifiable through prominent symptoms, repeated urinalysis, or genetic testing.
PURPOSE: Perfusion MR imaging offers an easy quantitative evaluation of relative regional cerebral blood volume (rrCBV), relative mean transit time (rMTT) and time-to-peak (TTP). The purpose of this study was to investigate the reliability of these parameters in assessing the hemodynamic disturbance of carotid occlusive disease in comparison with normative data. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Dynamic contrast-enhanced T2*-weighted perfusion MR imaging was performed in 19 patients with symptomatic unilateral internal carotid artery occlusion and 20 control subjects. The three parameters were calculated from the concentration-time curve fitted by gamma-variate function. Lesion-to-contralateral ratios of each parameter were compared between patients and control subjects. RESULTS: Mean +/- SD of rrCBV, rMTT and TTP ratios of patients were 1.089 +/- 0.118, 1.054 +/- 0.031 and 1.062 +/- 0.039, respectively, and those of control subjects were 1.002 +/- 0.045, 1.000 +/- 0.006, 1.001 +/- 0.006, respectively. The rMTT and TTP ratios of all patients were greater than 2 SDs of control data, whereas in only 6 patients (32%), rrCBV ratios were greater than 2 SDs of control data. The three parameter ratios of the patients were significantly high compared with those of control subjects, respectively (p < 0.01 for rrCBV ratios, p < 0.0001 for rMTT ratios, and p < 0.0001 for TTP ratios). CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that rMTT and TTP of patients, in contrast to rrCBV, are distributed in narrow ranges minimally overlapped with control data. The rMTT and TTP could be more reliable parameters than rrCBV in assessing the hemodynamic disturbance in carotid occlusive disease. 
A direct quantification of human serum albumin (HSA) in blood serum samples without separation is proposed based on the measurements of total internal reflected resonance light scattering (TIR-RLS) at water/tetrachloromethane (H(2)O/CCl(4)) interfaces. In the pH range of 6.37-6.59, the coadsorption of the binary complex of HSA-Th(IV) with sodium dodecylbenzene sulfonate occurs at the H(2)O/CCl(4) interface, forming an amphiphilic layer and displaying greatly enhanced TIR-RLS signals with the maximum peak located at 340-370 nm. The enhanced TIR-RLS intensity is in proportion to the HSA concentration in the range 0.15-1.0 micro gml(-1). The limit of detection is 14.4 ngml(-1). The contents of HSA in blood serum samples were determined with the recovery of 97.1-102.3% and RSD of 0.6-2.9%, which are identical to those obtained according to the spectrofluorimetric method using chrome azurol S.
The effects of a vitamin C supplemented diet on blood pressure, body and liver weights, liver antioxidant status, iron and copper levels were investigated in DOCA-salt treated and untreated Sprague-Dawley (SD) male rats after 8 weeks of treatment. Vitamin C supplementation had no effect on blood pressure in SD rats but induced a significant decrease in blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats, the decrease being more efficient at 50 mg/kg of vitamin C than at 500 mg/kg. Hepatic lipid peroxidation and iron levels were significantly increased in DOCA-salt hypertensive rats whereas total hepatic antioxidant capacity (HAC), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and catalase (CAT) activities were decreased. Vitamin C supplementation did not affect the overall antioxidant defences of control SD rat livers. In contrast, vitamin C supplementation accentuated the DOCA-salt induced accumulation of liver iron and lipid peroxidation. This occurred without any notable aggravation in the antioxidant deficiency of vitamin C supplemented DOCA-salt treated rat livers. Our data suggest that DOCA-salt treatment induces an accumulation of iron in rat livers which is responsible for the prooxidant effect of vitamin C. The normalization of blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats by vitamin C supplementation appears thus independent from liver antioxidant status.
Factors affecting the plasma concentrations of the R- and S-enantiomers of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine were investigated in 131 adult patients receiving long-term fluoxetine, of 10 to 60 mg/d (mean, 24 +/- 10 mg/d). Plasma concentration values (geometric means, CI 95%) in these patients were 186 (156, 223) nmol/L for S-fluoxetine, 67 (58, 77) nmol/L for R-fluoxetine, 247 (212, 287) nmol/L for S-norfluoxetine, and 118 (102, 137) nmol/L for R-norfluoxetine. The difference between the concentrations of the respective R- and S-enantiomers was statistically significant ( P< 0.0001) for both the parent drug and the demethylated metabolite. A significant correlation was found between the concentrations of each enantiomer and the prescribed daily dosage (r = 0.44, P< 0.0001 for S-fluoxetine; r = 0.48, P < 0.0001 for R-fluoxetine; r = 0.36, < 0.0001 for S-norfluoxetine; r = 0.32, P = 0.0003 for R-norfluoxetine), but the variability in concentration at any given dosage was considerable. When an iterative model based on multiple polynomial regressions was applied to determine the potential contributions of dosage, age, gender, body weight, and concomitant medication to the variability in the plasma concentration of the enantiomers, dosage was consistently found to provide the greatest predictive value. The predictive value of the model could be consistently improved when concentrations of other enantiomers were included as covariates. Of 58 patients with depressive symptoms for whom evaluation of clinical response (CGI scale) was available, 33 (57%) responded favorably to treatment. The plasma levels of individual enantiomers and of the active moiety (ActM, sum of the concentrations of R-fluoxetine, S-fluoxetine, and S-norfluoxetine) in these patients did not differ significantly from those found in patients with unsatisfactory therapeutic response. Likewise, the concentrations of individual enantiomers and of the ActM were similar in patients with or without adverse effects. Overall, these results demonstrate that the pharmacokinetics of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine exhibit marked stereoselectivity and considerable interpatient variability, which could not be explained by differences in gender, age, or comedication. In addition, a considerable variability was found in the enantiomers' concentrations associated with a favorable therapeutic response.
A screening method using gas chromatography/mass spectrometry in the single ion monitoring (SIM) mode for the routine congener-specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human serum has been developed and validated. A fast procedure incorporating both liquid-liquid and solid-phase extraction was used for clean up and enrichment. Interday and intraday precision and accuracy were assessed for the 12 congeners having dioxin-like activity and PCBs #180 and #170 by analyzing spiked samples on three subsequent days and using (13)C(12)-labelled analogues as internal standards. Furthermore, the relative errors for six non-dioxin-like congeners (PCBs #28, #52, #101, #138, #153 and #180) were measured by using certified reference materials, providing good accuracy at two different concentration levels. The limits of quantification and of detection were 0.5 and 0.2 micro g/L in serum for each congener, respectively. The method allows the chromatographic separation of at least 35 congeners and can therefore be applied to the routine monitoring of the general population for both dioxin-like and non-dioxin-like PCB congeners.
Dietary tocopherols and carotenoids may play a role in preventing cancer and cardiovascular diseases. Because these may begin to develop during adolescence, dietary patterns during this period could influence long-term risk. The objective of this study was to examine the intake and plasma concentrations of the major carotenoids and tocopherols in 159 adolescents (mean +/- SD, 15.5 +/- 2.5 y old) living in Costa Rica. All participants completed a 135-item food-frequency questionnaire and provided a fasting blood sample. Carotenoid and tocopherol intakes were adjusted for total energy and plasma concentrations for total cholesterol. The relative abundance of carotenoids in the diet was similar to their distribution in plasma; lycopene was the most abundant, followed by beta-carotene and lutein + zeaxanthin. gamma-Tocopherol was more abundant than alpha-tocopherol in the diet, but alpha-tocopherol was approximately sevenfold higher in plasma. The highest diet-plasma correlations (adjusted for age, sex and body mass index) were 0.38 for beta-cryptoxanthin, 0.33 for gamma-tocopherol and 0.17 for lutein + zeaxanthin (all P < 0.05). All other correlations were r < 0.15. Papaya intake was the best food predictor of plasma beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations (r = 0.41). Subjects that frequently (> or =3/d) consumed tropical fruits with at least 50 micro g/100 g beta-cryptoxanthin (papaya, tangerine, orange and watermelon) had twofold the plasma beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations of those with intakes of <4/wk (P for trend = 0.0009). In sum, the diet-plasma carotenoid and tocopherol correlations were generally low in Costa Rican adolescents. Intakes of beta-cryptoxanthin and papaya, a tropical fruit frequently consumed in Latin America, were the best predictors of beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations in plasma.
A biological monitoring method for urinary dichloromethane (DCM) has been developed by using head-space gas chromatography with FID detection. The calibration curve is linear in a wide range of DCM levels between 0.01 and 2 mg/l. The recovery rate is almost 100% and within-run coefficients of variation are 2.9-3.7%. A highly significant correlation is found between exposure levels and urinary concentrations of DCM. Determination of urine DCM by this method has many advantages such as sample storage, no need for correction of urine concentration, absence of gender difference and also no confounding effect of glutathione S-transferase T1 polymorphism.
Green tea and tea polyphenols have been studied extensively as cancer chemopreventive agents in recent years. The bioavailability and metabolic fate of tea polyphenols in humans, however, are not clearly understood. In this report, the pharmacokinetic parameters of (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG), (-)-epigallocatechin (EGC), and (-)-epicatechin (EC) were analyzed after administration of a single oral dose of green tea or decaffeinated green tea (20 mg tea solids/kg) or EGCG (2 mg/kg) to eight subjects. The plasma and urine levels of total EGCG, EGC, and EC (free plus conjugated forms) were quantified by HPLC coupled to an electrochemical detector. The plasma concentration time curves of the catechins were fitted in a one-compartment model. The maximum plasma concentrations of EGCG, EGC, and EC in the three repeated experiments with green tea were 77.9 +/- 22.2, 223.4 +/- 35.2, and 124.03 +/- 7.86 ng/ml, respectively, and the corresponding AUC values were 508.2 +/- 227, 945.4 +/- 438.4, and 529.5 +/- 244.4 ng x h x ml(-1), respectively. The time needed to reach the peak concentrations was in the range of 1.3-1.6 h. The elimination half-lives were 3.4 +/- 0.3, 1.7 +/- 0.4, and 2.0 +/- 0.4 h, respectively. Considerable interindividual differences and variations between repeated experiments in the pharmacokinetic parameters were noted. Significant differences in these pharmacokinetic parameters were not observed when EGCG was given in decaffeinated green tea or in pure form. In the plasma, EGCG was mostly present in the free form, whereas EGC and EC were mostly in the conjugated form. Over 90% of the total urinary EGC and EC, almost all in the conjugated forms, were excreted between 0 and 8 h. Substantial amounts of 4'-O-methyl EGC, at levels higher than EGC, were detected in the urine and plasma. The plasma level of 4'-O-methyl EGC peaked at 1.7 +/- 0.5 h with a half life of 4.4 +/- 1.1 h. Two ring-fission metabolites, (-)-5-(3',4',5'-trihydroxyphenyl)-gamma-valerolactone (M4) and (-)-5-(3',4'-dihydroxyphenyl)-valerolactone (M6), appeared in significant amounts after 3 h and peaked at 8-15 h in the urine as well as in the plasma. These results may be useful for designing the dose and dose frequency in intervention studies with tea and for development of biomarkers of tea consumption.
The levels of individual PBDE congeners were investigated in the invertebrate species whelk (Buccinum undatum), seastar (Asterias rubens), and hermit crab (Pagurus bernhardus), the gadoid fish species whiting (Merlangius merlangus) and cod (Gadus morhua), and the marine mammal species harbor seal (Phoca vitulina) and harbor porpoise (Phocoena phocoena). These species are all important representatives of different trophic levels of the North Sea food web. All six major PBDE congeners detected (BDEs 28, 47, 99, 100, 153, and 154) are most prevalent in the commercial Penta-BDE formulation. There is no evidence for the occurrence of the Octa-BDE formulation in the North Sea food web, since its dominant congener, BDE183, was never detected. BDE209, the main congener (> 97%) in the Deca-BDE formulation, was detected only in a minority of the samples and always in concentrations around the limit of detection. Since BDE209 is often the major BDE congener in sediments from the area, the main reason for its low concentrations in biota from the North Sea seems to be a relatively low bioaccumulation potential. This can either be due to a low uptake rate of the very large molecule or a relatively rapid excretion after biotransformation. Since all invertebrates investigated are sentinel species, they are highly representative for the area of capture. The highest lipid-normalized concentrations of PBDEs in the invertebrates occurred near the mouth of the river Tees at the East coast of the UK. The geographical distribution of the PBDEs can be explained by the residual currents in the area. The direction of these currents differs between the summer and the winter season as a result of the presence or absence of vertical summer stratification of the deeper waters north of the Dogger Bank. Summer stratification results in the development of a density-driven bottom water current formed after the onset of vertical stratification of the water column in May leaving the UK coast near Flamborough Head toward the Dogger Bank. In winter, the residual currents run in a more southerly direction and follow the UK coastline. The distribution pattern of the PCBs and p,p'-DDE in the invertebrates was entirely different from that of the PBDEs, which could be expected, since the use of these organochlorines in western Europe peaked in the 1960s and 1970s but has been forbidden more than two decades ago, whereas the production and use of the penta-BDE formulation is of a more recent origin. The higher trophic levels of the North Sea food web were represented by the predatory gadoid fish species whiting and cod and the marine mammal species harbor seal and harbor porpoise. The lipid-normalized levels of the six major PBDE congeners in fish were similar to the levels in the invertebrates, but a biomagnification step in concentrations of generally more than an order of magnitude occurred from gadoid fish to marine mammals. Based on the limited number of samples, no differences could be observed between harbor seal and harbor porpoise. In summary, the results in three species of sentinel invertebrates from a network of stations covering a major part of the North Sea basin showed that the estuary of the river Tees at the UK East coast is a major source for tri- to hexa-PBDEs. Throughout the food-chain, the most marked increase in (lipid-normalized) levels of all six PBDE congeners occurred from predatory (gadoid) fish to marine mammals, agreeing with the transition from gill-breathing to lung-breathing animals. This has serious consequences for the route of elimination of POPs, since their elimination from the blood into the ambient seawater via the gill-membrane is no longer possible.
AIMS: To evaluate two quality of life measures for urinary incontinence (UI) in Scottish females. METHODS: Three groups with UI from two regions in Scotland were studied. Two groups were receiving treatment for incontinence; the third was not. Women completed the UDI and IIQ twice to allow assessment of test-retest reliability and validity. Treatment groups completed the questionnaires again, postintervention, to assess ability of the measures to detect change. Other measures used to assess validity were the SF-36, HADS, weight of urine leaked, and number of incontinence episodes. By design, the three subject groups differed significantly in their characteristics, ensuring a diverse sample of women. RESULTS: Analysis of reliability showed a clinically trivial but statistically significant decrease in total UDI (mean, -6.1; 95% CI, -11.0 to -1.5) and IIQ (mean, -9.7; 95% CI, -15.5 to -3.9) scores between test and retest assessments, possibly due to a research effect. Most items of the UDI (18 of 19) and IIQ (28 of 30) performed very well on test-retest. The UDI and IIQ were valid in that higher scores (indicating more bothersomeness of symptoms/impact on daily living) were associated with greater severity of UI. Additionally the IIQ showed the expected associations with measures of anxiety and health status. CONCLUSIONS: Both the UDI and IIQ detected changes in women's conditions due to intervention. The measures had good psychometric properties, including test-retest reliability, across subject groups. 
BACKGROUND: Iodine intake can be measured in various ways, and each method may have advantages and disadvantages. OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate the potential associations of various measures of iodine intake with thyroid volume, prevalence of thyroid nodules, and serum thyroglobulin. We also sought to identify, if possible, groups at risk of thyroid disease because of their food choices. DESIGN: This cohort study included 4649 randomly selected subjects with mild-to-moderate iodine deficiency; the subjects lived in 2 cities in Denmark. Iodine intake was estimated by using a food-frequency questionnaire and by measuring iodine excretion in spot urine samples. Thyroid volume and nodularity were measured with ultrasonography. RESULTS: In multiple linear regression models, significant inverse relations were found between thyroid volume and estimated 24-h iodine excretion, iodine intake from diet plus supplements, iodine intake from diet/kg body wt, and milk intake (P = 0.001 for all), but not urinary iodine excretion measured as a concentration (P = 0.40). All measures of iodine intake were significantly related to serum thyroglobulin concentration (P <or= 0.002), but only some measures of iodine intake were significantly related to the prevalence of thyroid nodules. CONCLUSIONS: Even in a geographic area where mild iodine deficiency is common, a significant relation between iodine intake and thyroid volume was found. All measures of iodine intake, except iodine excretion measured as a urinary concentration, predicted thyroid volume. Serum thyroglobulin concentration appears to be a good marker of iodine status. Subgroups with low intakes of milk and milk products had an increased risk of thyroid disease. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of tibolone on heart rate variability and plasma free fatty acid levels in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: Randomized, placebo-controlled trial. SETTING: University hospital. PATIENT(S): Thirty postmenopausal women. INTERVENTION(S): Tibolone, 2.5 mg/d, or placebo for 4 months. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Variability in heart rate and changes in the lipid profile. RESULT(S): Anthropometric data were unchanged throughout the study. Compared with placebo, long-term tibolone administration was associated with a decrease in plasma levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride, and free fatty acid and homeostasis model assessment index. Furthermore, tibolone administration was associated with an increase in RR interval, total power, and high frequency and decrease in low frequency and the low frequency/high frequency ratio. Finally, the delta decrease in plasma free fatty acid levels correlated with delta low frequency/high frequency ratio independently of age, delta body mass index, delta homeostasis model assessment index, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. CONCLUSION(S): Long-term tibolone administration improves the ratio of cardiac sympathetic tone to parasympathetic tone in postmenopausal women. 
AIMS: To ascertain the accuracy of a quantity-frequency questionnaire (QF) and a graduated frequency questionnaire (GF) as methods of obtaining self-reported alcohol intake in relation to a daily diary and biochemical tests. METHODS: QF and GF data were obtained before and after a 1-month daily diary on alcohol intake in a sample of 52 volunteers aged 20-63 years, of whom 43 were female. A blood sample to measure serum aspartate aminotransferase (ASAT), alanine aminotransferase (ALAT), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) and % carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) was obtained at the outset. RESULTS: Both QF and GF correlated closely with daily diary intake (r > 0.90). Compared with a daily diary, the mean QF intake was slightly lower, whereas the mean GF intake was 2-fold. The apparent overestimation by GF was independent of the actual consumption level. Self-reported alcohol intake by each method correlated closely with serum ASAT, ALAT and GGT (r = 0.41-0.67) but not with CDT. CONCLUSIONS: In adults motivated to recall alcohol intake, both QF and GF classify individuals in the correct rank order, but GF probably overestimates actual alcohol consumption. 
The objective of this study was to investigate if maternal dietary 20:4n-6 arachidonic acid (AA) and 22:6n-3 compared with adequate or low levels of 18:3n-3 linolenic acid (LNA) increases synaptic plasma membrane (SPM) cholesterol and phospholipid content, phospholipid 20:4n-6 and 22:6n-3 content, and Na,K-ATPase kinetics in rat pups at two and five weeks of age. At parturition, Sprague-Dawley rats were fed semi-purified diets containing either AA + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), adequate LNA (control; 18:2n-6 : 18:3n-3 ratio of 7.1 : 1) or low LNA (18:2n-6 : 18:3n-39 ratio of 835 : 1). During the first two weeks of life, the rat pups received only their dams' milk. After weaning, pups received the same diet as their respective dams to five weeks of age. No significant difference was observed among rat pups fed the diet treatments for SPM cholesterol or total and individual phospholipid content at two and five weeks of age. Fatty acid analysis revealed that maternal dietary AA + DHA, compared with feeding the dams the control diet or the low LNA diet, increased 20:4n-6 in phosphatidylserine and 22:6n-3 content of SPM phospholipids. Rats fed dietary AA + DHA or the control diet exhibited a significantly increased Vmax for SPM Na,K-ATPase. Diet treatment did not alter the Km (affinity) of SPM Na,K-ATPase in rat pups at two and five weeks of age. It is concluded that dietary AA + DHA does not alter SPM cholesterol and phospholipid content but increases the 22:6n-3 content of SPM phospholipids modulating activity of Na,K-ATPase.
The lower rates of some cancers in Asian countries than in Western countries may be partly because of diet, although the mechanisms are unknown. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to determine whether a plant-based (vegan) diet is associated with a lower circulating level of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) compared with a meat-eating or lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet among 292 British women, ages 20-70 years. The mean serum IGF-I concentration was 13% lower in 92 vegan women compared with 99 meat-eaters and 101 vegetarians (P = 0.0006). The mean concentrations of both serum IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-1 and IGFBP-2 were 20-40% higher in vegan women compared with meat-eaters and vegetarians (P = 0.005 and P = 0.0008 for IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2, respectively). There were no significant differences in IGFBP-3, C-peptide, or sex hormone-binding globulin concentrations between the diet groups. Intake of protein rich in essential amino acids was positively associated with serum IGF-I (Pearson partial correlation coefficient; r = 0.27; P < 0.0001) and explained most of the differences in IGF-I concentration between the diet groups. These data suggest that a plant-based diet is associated with lower circulating levels of total IGF-I and higher levels of IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2.
BACKGROUND: There are limited data about dietary intakes and plasma lipids of elderly US Hispanics. OBJECTIVE: The disparity in prevalence of type 2 diabetes among population groups underscored our need to assess dietary and plasma risk factors for cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: Plasma lipids and apolipoproteins and dietary intakes of macronutrients were measured in elderly subjects (60-98 y): 490 Hispanics of Caribbean origin (Puerto Ricans and Dominicans) and 163 non-Hispanic whites. Plasma values were related to ethnicity and to macronutrient intake. Differences in plasma lipids due to diabetes were assessed among the Hispanics. RESULTS: Intakes of carbohydrate and polyunsaturated fatty acids were higher and intakes of cholesterol and saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids were lower in Hispanics than in non-Hispanic whites. Concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A-I were significantly lower among Hispanic women than among non-Hispanic white women; a similar trend was seen in men. Dyslipidemia (high triacylglycerols and low HDL cholesterol) was more prevalent among Hispanics with than without diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Ethnic differences in serum lipids exist and appear to be associated with differences in dietary intakes. However, both Hispanics and non-Hispanic whites had lipid profiles indicating a high risk of cardiovascular disease. Hispanics with diabetes were at higher risk of dyslipidemia than were those without diabetes. Our data suggest that lifestyle changes, including diet modification and exercise, could be of significant benefit to both ethnic groups. 
The purpose of this study was to address the association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure (BP) by combining information from all epidemiological studies that presented quantitative estimates of dietary protein intake and BP assessment. A literature search of MEDLINE, restricted to human studies on dietary protein intake and BP, was conducted. References cited in related studies were also reviewed. The results were as follows. 1) Of eleven cross-sectional studies identified, nine were suitable for quantitative pooled analysis. In men (total sample, n=19,954 for SBP, and 19,982 for DBP), the pooled regression coefficients (betas) of SBP and DBP on dietary protein intake were -0.03 (0.001) and -0.025 (0.01) (both, p<0.01). In women (n=950), the pooled betas were -0.014 (0.01) for SBP (p<0.05) and -0.021 (0.00) for DBP (p<0.01). In the studies that reported data for both sexes (n=12,716 for SBP and 12,508 for DBP), the pooled betas were -0.029 (0.01) and -0.0156 (0.00) for SBP and DBP (both p<0.01). 2) Twenty-four-hour dietary recall and 24-h urine collection were the main methods used for diet assessment, and their pooled results were consistent with the combined results for both sexes. 3) Results from two longitudinal studies showed inverse associations between dietary protein intake and BP after 3 and 7 years' follow-up. In conclusion, a convincing cross-sectional inverse association between dietary protein intake and BP was demonstrated by the meta-analysis of nine population-based studies. The evidence from longitudinal epidemiological studies was limited. Further studies will be needed to confirm the hypothesis of the inverse dietary protein-BP association.
This report describes the biochemistry of fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE), non-oxidative metabolites of ethanol, and their clinical significance. We review information regarding the enzymes responsible for FAEE synthesis and degradation, and the mechanisms involved with the intracellular and extracellular transport of FAEE and FAEE-mediated cytotoxicity. Also a summary of reports on the emerging clinical significance and diagnostic utility of FAEE as short and long-term markers of alcohol consumption, and the methodological aspects of FAEE assessment is included.
BACKGROUND: Folic acid intake is the most important predictor of blood folate concentrations among nonpregnant women, but the reporting of folic acid-containing supplement use is subject to error. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effect of reporting error of supplement use on blood folate concentrations. DESIGN: Data from the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were analyzed. Respondents to that survey were asked twice about supplement use: ie, during the household interview, to recall use in the previous month, and during the physical examination, to recall use in the previous 24 h. To examine the effect of error reporting, we classified women (aged 15-44 y) into 5 groups according to supplement use in the previous month (nonusers, those ingesting < 400 micro g/d, and those ingesting >or= 400 micro g/d) and in the 24 h before the physical examination (yes or no). We expected nonappreciable differences in red blood cell (RBC) folate concentration by status of 24-h recall within the same category of previous-month use because RBC folate reflects long-term average consumption. We calculated covariate-adjusted means of serum and RBC folate concentrations. RESULTS: Among women who reported average daily use of >or= 400 micro g folic acid in the previous month, the adjusted mean RBC folate was 436.5 nmol/L (95% CI: 406.7, 466.3 nmol/L) in those who did not take the supplement in the previous 24 h and 519.7 nmol/L (95% CI: 496.2, 543.2 nmol/L) in those who did do so (P < 0.01). This significant difference indicates apparently erroneous reporting of supplement use in the previous month by some participants. CONCLUSION: The effect of reporting error on blood folate concentrations is important in interpreting survey results, evaluating health education campaigns, and identifying populations needing special education programs. 
Compared with other regions in the United States, the southern region has had the highest stroke mortality rate and a more prevalent and resistant hypertension. We designed this analysis of the data obtained from the National Health and Nutritional Examination Survey III (NHANES-III), which is a community-based cross-sectional survey, to describe regional variations in blood pressure and the reported consumption of nutrients, focusing on those linked to blood pressure, in the United States. We selected the following variables from the NHANES-III data for this analysis: systolic and diastolic blood pressures, protein, carbohydrates, total fatty acids, saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, cholesterol, fiber, sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, zinc, copper, iron, riboflavin, niacin, thiamin, alcohol and vitamins C, E, B-6 and B-12. Of the 17,752 participants in the survey who were 18 y of age or older, the south had the highest systolic and diastolic blood pressures (P < 0.005 for each) and reported the highest consumption of monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids and cholesterol (P < 0.05 for all) and the least amount of fiber in the multivariate analysis (P < 0.005). The highest reported sodium consumption was in the south region (3.4 +/- 0.02 g), and the lowest was in the west (3.2 +/- 0.03 g; P < 0.05). The south also consumed the least potassium, calcium, phosphorous, magnesium, copper, riboflavin, niacin, iron and vitamins A, C and B-6 (P < 0.005). There was no difference among the four regions in frequency of "adding salt on the table." The region of the United States that includes the "stroke belt" has dietary patterns that may contribute to the high prevalence of hypertension and cardiovascular disease.
Rainbow trout were fed for 10 weeks with either a carbohydrate-free diet (C-free) or with four experimental diets containing various levels (20 or 40%) and sources of starch (extruded wheat or peas) in order to examine metabolic utilisation of dietary vegetable carbohydrates and its endocrine control. The study was focused on the parameters described as limiting in glucose metabolism in fish. Feeding trials were conducted at 8 and 18 degrees C to establish whether carbohydrate-rich diets can be used in trout farming irrespective of water temperature. At both temperatures, pea diets (especially the highest level) resulted in a feed efficiency as high as the C-free diet. Fish had similar growth rates except when fed the low wheat content diet. Glycaemia values 6 h after feeding were significantly higher in trout fed carbohydrate diets than those given the C-free diet, whereas plasma insulin levels were similar independently of the levels of dietary starch. This study provides the first evidence that glucokinase (GK) activity and mRNA level in trout liver increase in proportion to the content of dietary starch. Nevertheless, these changes were not correlated with plasma insulin levels. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) binding and number of receptors in skeletal muscle were consistently higher than those for insulin but no diet-induced differences were found for any of these parameters. Temperature clearly affected the postprandial profile of glucose and insulin, which both showed lower levels 6 h after feeding at 8 degrees C than at 18 degrees C, which was consistent with a lower feed intake. Glucose and insulin levels decreased markedly 24 h after feeding at 18 degrees C, while they were still high at 8 degrees C, an observation concordant with delayed transit rate. These findings indicate satisfactory adaptation of rainbow trout to diets with a relatively high vegetable starch content, especially when provided as extruded peas, and indicate that diets with increased levels of carbohydrates can be used in this species even when it is reared at low temperature.
The authors investigated Korean municipal middle school students to ascertain whether urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-naphthol-markers for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure-reflect PAHs in ambient air. The authors used the beta-ray absorption method, which is an index of ambient-air PAH exposure, to collect total suspended particulate (TSP) data. The authors measured urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol concentrations in 137 nonsmoking students in 4 municipal middle schools within 1 km of ambient air monitoring stations. The median concentrations of urinary 1-OHP and 2-naphthol in the study were 0.09 nmole/mol creatinine and 2.19 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively, and the geometric means were 0.10 nmole/mol creatinine and 2.47 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively. Urinary 1-OHP concentration did not correlate significantly with any TSP index. There were significant correlations between urinary 2-naphthol level and the daily mean TSP level calculated for 2 days before survey, for 1 day before survey, and for the day of survey. These data suggest that urinary 2-naphthol may be a good marker for inhalation exposure to PAHs in ambient air.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the feasibility and reproducibility of the blood flow index (BFI) method for measuring cerebral blood flow. DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective functional study in pediatric intensive care. PATIENTS AND PARTICIPANTS: 14 consecutive patients with median age of 2 months (range 1 days-11 years) requiring artificial ventilation, invasive arterial blood pressure monitoring, and central venous access. INTERVENTIONS: The first passage of an intravenous indocyanine green (ICG) bolus through the cerebral vasculature was monitored by noninvasive near-infrared spectroscopy. BFI was calculated by dividing maximal ICG absorption change by rise time. Reproducibility was evaluated by six ICG injections at 5-min intervals. RESULTS: Of all ICG injections 6% were canceled, and 4% were eliminated due to injection failures. Median BFI of 17 reproducibility determinations was 71 (range 12-213) and median coefficient of variation (CV) of BFI was 10% (4.9-18.5). The quantity of ICG bolus did not affect the CV (0.1 vs. 0.3 mg ICG/kg). Eight reproducibility tests in patients after cardiac surgery had smaller CV than the others, and the eight in newborns had higher CV than in older children. Patient parameters such as arterial blood pressure, endtidal CO(2), and percutaneous oxygen saturation were stable and showed CV below 2% during reproducibility determination. CONCLUSIONS: The BFI method allows rapid and repeated measurements of CBF with good feasibility and reproducibility. As a relative but not absolute measure of CBF, BFI seems to be suited for clinical evaluation of intraindividual CBF changes during determination of cerebrovascular reactivities or during therapeutic interventions. 
OBJECTIVE: We examined the effects on serum sex steroids, lipids and markers of oxidative stress of supplementing the diets of healthy male volunteers with scones made with soya flour. DESIGN: A randomized placebo controlled cross-over trial. SETTING: University Hospital of Wales. SUBJECTS: Twenty volunteers recruited by advertisement. INTERVENTIONS: Male volunteers ate three scones a day in addition to their normal diet for a period of 6 weeks. The scones were made with either wheat or soya flour (containing 120 mg/day of isoflavones). Blood was analysed for sex steroids (testosterone, dihydro-testosterone, oestradiol, oestrone, sex hormone binding globulin, albumin and the concentration of non-protein bound sex steroids were calculated), lipid profile (total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides) and measures of oxidative stress (hydroperoxides, susceptibility of LDL to oxidation with copper and myeloperoxidase). RESULTS: The volunteers' mean age was 35.6 (s.d. 11.2) y. Total serum testosterone fell in volunteers taking the soya scones (19.3-18.2 nmol/l; 95% CI 1.01, 1.12; P=0.03). No significant changes were seen in the concentrations of the other serum sex steroids, albumin or sex hormone binding globulin throughout the study. Significant improvements in two of the three markers of oxidative stress were seen in volunteers taking soya scones. Lag time for myeloperoxidase rose from 55.0 to 68.0 min (95% CI -16.0, -3.5; P=0.009) and the presence of hydroperoxides decreased from 2.69 to 2.34 micro mol/l (95% CI 0.12, 0.71; P=0.009). There were no changes seen in serum triglycerides or cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: We have shown that soya supplements reduce serum testosterone and improve markers of oxidative stress. These findings provide a putative mechanism by which soya supplements could protect against prostatic disease and atherosclerosis. Further dietary studies with clinical end points are warranted. 
The relationship between regional reproduction rates of bald eagles (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) and concentrations of p.p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (p,p'-DDE) and total polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in blood plasma from nestling bald eagles was assessed. Blood was analyzed from 309 nestlings from 10 subpopulations of eagles across the Great Lakes region. Geometric mean concentrations of p,p'-DDE and total PCBs were inversely correlated to the productivity and success rates of nesting bald eagles within nine subpopulations. Nestlings eight weeks of age and older had significantly greater geometric mean concentrations of total PCBs and p,p'-DDE than nestlings less than eight weeks of age. The ability to use measurements of p,p'-DDE and total PCBs in nestling blood to determine the potential impact of these contaminants on adult nesting on a regional scale was demonstrated.
An investigation involving raccoons (Procyon lotor) as a sentinel species at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant (PGDP) in Western Kentucky (USA) delineated the extent of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and PCB spatial distribution. Raccoon exposure to PCBs was demonstrated through analysis of subcutaneous fat, abdominal fat, liver, and brain tissues from raccoons collected at the PGDP but also was clearly evident in raccoons from a reference area situated along the Ohio River (USA). Raccoons with the highest tissue PCB concentrations appeared to be those inhabiting areas nearest the plant itself and most likely those that ventured into the plants interior. Male raccoons at the PGDP had similar concentrations of total PCBs in subcutaneous fat (1.86 +/- 0.64 microg/g) as males from the reference site (1.41 +/- 0.35 microg/g), but females had higher PCB body burdens than those at the reference site (9.90 +/- 6.13 microg/g vs 0.75 +/- 0.40 microg/g). Gross measurements of exposure to radiation-producing materials revealed that counts per minute exceeded background in 61% of PGDP raccoons compared with 27% at the reference site and five raccoons at the PGDP had beta counts that were more than twice the background. Differences among trapping success, growth rates, and serum chemistry parameters were noted but may have been related to habitat and other environmental and population density factors.
BACKGROUND AND METHODS: Lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] levels represent an independent risk factor for cardio- and cerebrovascular diseases. Since lipoprotein(a) levels show a wide variability even in subjects with similar apolipoprotein(a) isoforms, we investigated the contribution of apolipoprotein(a) heterozygosity to lipoprotein(a) variance. Lipoprotein(a) levels, apolipoprotein(a) isoforms identification and expression, and the correlation with other lipo-apolipoprotein parameters have been investigated in 628 subjects >18 years of age. RESULTS: In our study, 246 subjects were found heterozygous for apolipoprotein(a) isoforms. Lipoprotein(a) levels were higher in females. About 40% of the subjects expressed the larger isoform more intensely than the dominant isoform. Lipoprotein(a) was correlated with apolipoprotein(a) dominant isoform size, HDL-cholesterol and smaller apolipoprotein(a) isoform expression rate. Lipoprotein(a) was independently correlated with the smaller apolipoprotein(a) isoform, with its expression rate and with LDL-cholesterol. The inclusion of the smaller apolipoprotein(a) expression rate in a multiple regression model explained at least an additional 4% of the lipoprotein(a) variance after correction for apolipoprotein(a) size. CONCLUSIONS: The smaller isoforms are not always effectively dominant in heterozygosis since 40% of the subjects expressed more the larger isoform. The individual variability of apolipoprotein(a) isoform expression in heterozygosis could explain part of the lipoprotein(a) levels variability. 
PURPOSE: To calibrate and compare intake of different fats and individual fatty acids as assessed with a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) against that estimated with (i) a series of dietary recalls and; (ii) the relative fat concentration in an adipose tissue biopsy. The FFQ was specially designed for use in a cohort of Seventh-day Adventists. In preparation for a large cohort study investigating the effect of diet on risk of colon, prostate and breast cancer. METHODS: The association of adipose tissue fatty acids and dietary fat intake was assessed in 49 black and 72 white Seventh-day Adventists subjects using 8 different 24-hour recalls, a 200-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and adipose tissue biopsies from each subject. RESULTS: Pearson correlation between fatty acids in adipose tissue and dietary intake as assessed by multiple 24-hour recalls were as follows: Linoleic acid: 0.77 in black and 0.71 in white subjects, respectively; Linolenic acid: 0.68 (blacks) and 0.62 (whites); Total Polyunsaturated fat (PUFA): 0.78 (blacks) and 0.70 (whites); Total Monounsaturated fat (MUFA): 0.35 (blacks) and 0.03 (whites); Total Saturated fat (SFA): 0.46 (blacks) and 0.56 (whites). Correlations between fatty acids in adipose tissue and dietary intake as assessed by FFQ were: Linoleic acid: 0.61 (blacks) and 0.52 (whites), respectively; Linolenic acid: 0.29 (blacks) and 0.49 (whites); PUFA: 0.62 (blacks) and 0.53 (whites); MUFA: 0.07 (blacks) and 0.31 (whites), SFA: 0.21 (blacks) and 0.31 (whites). CONCLUSIONS: Our study confirms findings of others that 24-hour recalls are valid for assessing dietary intake of different types of fat. The FFQ we developed and used in this study gave reasonably valid measures of fatty acid intake in our population and is thus suitable for use in large cohort studies. It had validity comparable to that observed for other FFQs. 
The British Pharmacopoeia (BP) monograph for cyproheptadine HCl tablets requires a 'Related substances' thin-layer chromatography (TLC) test. This test revealed an extraneous spot with an R(f) of 0.1 in certain cyproheptadine HCl tablets that were under ambient retention conditions as well as those on stability programs. An investigation utilizing LC-MS, direct infusion MS, NMR, and organic synthesis has identified that the spot results from the N-oxide of cyproheptadine (a genuine degradate) and a co-eluting cyproheptadine-dichloromethane adduct, an artifact formed during the sample extraction step in which dichloromethane is used in the extracting solvent.
Differences in methods of reverse-transcriptase (RT)-polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based detection of tumour cells in the blood gives rise to conflicting results, and standardisation is urgently needed. This pilot study aimed to assess the variation of RT-PCR-based detection of tumour cells in blood between four different laboratories using a commercially available kit with a standardised protocol. This kit allows comparison of results from different laboratories and facilitates the investigation of the influence of pre-analytical parameters. All laboratories analysed identical sets of blood samples spiked with tumour cells in a concentration range of 1-100 tumour cells/ml. To study at which level variation was introduced, three kinds of sample sets were generated in which (i) tumour cell RNA was spiked in the RNA of mononuclear cells (MNC), (ii) tumour cells were spiked in isolated MNC, and (iii) tumour cells were spiked in blood. Real-time quantitative RT-PCR was used to detect and quantify cytokeratin 20 (CK20) expression, which is indicative for the presence of epithelial tumour cells. All laboratories were able to detect CK20 expression in all spiked-RNA samples with limited variation in expression levels between laboratories. There was a positive correlation between the amount of spiked tumour cell RNA and CK20 expression level. RT-PCR analysis of spiked-MNC samples resulted in more variation in the CK20 expression levels between laboratories, however again all spiked samples were reported to be positive by all of the laboratories. The evaluation of spiked-blood samples gave rise to considerable quantitative and qualitative variation between the laboratories. Our results underline the importance and need for standardisation and extended quality control studies in the field of pre-analytics.
Although clinical hypertension occurs less frequently in children than in adults, ample evidence supports the concept that the roots of essential hypertension extend back to childhood. Since little is available in the literature on causal dietary factors of hypertension in children, this study hypothesised that certain dietary factors can be identified as risk markers that might contribute to the aetiology of hypertension in black children. Children aged 10-15 years were randomly selected from 30 schools in the North West Province from 2000 to 2001. These children comprised 321 black males and 373 females from rural to urbanised communities, of which 40 male and 79 female subjects were identified with high-normal to hypertensive blood pressure. Blood pressure was measured with a Finapres apparatus and data were analysed with the Fast Modelflo software program to provide systolic, diastolic and mean blood pressure. A 24-h dietary recall questionnaire and weight and height measurements were taken. In a stepwise regression analysis, the following variables were significantly associated (P < or = 0.05) with blood pressure parameters of hypertensive males: biotin, folic acid, pantothenic acid, zinc and magnesium. Energy, biotin and vitamin A intakes were significantly associated with blood pressure parameters of hypertensive females. No significant dietary markers were indicated for any of the normotensive groups. Dietary intakes of all of these nutrients were well below the dietary reference intakes. In conclusion, the dietary results coupled with the cardiovascular parameters of this study identified folic acid and biotin as risk markers that could contribute to the aetiology of hypertension in black persons. The low intakes of these nutrients, among others, is a matter of serious concern, as is the increasing tendency towards urbanisation.
OBJECTIVE: This study examined the interaction between body mass index (BMI) and attempting to lose weight for reporting of: (1) macro- and micronutrient intake; (2) intake of low-nutrient-density foods; and (3) serum biomarkers of dietary exposure and cardiovascular disease risk. METHODS: Dietary, anthropometric and biochemical data were from the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988-1994), n=13 095. Multiple regression methods were used to examine the independent associations of BMI, trying to lose weight, or the interaction of BMI-trying to lose weight with reported intakes of energy, nutrients, percentage energy from low-nutrient-density foods (sweeteners, baked and dairy desserts, visible fats and salty snacks), and serum concentrations of vitamins, carotenoids and lipids. RESULTS: BMI was an independent positive predictor (P<0.05) of percentage of energy from fat, saturated fat, but a negative predictor of the ratio of reported energy intake to estimated expenditure for basal needs (EI/BEE), percentage of energy from carbohydrate and alcohol (men only), and serum concentrations of folate, vitamin C, vitamin E and most carotenoids in both men and women. Trying to lose weight was a negative predictor (P<0.05) of EI/BEE, intake of energy, and energy density, but not micronutrient intake. Higher mean serum ascorbate, vitamin E, lutein/zeaxanthin, and other carotenoids (men only) concentrations were associated with trying to lose weight (P<0.05) in both men and women. Few adverse BMI-trying to lose weight interaction effects were noted. CONCLUSIONS: There was little evidence of increased nutritional risk in those reportedly trying to lose weight irrespective of weight status. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of dietary sodium and potassium, as reflected by the urinary sodium/potassium excretion, and calcium intake with blood pressure and the prevalence of hypertension among older Chinese vegetarians in Hong Kong. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Research clinic in a teaching hospital in Hong Kong. SUBJECTS: A total of 111 ambulatory vegetarians over the age of 55 were recruited from members of religious organizations or old age hostels. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Hypertension was defined as supine blood pressure >140/90 mmHg or a history of hypertension. Dietary sodium, potassium and calcium intakes were assessed by 24 h recall method or fasting urinary sodium or potassium/creatinine ratios. RESULTS: Seventy-one subjects (64%) were found to have hypertension. Compared with normotensive subjects, hypertensive subjects had lower calcium intake (411+/-s.d. 324 vs 589+/-428 mg, P=0.04), but higher urinary sodium/creatinine ratio (32.6+/-19.3 vs 21.0+/-12.4, P=0.00) and sodium/potassium ratio (4.7+/-2.8 vs 3.4+/-2.3, P=0.02). Among 88 subjects not taking diuretics or antihypertensive drugs, systolic blood pressure was related to calcium intake (r=-0.40), urinary sodium/creatinine ratio (r=0.39), urinary sodium/potassium ratio (r=0.30) and age (r=0.23). Diastolic blood pressure was related to urinary sodium/creatinine (r=0.29). Twenty-three subjects with high urinary sodium/potassium and low calcium intake and 16 subjects with low urinary sodium/potassium ratio and high calcium intake differed markedly with respect to systolic blood pressure (159+/-26 vs 130+/-15 mmHg) and prevalence of hypertension (78% vs 25%). CONCLUSIONS: Older Chinese vegetarians are predisposed to hypertension because of their sodium-rich but calcium-deficient diets. 
OBJECTIVE: Assessment of functional vitamin B(12) status in a subset of the respondents in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over. SETTING: National Diet and Nutrition Survey: a British nationwide cross-sectional sample of people aged 65 y and over, living either in the community or in institutions such as nursing homes, during one calendar year spanning 1994-1995. METHODS: Methylmalonic acid (MMA) concentrations were measured in plasma samples from 313 subjects (ca 14% of those originally enrolled in the survey). The results were compared with those for serum vitamin B(12), vitamin B(12) intakes and other status and intake estimates and with socio-demographic indices. RESULTS: Of the NDNS participants overall, 20% had serum vitamin B(12) concentrations<150 pmol/l. In the subset studied here, 24% of free-living and 46% of institution-living participants had MMA>0.5 micromol/l. Geometric mean MMA increased with age, from 0.25 micro mol/l in people aged 65-74 y to 0.38 micro mol/l in people aged 85+y. There was little evidence for any gender difference in MMA. It was inversely correlated with serum vitamin B(12) and with red blood cell folate; it was positively correlated directly with total homocysteine, but not significantly with serum folate or with vitamin B(12) intake. Among respondents with high MMA, a subgroup had normal serum vitamin B(12) but higher-than-average plasma urea and creatinine. Socio-demographic co-variates of MMA included receipt of State income benefits, social class of head of household, and educational attainment. These indices were not correlated with serum vitamin B(12). CONCLUSIONS: The progressive increase in MMA with age is metabolic evidence for increasing risk of functional vitamin B(12) deficiency with increasing age in older people. There is evidence that renal function is linked to high MMA in some older people. Age and renal function are thus both important when establishing upper reference limits for MMA. The socio-demographic observations suggest a link between poverty and poor functional vitamin B(12) status in older British people. 
Urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) DNA adduct has been used as a biomarker in epidemiological studies. However, the determinants for urinary 8-OHdG have not been clearly identified. We tested urinary 8-OHdG levels in 205 male workers who had been exposed to vinyl chloride monomer (VCM). Epidemiological information was obtained by an interviewer-administered questionnaire. Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and anti-hepatitis C antibody (anti-HCV) were also determined by immunoassay. Plasma antioxidants including Vitamins A and E, alpha- and beta-carotenes were assayed by high performance liquid chromatography. Median of urinary 8-OHdG level was 9.8 ng/mg creatinine (range, 1.4-60.1). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that alcohol drinkers had higher urinary 8-OHdG than those who did not, but there was no dose-response between the amount of alcohol consumption and urinary 8-OHdG. Workers with positive HBsAg, anti-HCV and elevated plasma Vitamin A level were independently associated with higher levels of urinary 8-OHdG, whereas age, smoking, body mass index, plasma alpha- and beta-carotenes, Vitamin E levels, or VCM exposure did not show such an association. The results suggest that active inflammation of hepatitis B and C, alcohol consumption and higher Vitamin A level can induce oxidative stress. Thus, we conclude that potential determinants need to be considered in epidemiological studies when urinary 8-OHdG is used as a biomarker.
The accuracy of a lead screening questionnaire in predicting elevated blood lead levels was examined in a pediatric practice in a rural part of New York state. A retrospective chart review was used to collect data on children ages 9 to 24 months who presented for well-child visits. Children with both questionnaire and lead level results available in the chart were included in the study (n = 171). The mean blood lead level among all children was 1.6 microg/dl (median = 2.0 microg/dl, range 0 to 24 microg/dl). Four children (2.3%) had elevated lead levels (greater than 10 microg/dl), with levels for two of these children being greater than 20 microg/dl. Although our lead screening questionnaire was expanded from the standard 1991 CDC questionnaire by the inclusion of six additional items, it was not especially useful in predicting elevated blood lead levels above 10 microg/dl. However, the questionnaire exhibited some utility in predicting marked elevations in blood lead levels (over 20 microg/dl). Although results in other geographic areas might differ, the lead questionnaire may have value by enhancing parents' awareness of potential lead hazards in their children's environment and may prove to be more useful in areas of high risk to lead exposure.
Hair samples were collected from 60 patients receiving long-term methadone maintenance: 50 were taking the drug orally and 10 were receiving the drug by intravenous injection. The amount of methadone present in the hair samples was measured using methanolic extraction, derivatization of the extracts with MTBSTFA, followed by electron impact gas chromatography-mass spectrometry operating in selected ion monitoring mode. The limit of quantitation for the assay was 0.4 ng/mg hair. The dose/concentration relationship for methadone in hair was investigated. No interindividual correlation between prescribed dose and concentration of methadone in hair was observed.
BACKGROUND: Soy foods may have various health benefits, but little is known about the patterns and correlates of soy consumption among postmenopausal women in the United States. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the reliability and validity of a soy food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and examined demographic, lifestyle, and dietary correlates of plasma isoflavone concentrations in postmenopausal women. DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study, soy isoflavone intake and plasma isoflavone concentration were analyzed in 96 postmenopausal women aged 50-79 y; the data were obtained at 2 visits that were 1 wk apart. Intake was determined with a 20-item soy FFQ and a comprehensive FFQ that included questions about tofu and soymilk. Fasting plasma daidzein and genistein concentrations were determined with liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Intraclass correlations between week 1 and week 2 values were >0.98 for both the soy and comprehensive FFQs. Median reported isoflavone intake was <2 mg/d. Pearson's product-moment correlation coefficients relating isoflavone intakes with plasma isoflavone concentrations ranged from 0.35 to 0.43. Plasma isoflavone concentrations were positively associated with age, fiber consumption, servings of fruit and vegetables, and dietary supplement use and were inversely associated with caffeine consumption; no associations with body mass index, education, dietary beliefs, activity level, alcohol intake, or fat intake were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Within a population with low soy consumption, the soy FFQ and comprehensive FFQ showed good reliability and moderate validity. Associations of plasma isoflavone concentrations with other dietary behaviors suggest that these compounds may serve as biomarkers of health behaviors in populations with low soy consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Approximately 6% of all elderly nursing home residents receive phenytoin. Phenytoin concentrations are often measured to guide therapy. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the intraresident variability among multiple measurements of total phenytoin serum concentrations in nursing home residents. METHODS: This was an observational study of 56 elderly (>or=65 years) nursing home residents from 32 nursing homes who had at least 3 phenytoin concentrations measured while on the same dose of phenytoin for at least 4 weeks and who were not taking any interfering concomitant medications. These were a subset of 387 elderly nursing home residents from 112 nursing homes across the United States who had total phenytoin concentration measurements between June 1998 and December 2000. RESULTS: The mean age was 80.1 years (range, 65 to 100 years) and 58.9% were women. The mean daily dose of phenytoin per resident was 4.9 +/- 1.5 mg/kg. Total phenytoin concentrations within an elderly nursing home resident varied as much as two- to threefold, even though there was no change in dose. The person with the smallest variability had a minimum concentration of 10.0 micro g/mL and a maximum of 10.4 micro g/mL. The person with the largest variability had a minimum concentration of 9.7 micro g/mL and a maximum of 28.8 micro g/mL. CONCLUSIONS: There is considerable variability in the total phenytoin concentrations in the elderly nursing home resident and measurement of a single total phenytoin concentration should not be used to guide treatment. 
As is well known, a powerful earthquake along the North Anatolian Fault struck the eastern part of the Marmara region on August 17, 1999. Izmit Bay, which is known as one of the most polluted sites of Turkey, was also affected by the quake and the subsequent refinery fire. The measurements performed just before and after the earthquake showed that T-PAH levels increased significantly after the event [Okay OS, Tolun L, Telli-Karako F, Tfeki V, Tfeki H, Morko E. Izmit Bay (Turkey) ecosystem after Marmara earthquake and subsequent refinery fire: the long-term data. Marine Pollution Bulletin 2001;42:361-9]. In the framework of ecotoxicological studies, the Bay ecosystem was continuously monitored for T-PAH levels in seawater, sediments and mussels (Mytilus galloprovincialis) to find out whether change occurred during the 2-year period following the earthquake. For that purpose, after the earthquake, the samples were collected six times between the period of September 1999 and March 2001 at coastal stations of the Bay situated away from the mouth of main discharges. The responses of the mussels were also measured by means of the lysosomal stability of the blood cells and feeding rate biomarker techniques at two different sites of the bay. Although the T-PAH levels in all matrices generally showed a decreasing trend, they were found to be still high especially at stations near the refinery. Both biomarker results showed that the health status of the mussels is very poor in the Bay ecosystem, based on the results obtained from the two sites monitored.
A novel method based on column-switching high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray mass spectrometry (LC-MS) coupled with an on-line extraction column containing conjugated avidin has been developed for direct injection analysis of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and its metabolite, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), in blood samples. The sample preparation for on-line extraction involved the mixing of blood samples with internal standards, DEHP-d(4) and MEHP-d(4), in LC glass vials. A linear response was found for column-switching LC-MS when tests were conducted within the validated range of 25 to 1000 ng mL(-1) for DEHP and 5 to 1000 ng mL(-1) for MEHP, with correlation coefficients (r) greater than 0.999. In addition, the recoveries of DEHP and MEHP from human plasma were calculated by using this method with on-line extraction, yielding recoveries of up to 91.2% (RSD<5%). We measured the background levels of DEHP and MEHP in six human plasma samples from healthy volunteers and three fetal bovine serum samples for cell-line culture. DEHP and MEHP were not detected in all human plasma samples (N.D. is <25 ng mL(-1) for DEHP, and N.D. is <5.0 ng mL(-1) for MEHP). In contrast, high DEHP contamination of commercially available fetal bovine serum samples was found by this method.
Soybeans, which are an excellent source of folate, vitamin B-6 and minerals, may reduce serum homocysteine level. However, there is a possibility that dietary soy raises the serum homocysteine level because isoflavones, which are weak estrogens contained in soybeans, may exert antiestrogenic effects in a high estrogen environment, such as in premenopausal women. The present study examined a cross-sectional relationship between soy product intake and serum homocysteine level in 201 premenopausal Japanese women. Intakes of soy products, folate, methionine and vitamins B-6 and B-12 were estimated by a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Folate status was also assessed by measuring serum folate. Soy product intake in terms of soy protein as well as soy isoflavone intake was modestly but significantly inversely associated with serum homocysteine level (r = -0.15, P = 0.04) after controlling for covariates. Soy product intake was also significantly positively correlated with serum folate (r = 0.15, P = 0.04). Although it is unclear the extent to which each component of soy, such as folate and isoflavones, is associated with the serum homocysteine concentration, this biochemical complex appears to have a favorable effect on homocysteine metabolism in premenopausal women.
Unlike other macronutrients such as protein, the amounts and types of fat in the human diet vary tremendously across cultures and over time have changed significantly within Westernized countries. Studies of the effect that fat sources, fat amounts and changes in fat intake have on human disease are extremely difficult to conduct with traditional dietary assessment methods for a number of reasons. These include the hidden nature of many fats, the variation in fatty acids contained in foods and feed and the sensitivity of individuals to questions about fat intake in their diets. For these reasons biomarkers of fat intake are particularly desirable. Fat and fat-soluble substances have the advantages over other nutrients of a long half-life and readily accessible storage depots (in the absence of starvation, undernutrition or eating disorders). Technological advances in quantitative measurements of individual fatty acids, with the help of gas chromatography and mass spectrometry (GCMS)((3)) and high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), made possible the study of specific isomers of minor fatty acids from small tissue samples. Technological advances also opened the gateways to the study of fats that represent less than 1% of the total fat profiles, such as decosahexanoic acid (DHA), eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA). Biological advances enhanced our appreciation of the differences between fats of differing chain lengths within a family, including the saturated fats. Challenges remain, such as assessing total fat intake, discriminating the contribution of endogenously produced fats, determining how to evaluate the importance of relative versus absolute contributions of fat and accounting for the factors that influence deposition and mobilization of individual fats within and between individuals. Factors that can influence deposition and mobilization include genetic variation, disease status, lifestyle differences (i.e., alcohol consumption and smoking), circulating apolipoprotein levels and the hormonal milieu of the individual and the source tissue.
Isoflavones and lignans are biologically active plant-food constituents that have potential chemopreventive properties. Quantitation of isoflavones and lignans in humans is necessary to establish the benefits and risks of exposure to these compounds in populations and to determine which components of a mixed diet contribute to the exposure. Isoflavones and lignans are metabolized by colonic bacteria to more biologically active metabolites; thus both the parent compounds and the metabolites are measured routinely. Isoflavonoids (genistein, daidzein, dihydrodaidzein, O-desmethylangolensin and equol) and lignans (enterolactone, enterodiol, matairesinol and secoisolariciresinol) can be quantified in various body fluids. Typically, high concentrations of isoflavonoids in urine and serum are associated with soy consumption, and high concentrations of lignans are associated primarily with intake of whole grains and other fiber-containing plant foods. Controlled feeding studies and nutritional epidemiologic studies demonstrate a linear dose response between dietary intake and urinary excretion of isoflavones. Lignan excretion is associated positively with dietary fiber intake as well as with diets that are on average higher in fiber and carbohydrate and lower in fat; thus lignans have also been proposed as a marker of healthier dietary patterns. The complex interactions between the colonic environment and the external and internal factors that modulate it contribute to significant variation in serum and urinary phytoestrogen levels among individuals. Understanding these sources of variation is important to be able to use these measures effectively as dietary biomarkers.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The purpose of this study was to determine whether plasma glucose variability, irrespective of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), was able to predict the onset of retinopathy in Type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: The study was based on a cohort of 130 Type 2 diabetic patients without retinopathy recruited from June 1994 to June 1998. The fundus was reexamined between November 2000 and June 2001, with a mean follow-up period of 5.2 years. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) variability was measured by its variation coefficient (VC). Stratified and multivariate models were used to estimate the effect of FPG variability and mean HbA1c during follow-up on cumulative incidence (IP) of retinopathy. RESULTS: The IP of retinopathy was 36.2% and increased all along the quartiles of FPG variability (P=.001). In multivariate analyses, only the last quartile of the distribution of VC (OR=3.68; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.01-13.4; P=.049) was significant. The term of interaction between mean HbA1c and VC was not significant. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: FPG variability fulfills criteria to be considered a risk factor for retinopathy: A statistically significant association exists after adjustment for confounders, time sequence, dosage response gradient, and biological plausibility. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the variability of serum estrogens in response to transdermal estrogen replacement therapy (ET), and to determine the effects on androgens and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG). DESIGN: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. SETTING: Women's hospital. PATIENT(S): Two groups of postmenopausal women: [1] 21 women not on ET enrolled and 17 completed the study; [2] 19 women on continuous transdermal ET enrolled and 13 completed the study. INTERVENTION(S): Women not on ET were administered a placebo patch or a newly initiated estrogen patch, then crossed over to the alternate treatment. Serum samples were obtained at baseline and the subsequent 3 days from the placebo and new-patch groups and from a separate group of women receiving continuous estrogen patch treatment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Estradiol (E(2)), estrone, estrone sulfate, T, dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), androstenedione, free androgen index, and SHBG. RESULT(S): There was considerable intrapatient and interpatient variability in the estrogen response to identical treatment doses, with E(2) values differing between women as much as 138 pg/mL and E(2) increases above baseline differing as much as 90 pg/mL. Continuous treatment increased SHBG and decreased androstenedione levels; however, levels of T, DHEA, DHEAS, and free androgen index did not change. CONCLUSION(S): There is great variability of estrogen in response to transdermal ET, but minimal effect on circulating androgens. 
OBJECTIVE: To provide a framework for use of the doubly labelled water method to measure energy expenditure in order to validate dietary instruments for the assessment of energy. DESIGN: Review and description of the use of doubly labelled water method for use as a biomarker for habitual energy intake. RESULTS: The doubly labelled water method has a relative accuracy of 1% and within-subject precision of 5 to 8%. Comparison of self-reported energy intake with energy expenditure demonstrated that over one-third of individuals may underreport energy intake by more than 25%. CONCLUSIONS: The doubly labelled water method, although expensive and dependent on non-routine laboratory instrumentation, is an excellent biomarker of energy intake. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the validity of a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for assessment of the dietary intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) against a biochemical marker of fat intake, erythrocyte cell membrane phospholipid levels, during pregnancy. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis. SETTING: Developmental Neurobiology Department, National Institute of Perinatology, Mexico City. SUBJECTS: One hundred forty-six healthy pregnant women during the last trimester of pregnancy. Among women enrolled, the first 35 pregnant women (24%) had their erythrocytes analysed for fatty acid status. METHODS: We administered an FFQ and compared intakes of PUFAs against their erythrocyte cell membrane concentrations, processed by gas chromatography. RESULTS: Pearson correlation coefficients among alpha-linolenic acid (ALN), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid in erythrocyte cell membranes against their crude dietary counterparts were 0.32, 0.35 and 0.36 (each P < 0.05). In a simple linear regression, erythrocyte DHA and arachidonic acid (AA) were significantly related to their respective dietary intakes (beta = 0.30, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.007-0.60, P=0.045 for DHA; beta = 0.49, 95% CI: 0.010-0.98, P=0.044 for AA). Erythrocyte cell membrane ALN concentration (%/total) was only marginally related to ALN dietary intake (mg day-1) (beta = 0.52, 95% CI: -0.020-1.10, P=0.061). However, after adjustment for long-chain n-3 PUFA/AA, this association reached significance (beta = 0.44, 95% CI: 0.026-0.825, P=0.038). Main dietary sources for n-3 PUFAs were canned tuna fish and fresh catfish; for n-6 these were eggs and cow's milk. The use of this FFQ in these pregnant Mexican women provided estimates of average long-term intakes of PUFAs and correlated reasonably well with their erythrocyte cell membrane phospholipid status. However, we need to consider that, during pregnancy, there is a faster turnover of PUFAs from fat storage that may modify the profile of erythrocyte PUFAs and lower the correlation between dietary intake and erythrocyte PUFAs. 
Dichloroacetic acid (DCA) is a major by-product of water disinfection by chlorination. Several studies have demonstrated that DCA exhibits hepatocarcinogenic effects in rodents when administered in drinking water. This chemical does not appear to be highly mutagenic, and the mechanism(s) involved in DCA induction of cancer are not clear. The present work was aimed at identifying changes in gene expression which may indicate critical alterations/pathways involved in this chemical's carcinogenic activities. We used cDNA microarray methods for analyses of gene expression in livers of mice treated with the tumorigenic dose of 2 g/l DCA in drinking water for 4 weeks. Total RNA samples obtained from livers of the control and DCA-treated mice were evaluated for gene expression patterns with Clontech Atlas Mouse 1.2 cDNA and Atlas mouse stress/toxicology arrays, and the data analyzed with AtlasImage 2.01 and one-way ANOVA in JMP4 software. From replicate experiments, we identified 24 genes with altered expression, of which 15 were confirmed by Northern blot analysis. Of the 15 genes, 14 revealed expression suppressed two- to five-fold; they included the following: MHR 23A, cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C29, CYP 3A11, serum paraoxonase/arylesterase 1 (PON 1), liver carboxylesterase, alpha-1 antitrypsin, ER p72, glutathione S-transferase (GST) Pi 1, angiogenin, vitronectin precursor, cathepsin D (CTSD), plasminogen precursor (contains angiostatin), prothrombin precursor and integrin alpha 3 precursor (ITGA 3). An additional gene, CYP 2A4/5, had a two-fold elevation in expression. Further, in ancillary Northern analyses of total RNA isolated from DCA-induced hepatocellular carcinomas (from earlier reported studies of mice treated with 3.5 g/l DCA for 93 weeks), many of the same genes (11 of 15) noted above showed a similar alteration in expression. In summary, we have identified specific genes involved in the functional categories of cell growth, tissue remodeling, apoptosis, cancer progression and xenobiotic metabolism that have altered levels of expression following exposures to DCA. These findings serve to highlight new pathways in which to further probe DCA effects that may be critical to its tumorigenic activity.
AIM: To investigate the human sperm oxygen/energy consumption and zinc content in relation to motility. METHODS: In washed spermatozoa from 67 ejaculates, the oxygen consumption was determined. Following calculation of the total oxygen consumed by the Ideal Gas Law, the energy consumption of spermatozoa was calculated. In addition, the zinc content of the sperm was determined using an atomic absorption spectrometer. The resulting data were correlated to the vitality and motility. RESULTS: The oxygen consumption averaged 0.24 micromol/10(6) sperm x 24h, 0.28 micromol/10(6) live sperm x 24h and 0.85 micromol/10(6) live motile sperm x 24h. Further calculations revealed that sperm motility was the most energy consuming process (164.31 mJ/10(6) motile spermatozoa x 24h), while the oxygen consumption of the total spermatozoa was 46.06 mJ/10(6) spermatozoa x 24h. The correlation of the oxygen/energy consumption and zinc content with motility showed significant negative correlations (r= -0.759; P<0.0001 and r=-0.441; P<0.0001, respectively). However, when correlating sperm energy consumption with the zinc content, a significant positive relation (r=0.323; P=0.01) was observed. CONCLUSION: Poorly motile sperm are actually wasting the available energy. Moreover, our data clearly support the "Geometric Clutch Model" of the axoneme function and demonstrate the importance of the outer dense fibers for the generation of sperm motility, especially progressive motility. 
The adipocyte-derived hormones leptin [which circulates in a free form and bound to a soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R)], adiponectin, and resistin play a key role in regulating energy homeostasis and metabolism. We assessed the association between body composition, total energy, and macronutrient intake and serum leptin, sOB-R, free leptin index, adiponectin, and resistin concentrations in 61 female and 53 male consecutively enrolled healthy Greek students. In this cross-sectional study, total energy and macronutrient intake were determined using 3-d food records. Body composition was assessed by bioelectrical impedance analysis; fasting blood samples were taken for the measurement of total leptin, sOB-R, adiponectin, and resistin; and the ratio leptin/sOB-R was used as an index of free leptin. Serum sOB-R concentrations were lower in the female subjects compared with the males (27.24 +/- 29.06 vs. 50.14 +/- 39.74 ng/ml, P < 0.001), whereas leptin, adiponectin, and resistin concentrations were significantly higher in females (leptin: 9.93 +/- 6.01 vs. 3.27 +/- 2.54 ng/ml, P < 0.001; adiponectin: 11.40 +/- 6.73 micro g/ml vs. 4.90 +/- 2.79 micro g/ml; P < 0.001; resistin: 16.86 +/- 5.39 ng/ml in females vs. 14.00 +/- 7.16 ng/ml in males, P < 0.02). Simple regression analysis showed that, in both genders, leptin, free leptin index, adiponectin, and resistin correlated positively with body fat mass and negatively with waist to hip ratio. sOB-R correlated negatively with body fat mass and positively with waist to hip ratio. Multiple regression analysis models controlling for gender, body fat, and total energy intake demonstrated that sOB-R is positively associated with energy intake from carbohydrates and negatively with energy intake from dietary fat, whereas free leptin index is negatively associated with energy intake from carbohydrates and positively with energy intake from dietary fat. No statistically significant correlations were observed between serum adiponectin or resistin concentrations and total energy or macronutrient intake. Thus, total energy intake and macronutrient composition of the diet are associated with sOB-R and free leptin index but do not play a role of comparable significance in predicting adiponectin and resistin concentrations in healthy young subjects.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate background exposure levels and determinants of the individual variations in the exposure to dioxins in Japan. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed on 131 men and 122 women (aged 20-76 years), who resided in five prefectures of Japan and had no occupational exposure to dioxins. Seven polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), ten polychlorinated dibenzo-furans (PCDFs) and 12 polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), which are assigned a toxicity equivalent factor, were determined in fasting blood. Biochemical analysis of plasma and a questionnaire survey on life-style, including dietary habit, were also performed. Factors associated with the levels of dioxin-related compounds in blood were evaluated by multiple linear regression. RESULTS: The median of total toxicity equivalents (TEQs) in men and women was 17 and 16 pg TEQ/g lipid, respectively, with no gender difference. After adjustment for age and other covariates, plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid, a biomarker of fish intake, were found to be positively associated with blood levels of total dioxin, PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs, all of which were expressed on a TEQ basis (P<0.01). The frequency of intake of coastal fish, such as horse mackerel, mackerel and sardine, was also associated with TEQ-based concentrations of PCDFs (P=0.03) and PCBs (P=0.08). The intake of raw fish was positively related to total dioxins (P=0.06) and PCBs (P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: The level of intake of marine fish, especially raw fish and coastal varieties, may be associated with increased blood levels of dioxin-related compounds among the population. Despite high fish consumption in Japan, the body burden of dioxins in the population was not found to be higher than that in western countries. 
Two fluorimetric HPLC methods are described for the quantification of naphthols, phenanthrols and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in urine specimens obtained from male Wistar rats exposed to naphthalene, phenanthrene and pyrene. The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were given intraperitoneally, either alone (1.0 mmol/kg body weight) or as an equimolar mixture (0.33 mmol/kg), using the same dosages for repeated treatments on week 1 and week 2. Between these treatments, PAH-metabolizing activities encoded by aryl hydrocarbon (Ah) receptor-controlled genes were induced in the rats with beta-naphthoflavone (betaNF). Chromatographic separation of five phenanthrols (1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, and 9-isomers) was accomplished using two different RP C-18 columns. Despite selective detection (programmable wavelengths), the quantification limits in the urine ranged widely: 1-OHP (0.18 microg/l) <phenanthrols (0.34-0.45 microg/l) <2-naphthol (1.5 microg/l) <1-naphthol (4 micro g/l). The relative standard deviation of the methods was good, as also was the reproducibility. The molar fraction of the dose excreted in 24-h urine as naphthols (<or=4.0%), phenanthrols (<or=1.1%), and 1-OHP (<or=2.4%) was low. Urinary disposition increased differentially in betaNF-induced rats: naphthols, 9-phenanthrol (1- to-2-fold); 2-, 3-, and 4-phenanthrols (4- to 5-fold); 1-phenanthrol and 1-OHP (over 11-fold). The OH-metabolites were analyzed before and after enzymatic hydrolysis (beta-glucuronidase/arylsulfatase). The percentage excreted as a free phenol in urine varied for 1-OHP (2-11%), 1-naphthol (36-51%), 2-naphthol (59-65%), and the phenanthrols (29-94%). 1-Naphthyl- and 1-pyrenyl beta- d-glucuronide served as measures for the completeness of enzymatic hydrolysis. Characteristic differences observed in the urinary disposition of naphthalene, phenanthrene, and pyrene are described, as well as important factors (dose, metabolic capacity, relative urinary output) associated with biomarker validation. This intervention study clarifies intraindividual variation in PAH metabolism and provides useful information for the development of new methods applicable in the biomonitoring of PAH exposure in humans.
Di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP) alters male reproductive development by decreasing testicular testosterone (T) production when fetuses are exposed on gestation days (GD) 12-21. Previous studies have shown altered gene expression for enzymes in the T biosynthetic pathway following exposure to DBP. The objectives of this study were to develop a more detailed understanding of the effect of DBP on steroidogenesis, using a robust study design with increased numbers of dams and fetuses, compared with previous studies, and to explore messenger RNA (mRNA) expression for other critical genes involved in androgen biosynthesis and signaling. Additionally, immunohistochemical localization of protein expression for several key genes was performed to further confirm mRNA changes. Fetal Leydig cell lipid levels were also examined histochemically, using oil red O. Six to seven pregnant Crl:CD(SD)BR rats per group were gavaged with corn oil or DBP at 500 mg/kg/day on GD 12-19. Testicular RNA isolated from three randomly selected GD 19 fetuses per litter was used for real-time RT-PCR for the following genes: scavenger receptor class B-1 (SRB1), steroidogenic acute regulatory protein (StAR), P450 side-chain cleavage enzyme (P450scc), 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (3beta-HSD), P450c17, 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (17beta-HSD), androgen receptor (AR), luteinizing hormone receptor (LHR), follicle-stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR), stem cell factor tyrosine kinase receptor (c-kit), stem cell factor (SCF), proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), and testosterone-repressed prostate message-2 (TRPM-2). mRNA expression was downregulated for SRB1, StAR, P450scc, 3beta-HSD, P450c17, and c-kit following DBP exposure, and TRPM-2 was upregulated. 17beta-HSD, AR, LHR, FSHR, and PCNA were not significantly changed. Immunohistochemical staining for c-kit was seen in fetal Leydig cells, which has not been previously reported. Downregulation of most of the genes in the T biosynthetic pathway confirms and extends previous findings. Diminished Leydig cell lipid content and alteration of cholesterol transport genes also support altered cholesterol metabolism and transport as a potential mechanism for decreased T synthesis following exposure to DBP.
Two kinds of food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)s were used in the baseline and 5-year follow-up survey of the Japan Public Health Center-based prospective Study on Cancer and Cardiovascular Diseases (JPHC Study Cohort I), a prospective follow-up study with 50,000 population. The former (FFQ00) was a 44-item FFQ without standard portions/units and the latter (FFQ05) was a 138-item FFQ with standard portions/units. To validate these FFQs, a 7-day dietary record (DR) survey with blood and urine collection was conducted in four seasons in the Ninohe (Iwate), Yokote (Akita) and Saku (Nagano) Public Health Center (PHC) areas, and in two seasons in the Ishikawa (Okinawa) PHC area. Another FFQ00 and FFQ05 have also been employed at a one-year interval to measure reproducibility. A total of 102 men and 113 women provided complete 28-day DRs (14 days for Okinawa) and then filled out both FFQs after three or six months. A total of 92 men and 104 women provided blood twice, and 37 men and 65 women provided 24-hour urine twice. The data from these surveys have been used to measure the validity and reproducibility of the estimated food groups and nutrient intake by each FFQ.
The objective of this study was to evaluate the validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to estimate nutrient and food intake in the subjects of the Japan Public Health Center-based prospective Study on Cancer and Cardiovascular Diseases (JPHC Study Cohort II). The FFQ was originally developed to estimate intake in the JPHC Study Cohort I. A total of 392 subjects were recruited from the entire cohort participants in the 6 areas of Cohort II on a voluntary basis. The subjects completed the FFQ used for the 5-year follow-up survey twice at approximately a 1-year interval. Seven-day dietary records (DR) and blood samples were collected 4 times at 3-month intervals over a year. Daily nutrient and food intakes from FFQ and DR were estimated. The Spearman correlation coefficients for estimated intakes were calculated between FFQ and DR for validity, and between 2 identical FFQs for reproducibility. Correlation coefficients for the validity ranged from 0.09 to 0.82 among various nutrients and food groups. The correlation coefficients for most of the nutrients and food groups were improved to a level comparable to that of Cohort I by energy-adjustment. Correlation coefficients for reproducibility ranged from 0.42 to 0.82, similar to those of Cohort I.
The purpose of this work was to determine the within-session variability and between-session repeatability of the Canon Laser Blood Flowmeter (CLBF), Model 100, an instrument that permits the noninvasive measurement of retinal blood flow. The CLBF calculates flow in microl/min based on the Poiseuille principle. One eye of 20 normal subjects (mean age 36.5; SD 9.7 years) was randomly chosen. A minimum of five measurements was acquired of a temporal arteriole approximately 1 disc diameter from the optic nerve. Measurements were repeated within a 1-month period. Blood pressure and intraocular pressure were measured. The coefficient of variation (COV) and the coefficient of repeatability (COR) were calculated for each individual. The individual COVs for diameter, velocity, and flow ranged from 0.5 to 6.5% (median 2.0%), 4.8 to 39.7% (median 19.9%), and 4.8 to 37.3% (median 19.3%), respectively. The group mean CORs for diameter, velocity, and flow were 5.2 microm (relative to a mean effect of 104.6 microm), 8.8 mm/s (relative to a mean effect of 33.9 mm/s), and 2.6 microl/min (relative to a mean effect of 8.8 microl/min), respectively. The CLBF gave consistent and repeatable measurements of blood flow within retinal arterioles in normal subjects. Given the range of individual variation in the velocity measurement, and thus flow, confidence limits for retinal hemodynamics need to be determined on an individual basis.
The reproducibility of repeated human regional hepatic blood flow quantification using [15O]water and positron emission tomography (PET) was evaluated as a method of monitoring the effect of drug administration on hepatic blood flow. Nineteen patients underwent two measurements of hepatic blood flow by PET. Fifteen minutes after the first dynamic study using [15O]water, a second dynamic study was performed, and hepatic blood flow was calculated. The correlation between the first and second dynamic study of arterial blood flow was highly significant (P=6.31 x 10(-10), r=0.946). The regression line was y=1.08x. The mean error between studies was 0.158. The correlation between the first and second dynamic study of portal blood flow also was significant (P=1.29 x 10(-7), r=0.897). The regression line was y=1.03x. The mean error between the studies was 0.164. The correlation between total hepatic blood flow in the first and second dynamic study, too, was significant (P=2.68 x 10(-7), r=0.888). The regression line was defined by y=1.06x. The mean error between studies was 0.140. Hepatic blood flow has increased if the second measurement of hepatic arterial, portal, and total blood flow is more than 115%, 111% and 114% of baseline, and has decreased if the second measurement is less than 101%, 95% and 98% of the first measurement.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic (HPLC) method with fluorescence detection was developed for the quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in human hair. Fifteen kinds of PAHs classified as priority pollutants by the US EPA were quantified with four perdeuterated PAHs as internal standards. After 50 mg hair samples were washed with n-hexane to remove external contamination of PAHs, the samples were digested in 2.5 M sodium hydroxide. The digests were extracted with n-hexane and then analyzed by HPLC. Eleven kinds of PAHs were identified in hair samples of 20 subjects, and 10 kinds of PAHs were eventually quantified using the internal standards. For anthracene, chrysene and benzo[k]fluoranthene, significant differences were observed between smokers and non-smokers. Although benzo[b]fluoranthene, dibenz[a,h]anthracene, benzo[ghi]perylene and indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene were observed in the particulates of indoor and outdoor air, they were not detected in all hair samples. The analysis of PAHs in human hair should be useful as a new biomarker to evaluate the exposure to PAHs.
Gene-environment interactions are hypothesized to be major contributors to susceptibility to environmental carcinogens and interindividual variability in cancer risk. We present findings on associations between genetic susceptibility due to inherited polymorphisms of the Phase II detoxification enzyme sulfotransferase 1A1 (SULT1A1), breast cancer risk, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts. A hospital based case-control study was conducted at the New York-Presbyterian Medical Center (NYPMC). The study utilized two control groups: one comprised of women with benign breast disease (BBD) and the other comprised of women visiting NYPMC for routine gynecologic checkups (healthy controls). Blood samples were collected from cases and controls; and breast tissue from pathology blocks was collected from cases (tumor and non-tumor tissue) and BBD controls (benign tissue). PAH-DNA adduct levels were measured by immunohistochemistry in breast tissue samples, and the SULT1A1 (Arg/His) polymorphism at codon 213 was determined by PCR RFLP analyses using DNA from white blood cells. Increasing number of His alleles was modestly associated with breast cancer case-control status, when cases were compared to healthy controls (p for trend = 0.08), when cases were compared to BBD controls (p for trend = 0.08) and when cases were compared to both control groups combined (p for trend = 0.07). Contrary to our hypothesis PAH-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue were not associated with SULT1A1 genotype. Our findings are consistent with a prior report that the Arg/His polymorphism in SULT1A1 is associated with breast cancer risk.
Consumption of sport-caught fish from the Great Lakes is a recognized source of human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Understanding temporal changes in PCB body burden is crucial for evaluating exposure levels and augmenting validity of studies investigating their relationship to adverse health effects. Using data collected from 1980 to 1995, we evaluated longitudinal changes in serum PCB levels among 179 fisheaters and non-fisheaters of the Michigan Fisheater Cohort. Participants identified as fisheaters in 1980 ate 26 lb or more of sport-caught fish per year, whereas non-fisheaters ate less than 6 lb per year. We found a monotonic decline in serum PCB levels among all participants from a mean value of 24 ppb in 1980 to 12 ppb in 1994. This was paralleled by an 83% decrease in mean fish consumption among all participants over the same period. We combined demographic, lifestyle, and fish consumption information with PCB data and evaluated the data using regression models to identify predictors of PCB body burden over a 16-year period. Results of the mixed-effects linear regression model suggest that consumption of Lake Michigan fish before 1980, amount of sport-caught fish eaten in the past year, age, and year of data collection were significant determinants of current PCB body burden over the 16-year study period. PCB levels were particularly elevated for males who were classified as fisheaters in 1980, which may reflect higher levels of sport-caught fish consumption compared with female fisheaters.
DNA adducts, a reliable indicator of internal dose exposure to genotoxic agents and, possibly, of cancer risk, have been shown to be modulated by diet, particularly by the consumption of fresh fruit and vegetables, and by the intake of antioxidants (Palli et al., 2000, Int. J. Cancer, 87, 444-451). We have therefore investigated the association between DNA adducts in peripheral leukocytes and plasma levels of selected micronutrients, also taking into account the role of metabolic polymorphisms and smoking history, in a large independent random sample of volunteers enrolled in the prospective study EPIC-Italy (approximately 110 subjects from each of the three main geographical study areas, Northern, Central and Southern Italy). DNA adducts and five polymorphic metabolic genotypes were determined in peripheral leukocytes using the (32)P-post-labelling technique and PCR methods. Plasma levels of six carotenoids, retinol and alpha- and gamma-tocopherol were determined in the same blood sample. Among 331 subjects, 78.3% had detectable levels of DNA adducts (mean 7.46 +/- 0.48 per 10(9) nucleotides). Vitamin supplementation was reported by only a few subjects (3.9%). Strong inverse associations emerged between levels of DNA adducts and plasma retinol (P = 0.02), alpha-tocopherol (P = 0.04) and gamma-tocopherol (P = 0.03), but not carotenoids (except a borderline inverse association with beta-carotene, P = 0.08). An inverse significant association with plasma levels of retinol and gamma-tocopherol persisted in the subgroup of non-smokers, whereas a negative association with alpha-tocopherol emerged only in smokers. DNA adduct levels did not show any significant variation according to analyzed genotypes. Stratification by GSTM1 genotype, however, showed a significant negative association between DNA adduct levels and plasma levels of alpha- (P = 0.02) and beta-carotene (P = 0.02) in subjects with the GSTM1 null genotype. Our results confirm that biomarkers of dietary intake of antioxidants significantly modulate DNA adducts and suggest specific inverse associations between DNA adduct levels and antioxidant concentrations among GSTM1 null subjects and smokers.
The aim of our study was to investigate the relationship between dietary fibre intake and some clinical indices, blood biochemical variables and the incidence of cardiovascular disease and cancers in France, taking advantage of an ongoing cohort, the Supplementation en Vitamines et Minraux AntioXydants (SU.VI.MAX) intervention study. This preliminary report provides data on dietary fibre intake in this French adult population group of 4080 subjects (2168 men and 1912 women) aged 45-65 years at inclusion. The data obtained for fibre intake indicate that most men and women have low to moderate intakes of total dietary fibre (mean 21.0 and 17.1 g/d respectively), with only 21 % of the men and 7 % of the women having total dietary fibre intakes at the recommended level (i.e. > 25 g/d) and soluble fibre accounting for 19 % of the total dietary fibre intake for both genders. The main food sources of dietary fibre are cereals (30-35 % total), vegetables (20-24 % total) and fruit (19-22 % total). No marked regional differences were observed within France. The highest dietary fibre intakes have been found to be associated with a lower BMI, blood systolic pressure, plasma triacylglycerols and plasma glucose in men and lower BMI in women. Overall, these data support the concept of a beneficial effect of a high dietary fibre intake on cardiovascular disease risk.
BACKGROUND: Soy diet has been suggested to have antihypertensive effect in animal studies. The present study examined the cross-sectional relationship between blood pressure and intake of soy products and other food groups in Japanese men and women. METHODS: Blood pressure was measured in Japanese 294 men and 330 women (246 premenopausal and 84 peri- and postmenopausal women) who participated in a health check-up program provided by a general hospital. Intake of various food groups and nutrients was estimated from a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: In men, soy product intake was inversely significantly correlated with diastolic blood pressure (r = -0.12, P = 0.04) after controlling for age, total energy, smoking status, body mass index, and intake of alcohol, salt and seaweeds. The correlation of soy product intake with systolic blood pressure was of borderline significance (r = -0.10, P = 0.09). Systolic blood pressure was inversely correlated with intake of vegetables (r = -0.12, P = 0.04) and dairy products (r = -0.12, P = 0.05). There were no significant correlations between soy product intake and diastolic blood pressure in women. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate a mild effect of soy intake on blood pressure reduction in men. 
The authors evaluated dietary predictors of concentrations of 11 polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in breast adipose tissue from 190 women with benign breast disease who live in Ontario, Canada. Consumption of fish was positively correlated with, and the most consistent dietary predictor of, breast tissue PCB levels. Dietary predictors accounted for < 8% of the variation in breast adipose tissue PCB levels. Age was positively and most strongly associated with tissue PCB levels, perhaps representing long-term dietary intake and the complex interplay of absorption, metabolism, distribution, and excretion.
BACKGROUND: Although gastrointestinal symptoms occur frequently, there is no validated measure of gastrointestinal symptoms in patients with diabetes mellitus. AIM: To develop the Diabetes Bowel Symptom Questionnaire. METHODS: A questionnaire derived from previously validated symptom measures was compiled to assess all relevant gastrointestinal and diabetes items. Face and content validity were ascertained by expert review. One hundred and sixty-eight patients with diabetes mellitus completed the instrument, and reliability was evaluated by a test-re-test procedure 1 week later. Concurrent validity was evaluated by an independent physician interview (n = 33). Measures of glycaemic control (glycated haemoglobin and plasma glucose) were compared with self-reported glycaemic control on a five-point Likert scale in diabetic out-patients (n = 166). RESULTS: The questionnaire had adequate face and content validity. There was good to excellent test-re-test reliability for the gastrointestinal and diabetes items (median kappa: 0.63 and 0.79, respectively); concurrent validity was good to excellent (median kappa: 0.47 and 0.65, respectively), except for the items assessing the severity of gastrointestinal symptoms. Both glycated haemoglobin (P < 0.0001) and plasma glucose (P = 0.005) correlated significantly with self-reported glycaemic control. CONCLUSION: The Diabetes Bowel Symptom Questionnaire appears to be a useful measure of gastrointestinal symptoms and glycaemic control in diabetes mellitus, and should have applicability in epidemiological and clinical studies. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) may form reactive electrophiles that can bind covalently to hemoglobin in vivo. Female C57/BL6 mice, pretreated with phenobarbital and P-naphthoflavone, were injected with either radiolabeled 4-chlorobiphenyl, 3,3',4.4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl, benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) or the corresponding non-labeled 4-chlorobiphenyl, 3.3',4.4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl, B[a]P or vehicle. Blood was collected at different time points. At 24 h a greater presence of 4-chlorobiphenyl and 3,3',4.4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl in the plasma, compared with the erythrocytes, was observed. For all three treatment groups the radioactivity in the hemolysate was found to be greater than the vehicle-treated group, except at 2 h after dosing, suggesting an association with hemoglobin. Covalent binding with globin was 10-fold greater for 4-chlorobiphenyl-treated animals compared with 3,3',4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl-treated animals. Liquid chromatography-mass spectral analysis of globin was used to identify adducts. Our preliminary data show an increase in mass corresponding to adducts of oxidized metabolites of PCBs. Detection of adducts of PCBs with hemoglobin could provide a valuable tool to evaluate acute exposure of a population.
BACKGROUND: Recommendations for preventing and treating type 2 diabetes include consuming carbohydrates, predominantly from whole grains, fruit, vegetables, and low-fat milk. However, the quantity and type of carbohydrates consumed may contribute to disorders of glycemic control. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the association between carbohydrate intakes and biomarkers of glycemic control in a nationally representative sample of healthy US adults who participated in a cross-sectional study, the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. DESIGN: The sample (5730 men and 6125 women aged > or = 20 y) was divided into quintiles of carbohydrate intake (as a percentage of energy). Carbohydrate intakes were examined in relation to glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)), plasma glucose, serum C-peptide, and serum insulin concentrations by using logistic regression. RESULTS: Carbohydrate intakes were not associated with Hb A(1c), plasma glucose, or serum insulin concentrations in men or women after adjustment for confounding variables. Carbohydrate intakes were inversely associated with serum C-peptide concentrations in men and women. Odds ratios for elevated serum C-peptide concentrations for increasing quintiles of carbohydrate intake were 1.00, 0.88, 0.57, 0.39, and 0.75 (P for trend = 0.016) in men, and 1.00, 0.69, 0.57, 0.36, and 0.41 (P for trend = 0.007) in women. When carbohydrate intakes were further adjusted for intakes of total and added sugar, the association of serum C-peptide with carbohydrate intakes was strengthened in men. CONCLUSIONS: Carbohydrate intakes were not associated with Hb A(1c), plasma glucose, or serum insulin concentrations but were inversely associated with the risk of elevated serum C-peptide; this supports current recommendations regarding carbohydrate intake in healthy adults. 
AIMS: There is no generally accepted consensus how to evaluate patients with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) suggestive of bladder outlet obstruction (BOO). We have tried to determine whether the most frequently used objective variables as prostate volume, IPS-score, maximum flow rate, residual urine volume, functional bladder capacity, and pressure-flow study are reliable for diagnosis of BOO and we investigated the influence of idiopathic detrusor overactivity (IDO) on this condition. METHODS: A total of 153 men with LUTS and suspected BOO were systematically examined with routine investigation including digital rectal examination, transrectal ultrasound (TRUS), post-void residual urine volume measurement, uroflowmetry, and pressure-flow study. All patients completed IPS-score. Patients were divided into groups based on Schfer's grade of obstruction and incidence of IDO and clinical and urodynamical variables were compared. RESULTS: At baseline, 45.8% of the patients were urodynamically moderately obstructed and 37.9% were found to be severely obstructed. The grade of obstruction did not correlate with age. Prostate volume, post-void residual volume (PVR), and maximum flow rate correlated significantly with the degree of obstruction. The mean IPS-score remained almost unchanged throughout all obstruction groups. The incidence of IDO was 40.5% and increased from 16% in the minor obstruction group to 38.6% and 53.4% in the moderate and severe obstruction group, respectively. The patients with IDO were older, had larger prostates and were more obstructed. There was no impact of IDO on symptomatology of BOO. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that IPS-score does not achieve sufficient diagnostic accuracy and its role in the assessment of BOO is limited. The grade of obstruction is more related to prostate volume, PVR, and maximum flow rate. BOO and IDO seem to be related and have numerous mutual interactions. 
BACKGROUND: Polyunsaturated fatty acid intake favorably affects chronic inflammatory-related diseases such as cardiovascular disease; however, high intake of n-6 fatty acids may attenuate the known beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids. METHODS AND RESULTS: We investigated habitual dietary n-3 fatty acid intake and its interaction with n-6 fatty acids in relation to the plasma inflammatory markers C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and soluble tumor necrosis factor receptors 1 and 2 (sTNF-R1 and R2) among 405 healthy men and 454 healthy women. After adjustment for other predictors of inflammation, intake of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) was inversely associated with plasma levels of sTNF-R1 and sTNF-R2 (P=0.03 and P<0.001, respectively) and somewhat less so for C-reactive protein (P=0.08). n-3 alpha-linolenic acid and n-6 cis-linoleic acid were not significantly related to the inflammatory markers. We found little if any association between n-3 fatty acid (EPA+DHA) intake and tumor necrosis factor receptors among participants with low intake of n-6 but a strong inverse association among those with high n-6 intake (P=0.04 and 0.002 for interaction of n-3 with n-6 on sTNF-R1 and sTNF-R2, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that n-6 fatty acids do not inhibit the antiinflammatory effects of n-3 fatty acids and that the combination of both types of fatty acids is associated with the lowest levels of inflammation. The inhibition of inflammatory cytokines may be one possible mechanism for the observed beneficial effects of these fatty acids on chronic inflammatory-related diseases. 
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the relation between (1) cardiorespiratory fitness and plasma saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids and (2) the interactions between cardiorespiratory fitness, dietary fat intake and plasma fatty acid composition. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: The subjects were randomly selected, 127 middle-aged Finnish men participating in the DNASCO exercise intervention study. INTERVENTIONS: Cardiorespiratory fitness was determined spiroergometrically, dietary intake of macro- and micronutrients by 4-day food records and plasma fatty acids by gas chromatography. The subjects were divided into tertiles of aerobic fitness. RESULTS: Differences between fitness tertiles were not observed for dietary intake of total fat, and saturated, monounsaturated or polyunsaturated fatty acids (percent of total energy). In contrast, plasma saturated fatty acids were significantly lower (P <0.01) and polyunsaturated fatty acids significantly higher (P <0.05) in the highest fitness tertile compared to the lowest tertile. Dietary saturated fat intake was positively associated with plasma saturated fatty acids (r=0.342; P <0.05) and inversely with plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids (r=-0.453; P <0.01) only in the lowest fitness tertile. In addition, a positive correlation between body mass index and plasma saturated fatty acids (r=0.516; P <0.01) as well as a negative correlation between body mass index and plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids (r=-0.516; P <0.01) was observed in the lowest tertile solely. CONCLUSION: Different levels in cardiorespiratory fitness are associated with different levels in plasma saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids and lead to modifications in the association between dietary and plasma fatty acids. These findings can perhaps be explained by a reduced hepatic fatty acid and lipoprotein synthesis as well as by an enhanced muscular lipid utilization, which are commonly seen in those who are physically active and who exhibit a higher level of fitness. 
This paper describes findings from a recently completed study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure among city dwellers of Dhaka, Bangladesh. We measured PAH-DNA adducts in white blood cells (WBCs) as a marker of environmental and occupational PAH exposure in 46 rickshaw drivers (who pedal commercial unshielded three-wheelers for passenger transport) and 48 non-rickshaw drivers (comparison group) in Dhaka city. We performed enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) to quantify immunologically the WBC PAH-DNA adducts. Rickshaw drivers had a significantly higher WBC PAH-DNA adducts level than the non-rickshaw drivers. Among rickshaw drivers, adduct levels tended to be positively associated with the duration of residence in the city and cigarette smoking. No such trends were observed among non-rickshaw drivers. In conclusion, the results suggest that urban residents who are occupationally exposed to traffic pollution in Dhaka are at potentially higher risk of health effects from exposure to carcinogenic PAH compounds.
In this study, we investigated by using comet assay the effects of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) as a major factor on DNA damage of workers exposed to exhaust fumes. Twenty-four workers from three automobile emission inspection companies, 28 workers from a waste incinerating company, and 43 matched, unexposed healthy subjects were enrolled in the study. The mean values of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in automobile emission inspection and waste incineration workers were 0.27+/-0.19 and 0.57+/-0.46 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively, and the mean values of 2-naphthol in automobile emission inspectors and waste incineration workers were 4.80+/-4.01 and 8.30+/-4.79 mol/mol creatinine, respectively. Significant difference in urinary metabolites, 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol was found between smokers and non-smokers in exposed groups and it may be due to the amounts of smoking cigarettes. In T-lymphocytes, DNA damage in control subjects, emission inspection workers and incineration workers were 1.42+/-0.22, 1.41+/-0.22 and 1.76+/-0.27, respectively. DNA damage of B-lymphocytes in the three groups showed the most significant differences of three cell types. The tail moments of the B-lymphocytes of control subjects, emission inspection and incineration workers were 1.40+/-0.27, 2.44+/-0.32 and 2.36+/-0.37, respectively. In granulocytes, DNA damage was also different, the tail moments being 2.72+/-0.59, 3.32+/-0.38 and 2.85+/-0.49, respectively. Although 1-OHP and 2-naphthol levels were statistically increased in smokers in workers exposed to PAHs, exposed smoking and non-smoking workers did not show any significantly difference in terms of Olive tail moments. Our results suggest that PAH causes single strand DNA breakage in human T- and B-lymphocytes, and granulocytes. A comparison of DNA damage in three groups showed that B-lymphocytes are useful target in the biomonitoring of human exposure.
Multiple-day food records or 24-hour dietary recalls (24HRs) are commonly used as "reference" instruments to calibrate food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) and to adjust findings from nutritional epidemiologic studies for measurement error. Correct adjustment requires that the errors in the adopted reference instrument be independent of those in the FFQ and of true intake. The authors report data from the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) Study, conducted from September 1999 to March 2000, in which valid reference biomarkers for energy (doubly labeled water) and protein (urinary nitrogen), together with a FFQ and 24HR, were observed in 484 healthy volunteers from Montgomery County, Maryland. Accounting for the reference biomarkers, the data suggest that the FFQ leads to severe attenuation in estimated disease relative risks for absolute protein or energy intake (a true relative risk of 2 would appear as 1.1 or smaller). For protein adjusted for energy intake by using either nutrient density or nutrient residuals, the attenuation is less severe (a relative risk of 2 would appear as approximately 1.3), lending weight to the use of energy adjustment. Using the 24HR as a reference instrument can seriously underestimate true attenuation (up to 60% for energy-adjusted protein). Results suggest that the interpretation of findings from FFQ-based epidemiologic studies of diet-disease associations needs to be reevaluated.
The aim of this study was to determine human prenatal and postnatal exposures to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), hydroxylated metabolites of PCBs (polychlorobiphenylols; OH-PCBs), and pentachlorophenol (PCP). The median PBDE fresh-weight concentrations in maternal and cord blood plasma and in breast milk were 24, 4.3, and 75 pg/g, respectively. The PCB concentrations were approximately 60 times higher in each compartment (1,560, 277, and 4,310 pg/g, respectively). Calculated on a lipid weight basis, the levels were comparable in maternal blood plasma and breast milk. In contrast to PCBs, differences were found between PBDE congener distribution in maternal and cord blood plasma. The OH-PCBs constituted up to 26% of the PCB levels in maternal blood plasma and 53% in cord blood plasma, with levels of 120 and 88 pg/g fresh weight, respectively, and in breast milk 3 pg/g. The corresponding concentrations for PCP were 2,830, 1,960, and 20 pg/g. The ratios of PCB to OH-PCB were 13, 3, and 1,400 in maternal, cord plasma, and breast milk, respectively. It is evident that prenatal exposures occur for all the analytes. Moreover, the exposure continues after birth via breast milk. However, levels of OH-PCBs and PCP in breast milk are low compared with levels in blood plasma. Exposures to both PCBs and PBDEs, and in particular to the endocrine-active halogenated phenolic compounds, are of concern and implicate a potential risk for developmental disturbances.
In the context of the Greek segment of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), we conducted a cross-sectional study to examine the effects of the intake of plant foods central in the traditional Mediterranean diet on plasma levels of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lycopene, beta-cryptoxanthin, and lutein-zeaxanthin. Study subjects were a random sample of 45 men and 68 women, aged 30-82 years, from the Greek EPIC cohort of 27,953 volunteers. Linear regression models were fitted, with the carotenoid blood levels as dependent variables. Independent variables were selected food items, as well as body mass index, controlling for energy intake and a set of demographic factors. Body mass index was inversely associated with plasma levels of the studied carotenoids. The association was highly significant for alpha-carotene and beta-carotene, significant for lutein-zeaxanthin, and borderline significant (p approximately 0.07) for lycopene. Tomato intake was significantly positively associated with plasma lycopene, and beta-carotene. Other fruity vegetables and non-fruity vegetables were significantly positively associated, the former with alpha-carotene and the latter with both alpha- and beta-carotene plasma levels. Fruits showed a highly significant positive association with plasma beta-cryptoxanthin, as well as with beta-carotene. No association was found between the intake of olive oil or other added lipids and plasma carotenoids. We conclude that among the studied components of the Mediterranean diet, fruits and vegetables tend to increase levels of some carotenoids, but olive oil has no apparent effect.
BACKGROUND: There is scientific and public concern about commonly used chemicals, including phthalates, that are associated with reproductive toxicity in laboratory animals and are hormonally active. People are exposed to phthalates through diet, consumer products and medical devices. The present study explored whether environmental levels of phthalates are associated with altered semen quality in humans. METHODS: We recruited 168 men who were part of subfertile couples and who presented to the Massachusetts General Hospital andrology laboratory for semen analysis between January 2000 and April 2001. Semen parameters were dichotomized based on 1999 World Health Organization reference values for sperm concentration (< 20 million/ml) and motility (< 50% motile), as well as Tygerberg Strict criteria for morphology (< 4% normal). The comparison group was men for whom these semen parameters were all above the reference values. In urine, eight phthalate metabolites were measured with high-performance liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry. Specific gravity-adjusted phthalate metabolite levels were categorized into tertiles. RESULTS: There was a dose-response relation between tertiles of mono-butyl phthalate and sperm motility (odds ratio per tertile = 1.0, 1.8, 3.0; P-value for trend = 0.02) and sperm concentration (1.0, 1.4, 3.3; P-value for trend = 0.07). In addition, there was a dose-response relation between tertiles of mono-benzyl phthalate and sperm concentration (1.0, 1.4, 5.5; P-value for trend = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: There were dose-response relations for monobutyl phthalate and monobenzyl phthalate with one or more semen parameters, and suggestive evidence for monomethyl phthalate with sperm morphology. The lack of a relation for other phthalates may indicate a difference in spermatotoxicity among phthalates. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) have been shown to affect retinol (vitamin A) homeostasis in adult as well as neonatal seals. The aim of the present study was to examine the relationships between plasma (PL)-retinol status and PCB concentrations in different blood compartments (blood cells (BCs), PL, and whole blood (WB)) of free-ranging neonatal gray seals (Halichoerus grypus) and to identify which PCB congeners may be responsible for the PL-retinol-depressing effects of PCBs. PL-retinol concentrations correlated positively with body mass and negatively with sigmaPCB (lipid-weight basis, lw) in WB and sigmaPCBlw in BCs. SigmaPCBlw in WB was the parameter that best described the variation in PL-retinol concentration (r2=0.455, n=20, P=0.0007). Furthermore, PL-retinol concentrations correlated with nine of the 15 detected PCB congeners. It is possible that there is an equilibration between the concentrations of metabolizable congeners and their metabolites and that the retinol-depressing effect of PCBs in neonatal gray seals is caused by PCB-OH metabolites that interfere with the formation of PL transport complexes that transport retinol in PL and increase renal excretion of retinol. This suggestion is in accordance with previous mechanistic explanations of the retinol-depressing effect of PCB in rodents.
BACKGROUND: Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is a plasticizer that is contained in most PVC devices, including apheresis disposables. Because DEHP can be extracted from apheresis disposables as the blood passes through the apheresis device, DEHP exposure was determined in healthy donors undergoing plateletpheresis performed with commercially available apheresis systems. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: The study population consisted of 36 healthy PLT donors undergoing plateletpheresis with either continuous or discontinuous apheresis devices. Serum concentrations of DEHP were determined from peripheral blood obtained before and after plateletpheresis, with gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy. RESULTS: Plateletpheresis performed with standard collection disposables resulted in a median increase of 232 percent of serum DEHP compared to levels before apheresis, corresponding to a total amount of DEHP exposed during a single apheresis of a median of 6.46 (range, 1.8-20.3) microg per kg of body weight. Endogenous levels of triglycerides showed a positive correlation with the amount of DEHP released. Increase in serum DEHP was short-term as serum DEHP rapidly returned to levels obtained before apheresis within 3 hours after completion of the apheresis course. Donor exposure to DEHP led to no variation in liver cell function within 48 hours after plateletpheresis. CONCLUSION: Commercial plateletpheresis disposables release considerable amounts of DEHP during the apheresis procedure, but the total dose of DEHP retained by the donor is within the normal range of DEHP exposure of the general population. 
The G(2) chromosomal radiosensitivity assay is a technically demanding assay. To ensure that it is reproducible in our laboratory, we have examined the effects of storage and culture conditions by applying the assay to a group of healthy controls and determined the extent of intra- and inter-individual variations. Nineteen different individuals provided one or more blood samples resulting in a total of 57 successful tests. Multiple cultures from a single blood sample showed no statistically significant difference in the number of chromatid type aberrations between cultures. A 24h delay prior to culturing the lymphocytes did not significantly affect the induced G(2) score. Intra-individual variation was not statistically significant in seven out of nine individuals. Inter-individual variation was highly statistically significant (P<0.001), indicating that there is a real difference between individuals in the response to radiation using this assay.
Circulating levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) have each been associated with premenopausal breast cancer risks. We analyzed data from a cross-sectional study of 261 premenopausal Japanese women aged 20-54 yr with adequate nutritional status to evaluate the relationships between concentrations of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in serum and dietary intakes of soy, fats and other nutrients. Diet was assessed by a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. There was no significant correlation between soy product as well as soy isoflavone intake and serum IGF-1 or IGFBP-3 levels after controlling for age, total energy, percent body fat, and education level. Total fat intake was significantly inversely correlated with serum IGFBP-3 level (r = -0.13, P = 0.04). The correlations of saturated and monounsaturated fats with serum IGFBP-3 were of borderline significance (r = -0.12, P = 0.06 and r = -0.11, P = 0.07, respectively).
To increase our analytical throughput for measuring polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and organochlorine (OC) pesticides without sacrificing data quality, we have developed and validated a combined PCB/OC pesticide gas chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry (GC-HRMS) analysis. In a single GC-HRMS analysis, both selected PCBs and OC pesticides are detected and quantified. Previously, this has been difficult, if not impossible, because of the major difference in masses of the most abundant electron-impact ions. However, we have identified slightly less abundant ions to monitor that allow us to successfully combine these analytes into a single analysis without sacrificing any analytical sensitivity or instrument reliability. Consequently, we have been able to double our analytical throughput by modification of mass spectrometric parameters alone. Our new methodology has been validated against our current GC-HRMS method, which entails using two separate injections, one for PCB analysis and one for OC pesticide analysis. The two methods differ by less than 4% overall, with no systematic bias. We used this method to analyze approximately 350 serum samples over a period of several months. We found that our new method was as reliable in automated, overnight runs as our current method.
AIMS: To determine the reproducibility and dose-response relationship for urinary salbutamol excretion post inhalation. METHODS: Fifteen volunteers inhaled either one, two, three, four or five doses of 100 micro g salbutamol on separate days and then seven of these also repeated each of the one, three and five doses on five occasions. After each study dose urine was collected 30 min post inhalation. RESULTS: The mean (SD) 30 min urinary salbutamol after one, two, three, four and five doses was 2.61 (1.0.), 5.47 (1.59), 8.68 (2.73), 12.34 (3.96) and 15.99 (4.50) micro g, respectively. Statistical analysis revealed a linear relationship (P < 0.001). Mean (SD) coefficient of variation after one, three and five doses was 10.5 (3.6), 10.1 (2.7) and 9.4 (2.3)%. CONCLUSIONS: The 30 min salbutamol urinary excretion post inhalation pharmacokinetic method, to compare inhaled products, is linear with inhaled dose and reproducible. 
Cytochrome p450 3A4 activity displays a wide variability. The urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratio, as a non-invasive assay, can be useful for its pretherapeutic characterization. We developed an HPLC-UV method preceded by liquid-liquid extraction for assessment of this ratio in clinical practice. Urine was collected on second void morning-spot sample. Percentage recoveries were high and reproducible. The 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratio ranged from 1.6 to 9.9 in 12 Caucasian healthy volunteers. It was reduced by 30 to 70% after ingestion of white grapefruit juice, a CYP3A4 inhibitor. Our method, simple, sensitive and accurate, could be helpful for determination of CYP 3A4 activity before oral chemotherapy, or for the monitoring of the use of grapefruit juice as a pharmacological modulator.
BACKGROUND: Self-reported information on alcohol from questionnaires is generally assumed to introduce misclassification of consumption, mainly in the direction of underestimation. The aim of this study was to evaluate self-reported information on alcohol consumption from a mailed questionnaire by comparing to a dietary history interview and biochemical markers of alcohol intake. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: For 76 male twin pairs of the Finnish Twin Cohort Study aged 40-70 years information on self-reported alcohol consumption was collected through mailed questionnaire and dietary history interview. Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), Gamma-glutamyltransferase (Gamma-GT) and mean corpuscular volume (MCV) were determined from blood samples. RESULTS: Mean levels of CDT, gamma-GT and MCV showed a rise with increased self-reported alcohol consumption already at low levels of reported consumption (<20 g alcohol/day). There was a positive correlation between reported amount alcohol intake per day and levels of CDT (r = 0.46), gamma-GT (r = 0.32) and MCV (r = 0.36) but within the high consumption group (> or = 30 g/day) there was no such correlation. The questionnaire had sensitivity of 28-43% and specificity of 89% for identification of high consumers of alcohol using the biochemical markers as reference and sensitivity 41% and specificity 94% using the dietary history interview as reference. Sensitivity was improved when information on binge drinking (82%) or possible drinking problems (73%) was considered. CONCLUSION: Comparison to dietary history interview as well as to biochemical markers indicate that self-reported information on alcohol consumption from a mailed questionnaire may be used to distinguish between groups with different levels of alcohol consumption. The suggested misclassification of high consumers implies that only strong associations between high alcohol intake and disease are likely to be detected in studies based on questionnaire data. 
The aim of the present study was to determine the relationship of BMI with other cardiovascular risk factors, leisure-time physical activity and diet. Participants were recruited in a cross-sectional population-based survey in a southern-Europe Mediterranean population (Spain); cardiovascular risk factors were measured, and leisure-time physical activity and diet intake were evaluated. Linear regression analysis adjusted for several confounders showed a significant, direct association of BMI and total cholesterol (P<0.005) and LDL-cholesterol (P<0.006), in men. HDL-cholesterol was inversely related to BMI in both sexes (P<0.0001). Higher BMI was more frequent in less-active men (P<0.04) but not in women. BMI increased significantly (P<0.0001) by 1.92 kg/m(2) with each 4.18 MJ consumed in men but not in women. Dietary intakes of carbohydrate (P<0.03), total fat (P<0.03) and saturated fatty acids (P<0.02) were directly associated with BMI in men but not in women, in whom protein intake was correlated (P<0.001) with BMI. Linear regression models including dietary components explained up to 10.6 and 21.1 % of BMI variability in men and women, respectively. Sex differences in the association of BMI with total cholesterol, and LDL-cholesterol, may account for the lower risk for CHD in women compared with men of similar BMI reported in the literature for the southern-Europe Mediterranean region. An increases of BMI may be more deleterious in populations in which it is accompanied by other risk factors such as a higher intake of total fat and, particularly, of saturated fatty acids, or lower leisure-time physical activity.
The authors sought to assess the repeatability of measurements of C-reactive protein, an independent predictor of coronary heart disease, in a large cohort of apparently healthy men and to correct earlier estimates of the association of C-reactive protein and coronary heart disease for the measurement error in this protein. They measured C-reactive protein by a high-sensitivity assay in 936 men aged 45-64 years in the MONICA (Monitoring of Trends and Determinants in Cardiovascular Disease) Augsburg cohort in 1984-1985 and remeasured it 3 years later. All men were subjected to an 8-year follow-up of their cardiovascular status. The analytical variation of the assay was small, with the analytical variance component at 1 percent of the within-subject variance component, a repeatability coefficient of 25 percent, and a reliability coefficient of 1.00. In contrast, the within-subject variation of C-reactive protein corresponded to a repeatability coefficient of 740 percent and a reliability coefficient of 0.54, indicating considerable within-subject variation. Based on the authors' estimates, three serial determinations of C-reactive protein should be done to achieve a reliability of 0.75, the value they found for total cholesterol. Correcting the hazard ratios in their original analysis of the association of coronary heart disease and high-sensitivity-assay C-reactive protein for the measurement error in C-reactive protein and covariables leads to a considerably larger estimate. The results suggest that the true association between C-reactive protein and cardiovascular risk is underestimated by a single C-reactive protein determination, and that several serial C-reactive protein measurements should be taken.
PURPOSE: To establish the repeatability of ocular blood flow (OBF) pneumotonometry and its agreement with Goldmann tonometry. DESIGN: Instrument evaluation study. PARTICIPANTS: Ten female healthcare professionals. METHODS: Intraocular pressure (IOP) was measured by one experienced ophthalmologist in both eyes of 10 healthy female subjects on 10 different occasions at the same time of day. The two methods were performed by alternate allocation, and laterality was chosen by random order. Repeatability coefficients and agreement plots were calculated by using the Bland-Altman method. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Intraocular pressure repeatability coefficients. RESULTS: Mean IOPs were 15.6 mmHg (right) and 15.1 mmHg (left) by OBF pneumotonometry and 12.6 mmHg (right) and 12.4 mmHg (left) by Goldmann tonometry (P < 0.001). The repeatability coefficients were 7.06 (right) and 7.66 (left) for the OBF pneumotonometer and 4.81 (right) and 3.87 (left) for the Goldmann tonometer. With regard to agreement, the OBF pneumotonometer read significantly higher than did the Goldmann tonometer. The mean bias for the right eye was 2.92 (95% limits of agreement, -4.37 to 10.20), and for the left eye it was 2.68 (95% limits of agreement, -3.93 to 9.28). CONCLUSIONS: In our group of healthy females, the repeatability of the OBF pneumotonometer was worse than that of the Goldmann tonometer. This casts doubt on the value of the OBF pneumotonometer as a tool for measuring IOP. The agreement plots indicate that the OBF pneumotonometer may produce significant numbers of false-positive results in screening programs. 
A calibration approach was developed to correct for systematic between-cohort dietary measurement errors in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), a large multicenter cohort study. To validate the 24-h diet recalls (24-HDRs) as reference measurements for between-cohort calibration, we estimated the agreement between center mean nitrogen (N) and total energy intakes and mean 24-h urinary N. Similar analyses using N and energy intake data from different dietary questionnaires (DQs) used at study baseline were conducted to estimate the effect of the calibration approach. This study was conducted between 1995 and 1999, and involved 1103 volunteers of both genders from 12 centers participating in European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. Pearson's correlation coefficients were weighted for study center sample size. When both genders were considered together (n = 22), the correlation coefficients between the center mean log-transformed urinary estimates and the center mean log-transformed dietary N estimates from the 24-HDRs were 0.86 and 0.94 after exclusion of outliers. The corresponding correlation with the DQs was 0.53. When center mean total energy intakes were regressed on center mean urinary N, the correlation remained slightly higher with 24-HDRs (0.91; 0.95 after exclusion of outliers) than DQs (0.86). When stratified by gender, these correlations were systematically higher in men than women with both dietary methods. The beta regression coefficients were not significantly different from 1 when mean N (or total energy intakes) from 24-HDR or DQ were regressed on urinary estimates, except with N from 24-HDRs in men and, in most cases, after adjustment for age, body mass index, and sex with both genders together. This suggests that overall the systematic bias across centers is of uniform magnitude. Although relatively high correlations were observed between urinary N and both dietary methods in men, the errors in DQs tend to vary in both directions (under- and over-reporting) in contrast with 24-HDRs in women. This observation may have implications on the dietary measurement error characteristics and support the potential benefit of between-cohort calibration.
To assess the appropriateness of a single measurement of urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin (aMT6S) as a marker for long-term exposure to endogenous melatonin in epidemiological studies, we examined the reproducibility of aMT6S in first morning urine voids collected from 40 postmenopausal women. Urine specimens were collected on three different occasions, and the mean time between the first and the third urine sample was 5.1 years. Urinary aMT6S levels were measured by radioimmunoassay and adjusted for creatinine. The intraclass correlation for aMT6S adjusted for creatinine was 0.56 (95% confidence interval, 0.39-0.73). The classification of aMT6S concentrations in first morning voids from postmenopausal women appears to be sufficiently reproducible to justify its use as a marker for long-term exposure to melatonin in epidemiological studies.
OBJECTIVE: This research was designed to study the diet, lipid profile, and metabolic and body indices of type II diabetic and non-diabetic subjects among American white and black and Ghanaian populations. METHODS: Fifty-one type II diabetic and non-diabetic volunteers were recruited through medical clinics. Data collected included food intake and anthropometric measurement. Blood samples were taken for glucose and serum lipid analyses. Serum non-esterified fatty acids, very low-density lipoproteins, low-density lipoproteins, high-density lipoproteins, total cholesterol, and triacylglycerols levels were measured. RESULTS: The Ghanaian subjects had lower body mass indexes than did the American white and black subjects (P < 0.01), although they recorded the highest carbohydrate intake. Dietary fat intake was not significantly correlated with body fat level or body mass index among the different observational groups. The serum ratio of saturated to polyunsaturated fat was higher in all diabetics than in controls and higher in Ghanaians than in Americans. Total cholesterol, triacylglycerols, and lipoproteins were within normal ranges for diabetic and non-diabetic subjects. The ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was slightly elevated among the white diabetics (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The data showed a higher metabolism of carbohydrate for energy in the Ghanaian group than in the other groups. In addition, fat metabolism may differ between Americans and Ghanaians. For many variables, black Americans were more similar to white Americans than to Ghanaians. These observations imply that cultural factors may contribute more than ethnic origin to the etiology of diabetes. 
OBJECTIVES: There is considerable controversy regarding the effects of fat substitutes (such as the non-caloric fat substitute, olestra) on Americans' diet and health. This report gives associations of olestra consumption (in savory snacks) with changes in nutrient intake, serum lipid concentrations, and body weight 1 y after these snacks became available nationally in the United States. METHODS: Participants were 1178 adults recruited from three large U.S. cities. At baseline (before the availability of olestra), participants attended a clinic visit and completed questionnaires (including a food-frequency questionnaire), provided fasting blood samples, and had height and weight measured. The clinic visit was repeated about 1 y later, after the introduction of olestra-containing snacks in the marketplace. Olestra consumption was categorized as "none," "very low" (>0 to <0.4 g/d), "low" (>/=0.4 to <2.0 g/d), and "moderate/high" (>/=2.0 g/d). RESULTS: Twenty-five percent of participants reported consuming olestra-containing savory snacks in the preceding month, but only 2% were categorized as moderate/high consumers. Men reported nearly twice as much olestra consumption as women (1.22 versus 0.68 g/d, P = 0.01). Among moderate/high olestra consumers, total energy and carbohydrate intakes increased by 209 kcal/d and 37 g/d, compared with decreases of 87 kcal/d and 14 g/d, respectively, among non-consumers (both Ps for trend = 0.01), corresponding to non-significant changes in percentages of energy from carbohydrate and total fat. Olestra consumption was not associated with statistically significant changes in serum lipids or body weight. CONCLUSIONS: This study found very modest changes in total diet, but no changes in serum lipids or body weight, associated with consumption of olestra-containing savory snacks. However, the low use of olestra by the study sample limited the ability of this study to detect significant effects. 
Coke-oven workers (COWs) are occupationally exposed to high concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). Urinary 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine (8-OH-dG) and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) are biological markers of oxidative DNA damage and PAH metabolism, respectively. We investigated the relationship between urinary 8-OH-dG and 1-OHP in 217 Taiwanese COWs, 55 topside-oven, and 162 sideoven workers. For topside-oven workers, mean 8-OH-dG and 1-OHP concentrations (ng/ml +/- SD) were 13.8 +/- 12.0 and 93.5 +/- 104.4, respectively. These levels were significantly higher than those for sideoven workers: 10.2 +/- 7.9 ng/ml (P = 0.04) and 19.8 +/- 28.6 ng/ml (P < 0.001), respectively. Individual urinary 8-OH-dG concentrations were directly correlated with urinary 1-OHP concentrations: the higher the 1-OHP level, the higher the 8-OH-dG level (Spearman correlation coefficients: r = 0.43, P < 0.0001, n = 217). Multiple regression analysis indicated that a 10-fold increase in 1-OHP was associated with a 1.91-fold increase in 8-OH-dG. Compared to no vitamin intake, intake of at least one multiple vitamin pill per week reduced 8-OH-dG excretion (P = 0.02). Our findings suggest that urinary 1-OHP and 8-OH-dG reflect occupational PAH exposure and oxidative DNA damage in COWs. In addition, multiple vitamins may reduce oxidative stress caused by PAH exposure.
BACKGROUND: Consumption of fruit and vegetables is associated with improved health and a decreased prevalence of chronic degenerative processes. OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to assess the bioavailability of vitamin C from orange juice and its influence on plasma vitamin C and 8-epi-prostaglandin F(2 alpha) (8-epi-PGF(2 alpha)) concentrations in a healthy human population. DESIGN: Six men and 6 women consumed 500 mL commercial fresh-squeezed orange juice/d for 14 d, corresponding to an intake of 250 mg ascorbic acid/d. On the first day of the study, the subjects drank the juice in one dose (dose-response study), and on days 2-14 they consumed 250 mL in the morning and 250 mL in the afternoon. Blood was collected every hour for 6 h on the first day and again on days 7 and 14. RESULTS: Baseline plasma vitamin C concentrations were significantly higher (P = 0.03) among the women than among the men (56.4 +/- 4.4 compared with 44.3 +/- 3.5 micromol/L). In the dose-response study, the maximum increase in plasma vitamin C occurred 3 h postdose in both the men and the women. Vitamin C concentrations remained significantly higher on days 7 and 14 than at baseline. Baseline concentrations of 8-epi-PGF(2 alpha) were significantly higher (P = 0.03) among the men than among the women (249.6 +/- 25.4 compared with 177.7 +/- 6.2 pg/mL) but decreased significantly (P = 0.04) by day 14 of the intervention. A significant inverse correlation was observed between vitamin C and 8-epi-PGF(2 alpha) (r = -0.791, P = 0.0022). Among smokers, baseline vitamin C was lower and 8-epi-PGF(2 alpha) higher than among nonsmokers. CONCLUSIONS: Drinking orange juice (500 mL/d) increases plasma concentrations of vitamin C and reduces concentrations of 8-epi-PGF(2 alpha) in humans. These effects were significantly more pronounced in smokers. 
Different food production methods may result in differences in the content of secondary metabolites such as polyphenolic compounds. The present study compared conventionally (CPD) and organically produced (OPD) diets in a human crossover intervention study (n = 16) with respect to the intake and excretion of five selected flavonoids and effect on markers of oxidative defense. The urinary excretion of quercetin and kaempferol was higher after 22 days of intake of the OPD when compared to the CPD (P < 0.05). The excretions of flavonoids in urine as a percentage of intake (0.6-4%) were similar after both interventions. Most markers of antioxidative defense did not differ between the diets, but intake of OPD resulted in an increased protein oxidation and a decreased total plasma antioxidant capacity compared to baseline (P < 0.05). Some varietal difference was seen in the study, and because selection of more resistant varieties is of central importance to organic farming, it cannot be excluded that the observed effects originate from these differences. The food production method affected the content of the major flavonoid, quercetin, in foods and also affected urinary flavonoids and markers of oxidation in humans.
Trichloroacetic acid (TCA), a mouse liver carcinogen, is a drinking water contaminant and a metabolite of solvents such as trichloroethylene and perchloroethylene. Because acidic drugs are often bound more strongly to human than to rodent plasma proteins, a study was undertaken to determine whether this was the case for TCA and to clarify the mechanistic bases for species differences. Equilibrium dialysis was used to measure in vitro binding of a range of TCA concentrations to plasma of humans, rats, and mice. Plots of observed data for free versus bound TCA concentrations were compared with simulations from each of three binding models: a single saturable site model; a saturable plus nonsaturable site model; and a two-saturable site model. Dissociation values (Kd) did not differ significantly from one species to another, but N (number of binding sites/molecule) ranged from 2.97 for humans to 0.17 for mice. Binding capacities (Bmax) for humans, rats, and mice were 709, 283, and 29 microM, respectively. The greater plasma protein binding of TCA in humans would be expected to not only increase the residence time of the compound in the bloodstream, but to substantially reduce the proportion of TCA that is available for uptake by the liver and other tissues. Species differences in the bound fraction diminished at very low, environmentally relevant TCA concentrations, but the percentage bound increased markedly. These findings suggest that the practice of using total blood levels of TCA as a dose metric in interspecies extrapolation of cancer risks needs to be re-examined.
We investigated the association between alcohol consumption, GSTM1 genotype, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue. Women referred for breast surgery were enrolled prior to surgery, responded to an interview, and gave a blood sample. Women diagnosed with ductal carcinoma in situ and invasive ductal or lobular cancer were defined as cases, and women with benign conditions without atypia were defined as controls. Paraffin-embedded tumor and nontumor tissue from cases and benign tissue from controls were retrieved from the pathology samples. GSTM1 genotype status was determined by PCR using WBC DNA, and PAH-DNA adduct levels were measured in breast tissue using immunohistochemistry. In tumor and nontumor tissue from cases, the GSTM1-null genotype was associated with increased adduct levels among current alcohol consumers but not among nondrinkers. In nontumor tissue, the interaction between genotype and alcohol consumption was significant (P=0.02), but in tumor tissue, the interaction did not achieve statistical significance (P=0.10). In benign tissue from controls, there was no association between genotype and adducts, regardless of drinking status. Among subjects with the null genotype who drank alcohol, adduct levels were significantly higher in tumor and nontumor tissue from cases than in benign tissue from controls. These results indicate the presence of a novel gene-lifestyle interaction that influences PAH-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue from cases but not controls. This apparent difference in PAH metabolism in response to alcohol may be an important clue as to how alcohol influences breast cancer risk.
Treatment of the widely occurring tropical cichlid, Oreochromis mossambicus with a pure polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH), phenanthrene, induced a concentration-dependant formation of the enzyme, 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD). Concomittant increase (65-669%) in the activity of sorbitol dehydrogenase in the serum (SSDH) occurring with EROD induction denoted liver cell damage, which was more severe in fish exposed to lower concentrations (0.4-4 microg g-1) of the chemical. In O. mossambicus exposed to 25% refinery effluent liver damage associated with cell death was indicated by the twin analyses of SSDH and liver somatic index. Cell injury appeared to have occurred at low PAH concentrations due to inadequately induced phase II-related detoxification of metabolites. This was indicated by the nearly 33% higher activity of hepatic glutathione S-transferase (GST) in fish exposed to higher PAH concentrations as compared to low-exposure animals. Tilapia such as O. mossambicus were found to be eminently suited for biomonitoring in tropical coastal waters. A combination of EROD and serum sorbitol dehydrogenase activity measurements serves as an excellent tool for biomonitoring sublethal effects of PAH pollution in fish.
The aim of this study was to investigate the electrophilic tissue burden (ETB) formation, assessed as covalent binding of the ultimate carcinogen benzo( a)pyrene diolepoxide (BaPDE) with cellular proteins, in liver, lung and heart, as well as with haemoglobin (Hb) following repeated exposure to binary mixtures of benzo( a)pyrene (BaP) and pyrene (P). Male Sprague-Dawley rats were injected intraperitoneally, once daily for 10 consecutive days, with binary mixtures of BaP and P in three different exposure scenarios corresponding to BaP/P ratios of 0.2, 1 and 5 and with three dose levels of BaP (2, 6 and 20 mg/kg) for each scenario. ETB levels were measured as the ultimate analyte benzo( a)pyrene tetrol (BaPTeT) obtained after mild acid hydrolysis of BaPDE-adducts with proteins. A high-performance liquid chromatography fluorescence technique was used to quantify the analyte. Similar ETB levels (within a factor of 4) were observed in all tissues studied at any given binary dose. However, the ETB generally tended to be somewhat higher in metabolically active tissues (i.e. liver and lung) than in metabolically non-active tissues (i.e. heart and Hb). Lack of influence of pyrene on ETB levels in all tissues was confirmed over the binary dose range examined. Linear BaP-dose-dependent ETB formation in all tissues (at P</=0.05) was observed. Linear regressions were found for all between-tissue relationships of ETB over the exposure doses, with best linear correlations obtained for ETB in heart versus Hb ( R(2)=0.709; P<0.0001) and ETB in lung versus Hb ( R(2)=0.507; P<0.0001). The results thus suggest that BaPDE-Hb adducts could serve as a surrogate of the ETB, namely in tissues that are potential targets for carcinogenicity such as lung. The results obtained in this study indicate the role of the ETB as a promising molecular biomarker of the potential cellular damage resulting from intracellular covalent binding in animal studies.
Samples of blood and urine were taken from 334 dairy cows in 29 herds, and the concentrations of sodium and potassium were measured in the serum and urine. The herds were split into five groups according to the amount of supplementary salt they were given: three groups given 10 to 20, 30 to 50 or 70 to 100 g salt per day, and two groups fed an ad libitum supply, given either in bowls or in the form of salt blocks, which were replaced either regularly or irregularly. The groups which received 70 to 100 g of salt daily or were supplied regularly ad libitum had significantly higher urinary sodium concentrations than the other groups. The group receiving 10 to 20 g a day had a significantly higher ratio of potassium:sodium in their urine than all the other groups, in which the ratio decreased as the level of supplementary salt increased. There were wider differences between the groups in terms of the urinary potassium:sodium ratio than in terms of the urinary sodium concentration but less variability within each group.
Coke-oven workers are exposed to a high concentration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, which may change the immunologic responses. In this study, we evaluated humoral immunity by measuring serum IgA, IgE, IgG, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in 251 coke-oven workers and 89 rolling steel workers in Taiwan. Mean values of serum IgE and tumor necrosis factor-alpha levels were 178.8 IU/mL and 8.4 pg/mL in coke-oven workers, respectively, which were significantly higher than in rolling steel workers (102.6 IU/mL and 2.0 pg/mL; P=0.003 and <0.001). In contrast, serum IgA levels were significantly lower in coke-oven workers than in rolling steel workers (mean=264.7 vs 312.0 mg/dL, P<0.001). Our findings suggest that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure may alter the immune responses in coke-oven workers.
OBJECTIVES: This study assessed the diagnostic agreement and intra- and inter-observer reproducibility of the World Health Organization/International Society of Urologic Pathology Consensus Classification of Urothelial Neoplasms (1998 WHO/ISUP classification) and the 1973 WHO classification. METHODS: A teaching set with 5 slides of each papillary neoplasm of low malignant potential, low-grade papillary carcinoma, high-grade papillary carcinoma, and a guideline, as well as a study set of 30 slides containing ten cases of each category, were sent to participants. Six pathologists expert in urological pathology reviewed the 30 slides of non-invasive papillary urothelial tumors in the study set. Diagnostic accuracy and reproducibility were evaluated using intra- and inter-rater techniques (kappa statistic). RESULTS: A moderate to substantial intra- and inter-observer reproducibility was achieved for both the 1998 WHO/ISUP and 1973 WHO classification. The results of the two classification systems were not different statistically ( P>0.05). Reproducibility was lower in low-grade tumors for both classifications. CONCLUSIONS: The new proposed classification system for non-invasive urothelial neoplasms does not increase the reproducibility. There is still a need for uniformity in grading in order to compare the different studies and therapies and to provide more accurate information for management. 
Metabolism of most diesters of phthalic acid in humans occurs by an initial phase I biotransformation in which phthalate monoesters are formed, followed by a phase II biotransformation in which phthalate monoesters react with glucuronic acid to form their respective glucuronide conjugates. The phase II conjugation increases water solubility and facilitates urinary excretion of phthalate, and reduces the potential biological activity because the putative biologically active species is the monoester metabolite. In this study, we report percentages of glucuronidation of four common phthalate monoesters, monoethyl (mEP), monobutyl (mBP), monobenzyl (mBzP), and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (mEHP) in a subset of urine (mEP n=262, mBP n=283, mBzP n=328, mEHP n=119) and serum (mEP n=93, mBP n=149, mEHP n=141) samples from the general US population. The percentages of free and conjugated monoester excreted in urine differed for the various phthalates. For the more lipophilic monoesters (i.e., mBP, mBzP, and mEHP), the geometric mean of free monoester excretion ranged from 6 to 16%. The contrary was true for the most hydrophilic monoester, mEP, for which about 71% was excreted in urine as its free monoester. Furthermore, percentages of free and conjugated monoesters were similar for mEP, mBP and mEHP among serum and urine samples. Serum mBzP was largely below the method limit of detection. Interestingly, the serum mEP and mBP levels were less than 3% and 47%, respectively, of their urinary levels, whereas the level of mEHP was similar both in urine and serum.
Mitochondrial DNA 5178 adenine/cytosine (mt5178 A/C) polymorphism is one of the longevity-associated mitochondrial DNA polymorphisms. The frequency of the mt5178A genotype is significantly higher in Japanese centenarians than in the general population. We previously reported that serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were significantly higher in men with mt5178A than in those with mt5178C. However, this significant difference disappeared after adjusting for drinking frequency. To investigate the interaction between mt5178 A/C polymorphism and habitual drinking on serum lipid levels, we performed an association study in 321 healthy middle-aged Japanese men. Interaction between mt5178 A/C polymorphism and daily drinking on serum triglyceride (TG) levels was observed (P=0.019). Moreover, interaction between mt5178 A/C polymorphism and cigarette consumption on serum TG levels was also observed (P=0.022). Multiple regression analysis showed that, in men with mt5178A, daily drinking decreased TG levels (P=0.025), and cigarette consumption increased TG levels (P<0.001), while in men with mt5178C, the effects of daily drinking and cigarette consumption on TG levels were unclear. No interaction was observed on other lipid levels. Longevity-associated mitochondrial DNA 5178 A/C polymorphism thus influences the effects of daily drinking and cigarette consumption on TG levels in middle-aged Japanese men.
The exposure of paving workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) during stone mastic asphalt (SMA) paving and remixing was evaluated. The effects on the workers' PAH exposure were also evaluated during the use of an industrial by-product, coal fly ash (CFA), instead of limestone as the filler in the SMA. The PAH exposure was measured by personal air sampling and by analysing the levels of urinary naphthols, phenanthrols and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) in the workers' pre- and post-shift urine samples. The respiratory PAH exposure of the paving workers (geometric mean (GM) 5.7 microg m(-3)) was about ten-fold that of the traffic controllers (GM 0.43 microg m(-3)). The levels of PAH metabolites were significantly higher (p < 0.05) in the post-shift urine samples than in the pre-shift urine samples, and the levels of metabolites in the post-shift urine of paving workers were significantly higher than in that of the controls (p < 0.01). Urinary 1-naphthol correlated well with the airborne concentrations of the two- to three-ring PAHs (r = 0.544, p = 0.003) and naphthalene (r = 0.655, p < 0.001), when non-smoking paving workers were tested. A good correlation was observed between urinary 1-OHP and the airborne concentrations of the four- to six-ring PAHs (r = 0.524, p = 0.003) as well as total PAHs (r = 0.575, p = 0.001). The concentrations of 1-OHP and phenanthrols in the urine of the pavers were significantly higher (p < 0.01) during remixing than during SMA paving. The CFA in the asphalt had no effect on the airborne PAH exposure or on the concentrations of the PAH metabolites in the paving workers' urine.
The importance of measuring microalbuminuria is well established. However, only scanty data are available concerning the biological variability of albumin excretion in type 2 diabetic subjects. We report our experience from a large clinical trial of a new antihypertensive drug (Lercanidipine) designed to reduce albumin excretion and blood pressure in type 2 diabetic patients with hypertension and microalbuminuria. Eighty seven patients with persistent microalbuminuria were studied within 1 year of the clinical trial. The measurements were performed on blood and timed urine samples frozen at -80 degrees C and shipped to a central laboratory unit. Preliminary experiments were performed to assess albumin stability in urine under various conditions (4 degrees C, -20 degrees C and -80 degrees C), particularly with regard to the albumin/creatinine ratio. Urine samples can be stored up to 3 weeks at 4 degrees C or up to 2 months at -80 degrees C. The biological variability of the albumin excretion rate was 25.7%, while that of the albumin/creatinine ratio was 13.4%. These data are useful in defining the analytical goals of imprecision for microalbuminuria (CV = 13% for albumin, and CV = 6% for albumin/creatinine ratio). No correlation between albumin/creatinine ratio and HbA1c was found in the cohort of 61 microalbuminuric patients who completed the trial. The results of this study confirm that the albumin/ creatinine ratio is much more suitable for monitoring albumin excretion in longitudinal studies than the albumin excretion rate.
BACKGROUND: Hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion (HILP) with melphalan as treatment for locally recurrent or in-transit malignant melanoma is frequently performed but the principle for calculating drug dosage remains poorly understood. METHODS: This study examined the pharmacokinetic profile of 14 consecutive patients to determine what variables were associated with toxicity and tumor responses. RESULTS: Marked fourfold variability was noted in patient plasma melphalan concentrations. We defined a factor--the ratio of estimated limb volume (Vesti) to melphalan volume of distribution (Vss), Vesti/Vss--that was much more strongly correlated with acute regional toxicity than either area under concentration-time curve or peak plasma concentration. In addition, we found that AUX2 was the best correlate of tumor response. CONCLUSIONS: Pharmacokinetic evaluation of prospective HILP trials is critical to not only understand response and toxicity outcomes but also to potentially improve the therapeutic index of regional perfusion. 
A cross-sectional study was conducted to clarify the associations of lifestyle factors (habitual exercise, alcohol intake and smoking habit) and plasma fatty acid (FA) concentrations as biomarkers of dietary FA intakes. We collected 7-d weighed diet records, lifestyle information and blood samples from 15 male and 79 female Japanese dietitians, and estimated dietary FA intakes and analyzed plasma FA concentrations. Plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and (n-3) highly unsaturated FA (HUFA) derived from marine foods, but not linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid from plant origins, demonstrated positive correlations with dietary intakes (r = 0.303-0.602, P < 0.05) in both genders. Multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, BMI, total energy intake, fat (or respective FA) consumption and lifestyle factors showed that dietary intakes of EPA, DHA and (n-3) HUFA were positively associated with age in men (P < 0.05) and negatively associated with BMI in women [P < 0.01 for DHA and (n-3) HUFA]. The plasma concentrations of EPA, DHA and (n-3) HUFA in women were found to be positively associated with age and marine oil (or respective FA) intake (P < 0.01), and negatively associated with total energy intake [P < 0.05 for EPA and (n-3) HUFA]. Lifestyle factors were not associated with dietary FA intakes and plasma FA concentrations. These findings suggest that the plasma concentrations of EPA, DHA and (n-3) HUFA might be useful biomarkers for the assessment of relative FA intakes without considering associations with habitual exercise, alcohol intake and smoking habit.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are environmental pollutants that are converted to cytotoxic and carcinogenic metabolites, quinones, by detoxifying enzyme systems in animals. PAH metabolites such as the quinones can form Michael adducts with biological macromolecules containing reactive nucleophiles, making detection of exposure to PAHs difficult using conventional techniques. A technique has been developed for detecting exposure to PAHs. Tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) thermochemolysis coupled with GC/MS is proposed as an assay method for PAH quinones that have formed Michael adducts with biological molecules. Three PAH quinones (1,4-naphthoquinone, 1,2-naphthoquinone, and 1,4-anthraquinone) and 1,4-benzoquinone were reacted with cysteine, and the TMAH thermochemolysis method was used to assay for both thiol and amine adduction between the quinones and the cysteine. Additional studies with 1,4-naphthoquinone adducts to glutathione and bovine serum albumin showed the same thiol and amine TMAH thermochemolysis products with larger peptides as was observed with cysteine adducts. The TMAH GC/MS method clearly shows great promise for detecting PAH quinones, produced by enzymatic conversion of PAHs in biological systems, that have been converted to respective Michael adducts.
The purpose of this study was to assess the contribution of the apolipoprotein E (apoE) polymorphism and factors, such as age and waist circumference, to variations in plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) response following ad libitum consumption of a diet rich in complex carbohydrates (high-CHO: 58% of energy as CHO) versus a diet rich in fat and monounsaturated fatty acids (high-MUFA: fat, 40% of energy and 22% as MUFA). Sixty-five men participated in this parallel 6- to 7-week study involving either a high-CHO or a high-MUFA diet. Fasting plasma lipid profile and anthropometry were determined at the beginning and at the end of the dietary period. The high-CHO and high-MUFA diets both induced significant (P<.01) and comparable reductions in body weight and waist circumference. These changes were associated with a significant (P<.01) and comparable decrease in LDL-C (-19% and -16%, respectively). Stepwise multiple regression analyses showed that 32% of the variation in the LDL-C response to the high-CHO diet was attributable to the apoE polymorphism (18.5%, P=.04) and waist circumference (13.5%, P=.03) indicating that men with a waist circumference greater than 100 cm and the E2 allele had the greatest reduction in plasma LDL-C after the high-CHO diet. On the other hand, in the high-MUFA group, waist circumference was the only significant contributing factor to the LDL-C response and accounted for 44.5% of its variance. In conclusion, the plasma LDL-C response to ad libitum comsumption of a high-CHO and a high-MUFA diets are not modulated to the same extent by the apoE polymorphism and waist circumference.
Haloacetic acids (HAAs) are environmentally and medically important chemicals. No analytical method is currently available to analyze EPA-regulated HAAs in biological samples at environmentally relevant low concentrations. Clinical studies of this class of chemicals are also limited by the lack of analytical techniques of high sensitivity and precision. We now report a new analytical method using gas chromatography/ion trap mass spectrometry for quantifying nine HAAs present inplasma, urine, and water at picogram per milliliter levels. The derivatization reactions of HAAs with pentafluorobenzyl bromide were optimized and detection with an electron capture negative ion chemical ionization mode was employed to enhance the sensitivity. Selected ion monitoring and selected reaction monitoring methods were utilized for quantitation. The detection limits of HAAs in plasma, urine, and water were 25-1000 pg/mL. Accuracies varied from 86.6 to 118.1% (intraday) and 81.7 to 119.6% (interday). Precisions (CV) varied from 0.9 to 19.9% (intraday) and 0.8 to 19.8% (interday), and linearities (r2) varied from 0.9732 to 0.9998 (intraday) and 0.9422 to 0.9987 (interday), respectively. Methyl tertbutyl ether and diethyl ether provided the highest extraction recoveries for the HAAs (74.9-107.2%). The method was applied successfully to a kinetic investigation of low levels of HAAs in humans consuming chlorinated drinking water.
The intra- and interindividual variability in apparent steady-state plasma levels of risperidone (RSP) and its metabolite 9-hydroxyrisperidone (9-OHRSP) in schizophrenic patients was investigated. Patients (n = 46, age 26.4 +/- 5.3 years) with diagnosed schizophrenia were treated with a fixed daily oral dose of RSP (1-12 mg/d). The steady-state plasma samples from these patients were collected over a period of 5 years and a total of 549 visits. Plasma concentrations of RSP and 9-OHRSP were determined using a highly sensitive and specific LC-MS-MS method with a detection limit of 0.1 ng/mL. All plasma samples had measurable amounts of 9-OHRSP; however, RSP was nondetectable (<0.1 ng/mL) in 18% of the plasma samples. 9-OHRSP levels were, on average, approximately 22 times higher than those of RSP. The plasma levels of RSP and 9-OHRSP varied widely among patients receiving similar doses of RSP, and the intra- and interindividual variations of RSP and 9-OHRSP plasma levels were found to be large. The data indicated that there was no significant change in the steady-state levels of either RSP or 9-OHRSP during the treatment period. Similarly, the dose-normalized concentration did not vary significantly during the treatment period or with the administered dose. The absence of RSP in many plasma samples (<0.1 ng/mL) and presence of 9-OHRSP at severalfold higher concentrations than RSP indicate that measuring plasma levels of RSP alone may lead to erroneous interpretation in plasma level monitoring studies. The current data support the fact that it is important to measure steady-state levels of total active moiety by analyzing both RSP and 9-OHRSP for plasma drug monitoring.
Some PCB congeners have shown oestrogenic effects, and this has raised concern that they may increase the risk of breast cancer. In this article we provide a quantitative review of the epidemiologic evidence on environmental exposure to PCBs and breast cancer risk. The vast majority of prospective and retrospective studies did not find any association between total PCB concentrations and breast cancer risk. No association was found for congeners in groups I (potentially oestrogenic) and III (biologically persistent phenobarbital-type cytochrome P450 inducers), according to the classification proposed by Wolff and Toniolo, while less consistent results were reported for group II (potentially anti-oestrogenic and immunotoxic, dioxin-like). Two studies found a threefold risk of postmenopausal breast cancer for women with an A2455G base change in exon 7 of the polymorphic CYP1A1 gene (a member of the cytochrome P450 family) and high PCB levels, compared with women with two wild-type alleles and low PCB, based however on very few cases. Thus, the epidemiological evidence does not support the hypothesis of an association of environmental exposure to PCBs in adulthood in the general population and risk of breast cancer, although uncertainties remain for selected subgroups of women or individual PCB congeners.
Hospital waste incinerator workers are exposed to various pyrolysis products including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). We evaluated their exposure by assessing urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide (1-OHPG), as an internal dose of PAH exposure. The potential effect of genetic polymorphisms of GSTM1/T1 involved in PAH metabolisms was also investigated. Pre- and post-shift samples were collected from 28 hospital incinerator workers. Urinary 1-OHPG was assayed by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy (SFS) after immunoaffinity purification with the monoclonal antibody 8E11. Genotypes of GSTM1/T1 were assessed by PCR-based methods. Information on smoking habits and use of personal protective equipment were collected by means of a self-administered questionnaire. The Mann-Whitney test was used to compare group means of these biomarkers. Urinary 1-OHPG levels were similar in pre- and post-shift urine samples. The arithmetic mean concentrations of urinary 1-OHPG were 0.16 +/- 0.04 micromol/mol creatinine pre-shift and 0.19 +/- 0.09 micromol/mol creatinine post-shift, but urinary 1-OHPG levels were significantly higher in individuals with the GSTM1 null genotype than with the GSTM1 present genotype (p=0.05, by Mann-Whitney test). Our results suggest that the urinary 1-OHPG levels in hospital waste incinerator workers may be modified by the GSTM1 genotype, but these findings remain to be confirmed in future studies involving larger sample sizes.
The present study was carried out to ascertain whether linoleic acid intake and the content of this fatty acid in adipose tissue are correlated in cats. The linoleic acid intake, as estimated from a food intake questionnaire, was indeed correlated with the linoleic acid content of the abdominal body fat in 165 adult, female cats. A statistically significant linear correlation coefficient of 0.43 was found between the percentage of linoleic acid in the adipose tissue and that in the diet. It is plausible that the observed acid content of adipose tissue of free-living cats may be considered to be a valid biomarker of linoleic acid intake that might be used in studies on diet and chronic disease.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), an exposure biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), was used to identify potential sources of PAH exposure for 660 Koreans who were not occupationally exposed to PAHs (65% male; 35% female; mean age, 36.5 +/- 11.1 years). In this study, 74% of subjects had detectable levels of urinary 1-OHP, with a concentration range of 0.001-3.796 microg/L (median, 0.079 microg/L). A backward elimination was conducted: five variables were selected with a significance level for removal of P < or = 0.1. The results of this study showed that residence in areas with relatively poor environmental conditions (Seoul and Suwon) was strongly associated with high concentrations of urinary 1-OHP (P = 0.007), while consumption of fried chicken and length of time spent outdoors had marginal positive associations with urinary 1-OHP levels (P = 0.06 and P = 0.09, respectively). Compared with the above three factors, tobacco smoking and urinary cotinine levels were poorly associated with urinary 1-OHP (P = 0.16 and 0.23, respectively). Pear consumption had an inverse association with urinary 1-OHP levels (P < 0.01). Individual variations in urinary 1-OHP concentrations were evaluated by considering the subjects' age, sex, and genetic polymorphisms in enzymes involved in the metabolism of PAHs. Among the individual variations, GSTT1-present subjects showed higher 1-OHP levels than GSTT1-absent subjects in cities having 10-microm particulate matter (PM(10)) levels and population density lower than those of Seoul and Suwon (P < 0.05). These epidemiological results suggest that the above factors that should be considered in preventing PAH exposure.
During biological monitoring of exposure to a chemical, a possible source of interindividual variability in the measurement of a urinary metabolite that undergoes enterohepatic cycling is the presence of dietary fiber in the gastrointestinal tract. This study examined the effect of diets containing either the insoluble fiber Alphacel (nonnutritive bulk cellulose) or the soluble pectin (from citrus fruit, MW 20,000-40,000). Five groups of male Sprague-Dawley rats received one of the following diets: poor (5% w/w) or rich (15% w/w) in Alphacel, poor (5% w/w) or rich (15% w/w) in pectin, or no fiber (NF). Five micromol/kg of pyrene was administered by iv injection immediately after feeding the animals with their respective diet, and urine and feces collections started for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a metabolite of pyrene. The type of fiber had no influence on the results. The rats receiving diets both poor and rich in fiber excreted less 1-OHP (18 +/- 8 and 15 +/- 7 pmol per g of rat, respectively) in the 24-h urine samples than the NF group (28 +/- 6 pmol/g). There was a nonstatistically significant trend towards increased fecal and total (urinary + fecal) 1-OHP excretion with increasing amount of fiber in the diet. An in vitro experiment showed an inverse correlation (r(2) = 0.98) between the amount of Alphacel in suspension in a 1-OHP aqueous solution and the recovery of 1-OHP from the soluble fraction. The reduction in urinary output of the metabolite due to fiber reaching approximately 40% may contribute to its interindividual variability observed in occupational and environmental studies.
OBJECTIVE: Higher intake of magnesium appears to improve glucose and insulin homeostasis; however, there are sparse prospective data on the association between magnesium intake and incidence of type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In the Women's Health Study, a cohort of 39,345 U.S. women aged >/=45 years with no previous history of cardiovascular disease, cancer, or type 2 diabetes completed validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaires in 1993 and were followed for an average of 6 years. We used Cox proportional hazard models to estimate multivariate relative risks (RRs) of type 2 diabetes across quintiles of magnesium intake compared with the lowest quintile. In a sample of 349 apparently healthy women from this study, we measured plasma fasting insulin levels to examine their relation to magnesium intake. RESULTS: During 222,523 person-years of follow-up, we documented 918 confirmed incident cases of type 2 diabetes. There was a significant inverse association between magnesium intake and risk of type 2 diabetes, independent of age and BMI (P = 0.007 for trend). After further adjustment for physical activity, alcohol intake, smoking, family history of diabetes, and total calorie intake, the multivariate-adjusted RRs of diabetes from the lowest to highest quintiles of magnesium intake were attenuated at 1.0, 1.06, 0.81, 0.86, and 0.89 (P = 0.05 for trend). Among women with BMI >/=25 kg/m2, the inverse trend was significant; multivariate-adjusted RRs were 1.0, 0.96, 0.76, 0.84, and 0.78 (P = 0.02 for trend). Multivariate-adjusted geometric mean insulin levels for overweight women in the lowest quartile of magnesium intake was 53.5 compared with 41.5 pmol/l among those at the highest quartile (P = 0.03 for trend). CONCLUSIONS: These findings support a protective role of higher intake of magnesium in reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, especially in overweight women. 
We tested the hypothesis that the dietary energy-dependent alterations of the rumen papillae size are accompanied by corresponding changes in systemic insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 concentration and in rumen papillary IGF type 1 receptors (IGF-1R). Young male goats (n=24) were randomly allocated to two groups (n=12) and fed a high level (HL) metabolizable energy [1200 kJ/(kg(0.75).d)] or a low level (LL) [500 kJ/(kg(0.75).d)] diet for 42 d. The concentration of ruminal total SCFA did not differ between the groups, but the molar proportion of butyric acid was enhanced by 70% in the HL group (P<0.05). Both the length and width of the papillae were greater (P<0.05) in the HL group, and the surface was 50-100% larger (P<0.05) in the tissue sampled from the artrium ruminis, the ventral ruminal sac and the ventral blind sac. Transport of Na+ across the rumen epithelium, which is amiloride sensitive, was higher (P<0.05) in the HL than in the LL group. Furthermore, the plasma IGF-1 concentration was about twofold higher in the HL group (P<0.05), and the maximal rumen epithelial IGF-1R binding was also higher in the HL (P<0.05) than in the LL group. IGF-1R mRNA and IGF-1 mRNA were detected in rumen papillae; however, they were unaffected by dietary treatments. DNA synthesis and cell proliferation of cultured rumen epithelial cells were higher (P<0.05) after IGF-1 treatment (25 or 50 microg/L) compared with those in the medium without IGF-1. Thus dietary energy-dependent alterations of rumen morphology and function are accompanied by corresponding changes in systemic IGF-1 and ruminal IGF-1R.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies in Denmark have shown that bus drivers and tramway employees were at an increased risk for developing several types of cancer and that bus drives from central Copenhagen have high levels of biomarkers of DNA damage. AIMS: The present study evaluates 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations and mutagenic activity in urine as biomarkers of exposure in non-smoking bus drivers in city and rural areas on a work day and a day off and in non-smoking mail carriers working outdoors (in the streets) and indoors (in the office). METHODS: Twenty-four hour urine samples were collected on a working day and a day off from 60 non-smoking bus drivers in city and rural areas and from 88 non-smoking mail carriers working outdoors (in the streets) and indoors (in the office). The concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene was measured by means of HPLC and the mutagenic activity was assessed by the Ames assay with Salmonella tester strain YG1021 and S9 mix. The N-acetyltransferase (NAT2) phenotype was used as a biomarker for susceptibility to mutagenic/carcinogenic compounds. RESULTS: Bus drivers excreted more 1-hydroxypyrene in urine than did mail carriers. The differences were slightly smaller when NAT2 phenotype, cooking at home, exposure to vehicle exhaust, and performing physical exercise after work were included. The NAT2 slow acetylators had 29% (1.29 [CI: 1.15-1.98]) higher 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in urine than the fast acetylators. Male bus drivers had 0.92 revertants/mol creatinine [CI: 0.37-1.47] and female bus drivers 1.90 revertants/mol creatinine [CI: 1.01-2.79] higher mutagenic activity in urine than mail carriers. CONCLUSION: The present study indicates that bus drivers are more exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and mutagens than mail carriers. Mail carriers who worked outdoors had higher urinary concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene, a marker of exposure to PAH, than those working indoors. The individual levels of urinary mutagenic activity were not correlated to excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene. This might be due to the fact that the most potent mutagenic compounds in diesel exhaust are not PAH but dinitro-pyrenes. Among bus drivers, fast NAT2 acetylators had higher mutagenic activity in urine than slow NAT2 acetylators and female bus drivers had higher mutagenic activity than male bus drivers. 
Female rats were fed a diet containing by weight 10% partially hydrogenated sunflower oil, 2% sunflower oil, and 1% rapeseed oil during gestation and lactation. The trans-18:1 isomer profile of the fat supplement was (in % of total trans 18:1 acids in the fat supplement): delta4, 0.5; delta5, 1.0; delta6-delta8, 18.0; delta9 (elaidic), 13.5; delta10, 22.2; delta11 (vaccenic), 16.0; delta12, 11.3; delta13-delta14, 12.8; delta15, 2.5; and delta16, 2.2 (total trans 18:1 acids in the fat supplement: 40.6%). The cis 18:1 isomer profile was (in % of total cis-18:1 isomers): delta6-delta8, 2.1; delta9 (oleic), 70.9; delta10, 6.1; delta11, 8.3; delta12, 4.0; delta13, 2.8; delta14, 4.6, and delta15, 1.2 (total cis-18:1 acids in the fat supplement: 32.6%). Suckling rats from four litters were sacrificed at day 17 or 18 after birth, and their stomach content (milk) was analyzed. The trans-18:1 isomer profile of milk was (relative proportions, in % of total): delta4, 0.3; delta5, 1.1; delta6-delta8, 16.8; delta9, 15.3; delta10, 22.0; delta11, 16.7; delta12, 11.8; delta13-14, 11.8; delta15, 2.5, and delta16, 1.9 (total trans 18:1 acids in milk: %). That of cis-18:1 isomers was (proportions in % relative to total cis-18:1 isomers): delta6-delta8, 4.7; delta9, 72.5; delta10, 4.0; delta11, 8.0; delta12, 7.1; delta13, 1.9; delta14, 1.0, and delta15, 0.7 (total cis-18:1 acids in milk: %). These results demonstrate that all isomeric acids, independent of the geometry and the position of the ethylenic bond, are incorporated into milk lipids. With regard to trans-18:1 isomers, the distribution profile in milk is identical to that in the dams' diet, i.e., there is no discrimination against any positional isomer between their ingestion and their deposition into milk lipids. As a consequence, this study indicates that the trans-18:1 isomer profile of milk reflects that in the dams' diet and supports our earlier hypothesis that the profile of trans-18:1 isomers in milk can be used to deduce the relative contribution of ruminant fats and partially hydrogenated oils in the diet to the total intake of trans-18:1 isomers. On the other hand, the cis-18:1 isomer profile in milk shows significant differences when compared to that in the dams' diet. Surprisingly, there are no major differences for the cis-delta9 (oleic) and the cis-delta11 (asclepic) isomers, which can be synthesized by the mother. However, there seems to be a significant positive selectivity for the group cis-delta6-delta8, and for the cis-delta12 isomer, whereas a negative selectivity occurs for the delta10 and delta13 to delta15 cis isomers.
The food-derived, heterocyclic aromatic amine 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is genotoxic and is carcinogenic in experimental animals. Studies on the role of PhIP in human diet-related cancer would be aided considerably by the availability of a readily applicable biomarker of the internal dose of the ultimate genotoxic species. PhIP has been shown to adduct primarily at C-8 of deoxyguanosine in DNA and so the DNA repair product N(2)-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP is a potential biomarker of DNA adduction and repair after exposure to PhIP. An assay for N(2)-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP in urine has been developed based on liquid chromatography mass spectrometry, using a deuterated analogue of the nucleoside as an internal standard and an antibody-mediated extraction procedure. Polyclonal antibodies were raised against the PhIP-nucleotide, PhIP-nucleoside and PhIP-guanine base adducts conjugated to keyhole limpet haemocyanin. Following their evaluation, the immobilized PhIP nucleotide antibody was used for the extraction of N(2)-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP from urine. The limit of detection of the assay was 125 pg and the limit of quantification 200 pg for a 50 ml human urine sample. Following oral administration of PhIP (20 mg/kg body wt/day) to rats for 6 days, N(2)-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl) PhIP was readily detected in the urine, reaching steady state over 3 days. This is the first direct demonstration of the urinary elimination of this adduct following exposure to parent amine. The half-life of the adduct with DNA was estimated to be approximately 20 h. The total amount of PhIP recovered in the urine as adduct was <0.5 x 10(-3)% of the dose administered. Levels of the PhIP adduct in urine collections from human subjects ingesting the amine (4.9 micro g) in cooked meat were below the limits of detection, indicating that humans are exposed to a bioactive dose of <3 x 10(-4) of that associated with a non-carcinogenic level in rats.
This study was aimed at investigating the correlation between biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and, more specifically, at examining the role of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) as a reliable measure of internal dose linked to the electrophilic tissue burden (ETB), assessed as covalent binding of the ultimate carcinogen benzo( a)pyrene diolepoxide (BaPDE) with cellular proteins in target organs. The protocol included experimental verification of a previously proposed algorithm for adjustment of reference values for urinary 1-OHP with exposure to different mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a rat model. Hence, the relationships between ETB in liver, lung, and heart as well as the BaPDE-haemoglobin adducts level on the one hand, and urinary/faecal 1-OHP or urinary/faecal 3-hydroxybenzo( a)pyrene (3-OHBaP) on the other hand have been examined. Male Sprague-Dawley rats received intraperitoneally, once daily for 10 consecutive days, binary mixtures of benzo( a)pyrene (BaP) and pyrene (P) in three different exposure scenarios corresponding to BaP/P ratios of 0.2, 1 and 5, with three doses of BaP (2, 6 and 20 mg/kg) for each scenario. The ETB levels were measured as the ultimate analyte benzo( a)pyrene tetrol (BaPTeT) obtained after mild acid hydrolysis of BaPDE adducts with proteins. It was experimentally confirmed that: (1) urinary 1-OHP is a reliable biomarker linked to the ETB in tissues that are targets for carcinogenicity, such as lung, for the BaP/P ratios of 0.2 and 1 (linear regression p=0.0099 and 0.0293, respectively); (2) urinary 3-OHBaP is correlated with the BaPDE-haemoglobin adducts for all three exposure scenarios ( p=0.0011 for BaP/P=0.2, p<0.0001 for BaP/P=1 and p=0.0099 for BaP/P=5). The experimental relationship between ETB and urinary 1-OHP was used to interpolate biological limit values for the urinary metabolite assuming three arbitrary critical levels of ETB. These were compared with the values calculated from the algorithm using the BaP/P ratio 1 mixture as a reference. The ratios of calculated to observed values varied from 1.0 to 1.6 for the BaP/P 0.2 mixture, and from 1.9 to 3.0 for the BaP/P 5 mixture. The results obtained in the present study indicate that the algorithm mentioned above applies well for two of the three exposure scenarios corresponding to realistic occupational BaP/P ratios of 0.2 and 1. This suggests that, using ETB as an endpoint, the proposed algorithm will reasonably predict the critical value of urinary 1-OHP for mixtures having different BaP/P ratios. Stronger linear relationships between ETB in all chosen tissues and 1-OHP or 3-OHBaP excretion were obtained with urinary metabolites than with their faecal analogues. Thus urinary 1-OHP and 3-OHBaP are more reliable biomarkers in biological monitoring strategies.
This study investigated the feasibility of applying liquid-phase microextraction combined with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) to determine polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in blood plasma. An efficient and simple extraction technique has been developed for the enrichment of PCBs from human blood plasma samples using single-step liquid-phase microextraction (LPME) in conjunction with a hollow fibre membrane (HFM). An eight PCB congener mixture was spiked into 2.5 ml of blood plasma, and the solution was then adjusted to pH 10.5 with a salinity of 20% (w/v) prior to making the total volume to 5 ml with ultrapure water. The porous HFM, filled with 3 microl of organic solvent, was then immersed into the solution, which was continuously agitated at 700 rpm for 30 min. Extract (1 microl) containing the pre-concentrated analytes was then injected into a GC-MS without further pre-treatment. Using an optimised extraction procedure, a large enrichment factor of the analytes, i.e. up to 241-fold was achieved in 30 min. The procedure resulted in a relative standard deviation of < 11% (n = 6), and a linear calibration range from 2.5 to 150 microg/l (r > 0.999), and detection limits between 0.07 and 0.94 microg/l, respectively. To demonstrate the feasibility of the procedure, PCB concentrations were determined in actual blood samples collected from the local population in Singapore using the optimised LPME technique.
In Wisconsin, consumption of Great Lakes fish is an important source of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT), polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), and other halogenated hydrocarbons, all of which may act as potential risk factors for breast cancer. We examined the association between sport-caught fish consumption and breast cancer incidence as part of an ongoing population-based case-control study. We identified breast cancer cases 20-69 years of age who were diagnosed in 1998-2000 (n = 1,481) from the Wisconsin Cancer Reporting System. Female controls of similar age were randomly selected from population lists (n = 1,301). Information about all sport-caught (Great Lakes and other lakes) fish consumption and breast cancer risk factors was obtained through telephone interviews. After adjustment for known and suspected risk factors, the relative risk of breast cancer for women who had recently consumed sport-caught fish was similar to women who had never eaten sport-caught fish [relative risk (RR) = 1.00; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.86-1.17]. Frequency of consumption and location of sport-caught fish were not associated with an increased risk of breast cancer. Recent consumption of Great Lakes fish was not associated with postmenopausal breast cancer (RR = 0.78; 95% CI, 0.57-1.07), whereas risk associated with premenopausal breast cancer was elevated (RR = 1.70; 95% CI, 1.16-2.50). In this study we found no overall association between recent consumption of sport-caught fish and breast cancer, although there may be an increased breast cancer risk for subgroups of women who are young and/or premenopausal.
In this study, the effects of losartan, an angiotensin II receptor antagonist, on heart rate variability and the changes of plasma corticosterone levels caused by immobilization stress were investigated. Losartan (3 mg/kg, p.o.) significantly prevented increases in plasma corticosterone levels in both losartan+acute stress and losartan+chronic stress groups. But, losartan did not prevent the diminution of the power of heart rate variability caused by stress. Our results supported the idea that the renin-angiotensin system is also involved in the stress- induced cardiovascular response, besides the autonomic nervous system. But, the effects of losartan on heart rate variability remained controversial.
A study was conducted with the objective of assessing how dietary, occupational, and residential exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) contribute to body burden among pregnant Mohawk women residing near three hazardous waste sites. From 1992 to 1995, 111 pregnant women were interviewed about fish consumption and other environmental risk factors and donated a 20-mL venous blood sample for serum PCB analysis. To supplement previous fish sampling, samples of residential soil, ambient air, wild duck, and local meats and vegetables were also collected and analyzed for PCBs. The results indicated a significant decline in local fish consumption from an annual mean of 31.3 meals more than 1 year prior to pregnancy to an annualized mean of 11.7 meals during pregnancy. This change was reportedly a result of the advisories issued against consumption of local fish by pregnant and nursing women of childbearing age. The geometric mean concentration of total PCBs in the serum was 1.2 ppb, a level that is similar to that in other studies of women with no unusual exposures to PCBs. However, multiple regression analysis revealed that serum levels of total PCBs and three individual congeners were associated with local fish consumption. The PCB levels in soil, air, and local foodstuffs other than fish generally were not elevated, except for those obtained in close proximity to one of the hazardous waste sites, and no association was found between serum PCB levels and exposure through these media or through occupation.
OBJECTIVES: To compare the apparent urinary excretion rates of both creatinine and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and to assess the value of creatinine normalization for both toxicokinetic analysis and the routine examination of workers. METHODS: All urine samples were collected from individuals who had been exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), occupationally and non-occupationally, for at least 24 consecutive hours. Urinary creatinine and 1-OHP were determined. 1-OHP excretion rates were expressed either as a function of creatinine excretion rate or as unadjusted values. Theoretical relationships between creatinine-normalized excretion of metabolites and body weight-adjusted inhaled dose were drawn for men with a constant body mass index. RESULTS: Creatinine excretion rate paralleled 1-OHP excretion rate. The plot of creatinine excretion rate-adjusted excretion rate of 1-OHP vs time led to smooth curves for determination of toxicokinetic parameters. Creatinine normalization was adequate, even for samples with a urinary creatinine concentration below 0.5 g/l or above 3 g/l. A theoretical analysis revealed that men weighing between 50 kg and 100 kg, exposed to a constant dose of a pollutant producing a urinary metabolite excreted by the same mechanism as creatinine, would exhibit a body weight-adjusted dose span of 2 with an accompanying creatinine-normalized metabolite excretion span of 2.23-fold. CONCLUSION: The kinetics of creatinine excretion parallels that of 1-OHP, and a creatinine excretion rate-normalized excretion rate of 1-OHP appears to allow for a better determination of the toxicokinetic parameters of 1-OHP urinary excretion. At least in the case of 1-OHP, creatinine normalization seems valid, even for very dilute or very concentrated urine samples. Finally, because creatinine normalization not only compensates for variable diuresis but also correlates better with the body weight-adjusted dose of the parent compound, it should be used in biological monitoring of exposure to (PAHs) pyrene and to other substances whose urinary biomarker excretion kinetics parallel that of creatinine. 
BACKGROUND: Resistance exercise training was applied to patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) on the basis that it may partly reverse deficiencies in skeletal muscle strength and endurance, aerobic power (VO(2peak)), heart rate variability (HRV), and forearm blood flow (FBF) that are all putative factors in the syndrome. METHODS AND RESULTS: Thirty-nine CHF patients (New York Heart Association Functional Class=2.3+/-0.5; left ventricular ejection fraction 28%+/-7%; age 65+/-11 years; 33:6 male:female) underwent 2 identical series of tests, 1 week apart, for strength and endurance of the knee and elbow extensors and flexors, VO(2peak), HRV, FBF at rest, and FBF activated by forearm exercise or limb ischemia. Patients were then randomized to 3 months of resistance training (EX, n=19), consisting of mainly isokinetic (hydraulic) ergometry, interspersed with rest intervals, or continuance with usual care (CON, n=20), after which they underwent repeat endpoint testing. Combining all 4 movement patterns, strength increased for EX by 21+/-30% (mean+/-SD, P<.01) after training, whereas endurance improved 21+/-21% (P<.01). Corresponding data for CON remained almost unchanged (strength P<.005, endurance P<.003 EX versus CON). VO(2peak) improved in EX by 11+/-15% (P<.01), whereas it decreased by 10+/-18% (P<.05) in CON (P<.001 EX versus CON). The ratio of low-frequency to high-frequency spectral power fell after resistance training in EX by 44+/-53% (P<.01), but was unchanged in CON (P<.05 EX versus CON). FBF increased at rest by 20+/-32% (P<.01), and when stimulated by submaximal exercise (24+/-32%, P<.01) or limb ischemia (26+/-45%, P<.01) in EX, but not in CON (P<.01 EX versus CON). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate-intensity resistance exercise training in CHF patients produced favorable changes to skeletal muscle strength and endurance, VO(2peak), FBF, and HRV. 
UNLABELLED: There is little information about the validity of questionnaires used by research related to obesity. The aim of this study was to demonstrate the reliability and accuracy of a cardiovascular risk questionnaire and perception of body size pictorials (BSP) measured in Mexican obese subjects. This was a cross-sectional study designed as two independent phases. The aims were: a) To calculate a concordance index between questionnaires and clinical records. b) To measure the reliability of the questionnaire and BSP by test-retest. Phase one: Eighty-four subjects were invited to answer the questionnaire (the average age was 46.1 +/- 14.9 years, BMI 36.4 +/- 7.2). The concordance obtained for heart attack, type 2 diabetes mellitus and high blood pressure was greater than kappa 0.6. High uric acid, hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia showed low concordance. Phase two: One hundred and two subjects were invited (the average age was 50.8 +/- 14.4 years, IMC 35.6 +/- 6.8). A high concordance in test-retest (ri = 0.71, p < 0.001) and for correlation coefficients between BSP and BMI (r = 0.72, p < 0.01) was found. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that this questionnaire is reliable and data regarding diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus, heart attack and high blood pressure are accurate in people who have been treated in hospital. Obese subjects are able to classify with accuracy their own BSP and that of other individuals. This kind of perception was not altered. 
Mercury and selenium in whole blood and serum of 245 17-year old Swedish adolescents were analysed. The relationships between these elements' concentrations and the consumption of fish as well as the number of dental amalgam fillings were studied. The geometric means (GM) of the mercury concentrations were 1.1 microg/L in blood and 0.43 microg/L in serum. The mean selenium concentration in blood was 110 microg/L and the GM of the serum selenium concentration 110 microg/L. Fish species with dietary restrictions due to elevated mercury Levels (i.e. pike, perch, pikeperch, burbot, eel and halibut) were consumed on average 0.7 times/month and fish species without such restrictions 4.1 times/month. Despite this comparatively low fish consumption, the adolescents' blood mercury concentrations were positively correlated with fish consumption. Of the adolescents, 39% had amalgam fillings (mean 2 +/- 1.5). Serum mercury was influenced by the number of amalgam fillings, by fish consumption, blood and serum levels of selenium and the residential area. Blood and serum selenium concentrations were not influenced by fish consumption, but were positively associated with the serum mercury concentration.
AIMS: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the psychometric properties of the Japanese version of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) in patients with symptoms of overactive bladder (OAB) with urge incontinence. METHODS: Data from a 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial comparing tolterodine with oxybutynin in patients with symptoms of OAB in Japan were analyzed. Cronbach's alpha coefficient was calculated as a reliability index. Inter-domain correlation was calculated for convergent and discriminant validity assessment. A factor analysis was conducted to explore the underlying factor structure of the KHQ. Sensitivity to clinical change was also evaluated. RESULTS: The psychometric properties and clinical validity of the KHQ Japanese version were confirmed in this study population, and were similar between males and females. The KHQ's good reliability was evidenced by Cronbach's alpha coefficients of >0.60, indicating reasonable consistency except for the personal relationship domain in males (0.47) and severity (coping) measure domain in females (0.59). Discriminant, convergent, and construct validity of the KHQ were also good, with the factor analysis identifying those factors which the KHQ was intended to measure. Finally, KHQ domains were generally responsive to clinical efficacy variables; the KHQ also showed statistically significant sensitivity to change in patients' perception of bladder condition in all domains, except General Health Perception. CONCLUSIONS: Our analyses confirm psychometric properties and clinical validity of the KHQ Japanese version, which appears to offer a valid and reliable HRQoL instrument for use in clinical trials of antimuscarinics in Japan. 
AIMS: To investigate whether current occupational exposure of coke oven workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) results in genotoxic effects measured in peripheral blood lymphocytes and whether these biomarkers are associated with the biomarkers of exposure. METHODS: Blood and urine samples were collected immediately after a shift at the end of a working week from 50 coke oven workers and 50 control workers not exposed to PAHs. Methods included: (1) biomarkers of exposure: urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (HpU), urinary mutagenicity by the plate Salmonella test with strains TA98 and YG1024 after metabolic activation, expressed as mutagenic rate (MR98 and MR1024, respectively), urinary cotinine; and (2) biomarkers of biological effects in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL): sister chromatid exchanges (SCE/cell), cells of high frequency of SCE (% HFC), micronuclei (MN/1000 cells), chromosomal aberrations (CA/100 cells), and DNA damage by the Comet assay. RESULTS: Occupational exposure to PAH resulted in significantly increased levels of HpU and mutagenic effect of urine. Median values of these biomarkers in coke oven workers were: 9.0 micromol/mol creatinine for HpU, 2.7 for MR98, and 8.2 for MR1024, compared to the controls: HpU = 0.6 micromol/mol creatinine, MR98 = 1.2, and MR1024 = 5.5. Occupational exposure caused significant induction of SCE, HFC, and MN in coke oven workers: median SCE = 5.9, HFC = 12.0%, MN = 6.0 compared to the controls: 3.9, 5.0%, and 3.0, respectively. No effect of occupational exposure was found in relation to CA and DNA damage measured with the Comet assay. HpU concentration was positively associated with SCE and HFC. The concentration of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene corresponding to a 5% probability of increased SCE was 1.0 micromol/mol creatinine. CONCLUSIONS: The occupational exposure to PAHs resulted in measurable biological effects (SCE, HFC, MN). In coke oven workers an increased level of SCE was not observed below the level of 1.0 micromol HpU/mol creatinine. 
Chemical (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon - PAH and heavy metal) levels in stormwater and sediment samples collected from the London Orbital (M25) motorway drainage dry detention pond at Oxted, Surrey, UK were determined. Such chemicals are derived from vehicular combustion products and the wear and tear materials deposited onto the motorway surface. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) was used for the qualitative and quantitative determination of 16 USEPA priority PAHs in motorway drainage sediments. The GC-MS method, incorporating a solid phase extraction step, provides detection limits ranging from 0.17 to 0.41 mg kg(-1)(dry weight). Almost all of the 16 USEPA listed PAHs were detected. Phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, benzo(a)anthracene, chrysene, benzo(b)fluoranthene, benzo(a)pyrene and benzo(g,h,i)perylene (PAH numbers 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13 and 16) were among the PAHs found at "higher" levels (ranging from 0.3-10.2 mg kg(-1), dry weight) in the sediment samples. PAH levels show little change along the motorway drainage silt trap (facility for reducing the levels of suspended particulate matter in the stormwater). PAH concentrations are considerably higher in the dry detention pond outflow interceptor. Statistical analysis showed that significant correlation coefficients (based on a t-test at the 95% confidence interval) were obtained between those PAHs found at high concentrations over all of the sampling sites. Several PAHs were dispersed beyond the treatment facility and accumulation in the sediment of the deer park resulted in levels ranging from 0.3-1.6 mg kg(-1), dry weight. These PAHs found beyond the treatment facility (in the local farm deer park) may contribute a serious health threat to farm animals or even fish in the aquatic environment. Heavy metal levels (V, Cr, Mn, Fe, Co, Ni, Cu, Zn, Mo, Cd, Sb and Pb) of the drainage stormwater and sediments were determined by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS), with quality control evaluation using two certified reference materials. Typical detection limits were found to be below 0.1 [micro sign]g l(-1) for stormwater and 0.005 mg kg(-1) for acid digested sediments. Raised heavy metal levels were found throughout the dry detention pond facility and only decrease when the stormwater is diluted following discharge into the river Eden. Statistical analysis also confirms that some significant correlations exist between various heavy metals and PAHs. However, no overall conclusive trend is found indicating that a particular PAH is deposited in sediment relative to a specific heavy metal/s. These results raise some serious concerns about the dispersion and accumulation of chemicals in the sediments of motorway stormwater drainage systems and the need for maintenance and clean-up of contaminated material from such systems.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous and potentially harmful contaminants of the coastal and marine environment. Studies of their bioavailability, disposition and metabolism in marine organisms are therefore important for environmental monitoring purposes. Detecting PAH compounds in the biological fluids of marine organisms provides a measure of their environmental exposure to PAHs. In the present study, the shore crab Carcinus maenas was exposed to waterborne pyrene for 48h. Urine and haemolymph samples were analysed by direct fluorimetry utilising both fixed wavelength (FF) and synchronous scanning fluorescence (SFS) techniques. Samples from exposed crabs exhibited fluorescence due to 1-OH pyrene equivalents, whilst samples from control crabs did not. Levels of equivalents were exposure dependent. Urine was shown to be a more suitable medium for the analysis of PAH equivalents. In a separate experiment, depuration of pyrene equivalents in urine was monitored over time. Urinary levels reached a maximum 2-4 days after initial exposure and decreased steadily thereafter. No unchanged parent pyrene was detected in samples from exposed crabs. While fluorimetric techniques could discriminate between 1-OH pyrene equivalents and parent pyrene, identification of specific metabolites was only possible with HPLC/F analysis. This revealed crabs had bio-transformed pyrene into 3 major conjugates of 1-OH pyrene, which were excreted in the urine. While such biotransformation of PAH is well documented in fish and several crustaceans, this is the first study to use direct fluorimetry to detect PAH equivalents in exposed crustacean urine. Fluorimetric results correlated well with those obtained by HPLC/F and ELISA techniques. The technique has great potential as a rapid, inexpensive and non-destructive technique for field biomonitoring of PAH exposure in crustaceans.
Information is sparse on the role of foods in long-term blood pressure (BP) change. The investigators examined relations of food intake to BP change in a prospective cohort study of 1,710 employed men in Chicago, Illinois, initially aged 41-57 years. In 1958 and 1959, BP was measured and nutrient intake assessed by comprehensive interview. In 1959, intake of 26 specific food groups was also assessed. BP was remeasured annually through 1966. The generalized estimating equation method was used to analyze relations of food group intakes to average annual BP change, adjusting for age, weight at each year, alcohol consumption, calories, and other foods. Average systolic blood pressure (SBP)/diastolic blood pressure (DBP) increase was 1.9/0.3 mmHg per year. The SBP of men who consumed 14-42 cups of vegetables a month (0.5-1.5 cups/day) versus <14 cups a month (<0.5 cups/day) was estimated to rise 2.8 mmHg less in 7 years (p < 0.01). The SBP of men who consumed 14-42 cups of fruit a month versus <14 cups a month was estimated to increase 2.2 mmHg less in 7 years (p < 0.05). Beef-veal-lamb and poultry intakes were related directly to a greater SBP/DBP increase (p < 0.05). These results support the concept that diets higher in fruits and vegetables and lower in meats (except fish) may reduce the risk of developing high BP.
Estimating intake of phyto-oestrogens (PO) is difficult because there is inadequate information on the PO content of foods. Development of a biomarker of intake is therefore necessary for carrying out epidemiological studies. We aimed to validate a newly constructed PO database, containing more than 600 values assigned to foods by using duplicate diet analysis, and to investigate the relationships between measured PO intake, urinary excretion and plasma concentrations of PO. Fourteen subjects with estimated dietary intakes of PO ranging from 0 to 44 mg/d, measured by 7 d weighed intake, completed a duplicate diet collection over 24 h. Concurrently, a 24 h urine collection, validated using p-aminobenzoic acid, was obtained and one timed spot plasma sample taken. Duplicate diets, complete urine collections and plasma samples were analysed for total genistein and daidzein using liquid chromatography-MS to determine PO intake. The potential for 24 h urinary excretion and plasma PO concentrations to reflect dietary intake was investigated. Mean estimated and measured dietary PO intakes were 12.3 and 11.0 mg/d respectively. The correlation between estimated intake and measured intake of PO was highly significant (r 0.98, P<0.001). Urinary excretion (24 h) and plasma concentrations of PO were significantly related to measured dietary PO intake (r 0.97, P<0.001 and r 0.92, P<0.001 respectively). The relationship between 24 h urinary PO excretion and timed plasma concentrations was also significant (r 0.99, P<0.001). These findings validate the PO database and indicate that 24 h urinary excretion and timed plasma concentrations can be used as biomarkers of PO intake.
Esophageal endoscopic biopsy samples were obtained in 1985 in Linxian, China, a region with very high esophageal cancer incidence rates, and where ingested food is known to contain substantial amounts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In this study, the automated cellular imaging system (ACIS) was used for localization and semi-quantitation of PAH-DNA adducts. Fresh tissue sections were cut from archived paraffin blocks and incubated with an antiserum elicited against DNA modified with 7beta,8alpha-dihydroxy-9alpha,10alpha-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-benzo[a]pyrene (BPDE). Nuclear PAH-DNA adduct staining was observed in four out of five human samples incubated with the anti-BPDE-DNA. By visual inspection, nuclei in the basal layer of the esophageal epithelium had higher levels of PAH-DNA adducts compared to those found in the adjacent superficial squamous layer. Nuclear PAH-DNA staining was absent in serial sections incubated with either normal rabbit serum or BPDE-DNA-antiserum previously absorbed with the immunogen BPDE-DNA. Semi-quantitative evaluation by ACIS revealed that per nucleus values for PAH-DNA adducts in the basal layer of the esophageal epithelium were 5- to 40-fold higher than those in the adjacent superficial squamous layer (P < 0.0001), using a random effects model). This pilot study demonstrates the presence of PAH-DNA adducts in archived paraffin-embedded endoscopic esophageal biopsy samples that are close to 20 years old, and suggests that an appropriate set of archived samples could be used to prospectively correlate PAH-DNA adduct formation with risk of esophageal cancer development.
AIMS/BACKGROUND: To investigate the reproducibility and potential diurnal variation of choroidal blood flow parameters in healthy subjects over a period of 12 hours. METHODS: The choroidal blood flow parameters of 16 healthy non-smoking subjects were measured at five time points during the day (8:00, 11:00, 14:00, 17:00, and 20:00). Outcome parameters were pulsatile ocular blood flow as assessed by pneumotonometry, fundus pulsation amplitude as assessed by laser interferometry, blood velocities in the opthalmic and posterior ciliary arteries as assessed by colour Doppler imaging, and choroidal blood flow, volume, and velocity as assessed by fundus camera based laser Doppler flowmetry. The coefficient of variation and the maximum change from baseline in an individual were calculated for each outcome parameter. RESULTS: None of the techniques used found a diurnal variation in choroidal blood flow. Coefficients of variation were within 2.9% and 13.6% for all outcome parameters. The maximum change from baseline in an individual was much higher, ranging from 11.2% to 58.8%. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that in healthy subjects the selected techniques provide adequate reproducibility to be used in clinical studies. Variability may, however, be considerably higher in older subjects or subjects with ocular disease. The higher individual differences in flow parameter readings limit the use of the techniques in clinical practice. To overcome problems with measurement validity, a clinical trial should include as many choroidal blood flow outcome parameters as possible to check for consistency. 
We devised an assay to quantify the metabolites of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in human urine following a single exposure to well-cooked meat. Our method uses LC/MS/MS to detect four metabolites and four deuterated internal standard peaks in a single chromatographic run. N2-OH-PhIP-N2-glucuronide was the most abundant urinary metabolite excreted by the 12 individuals who participated in our study. N2-PhIP glucuronide was the second most abundant metabolite for 8 of the 12 volunteers. The stability of PhIP metabolism over time was studied in three of the volunteers who repeated the assay eight times over a 2.5 year-period. PhIP metabolite excretion varied in each subject over time, although the rate of excretion was more constant. Our results suggest that quantifying PhIP metabolites should make future studies of individual susceptibility and dietary interventions possible.
BACKGROUND: The results of epidemiologic studies indicate that higher intakes or blood concentrations of folate are associated with a lower risk of colorectal neoplasia; however, only one study assessed the role of homocysteine. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the relation between biochemical and dietary markers of folate status and colorectal adenoma recurrence. DESIGN: Analyses were conducted in 1014 men and women aged 40-80 y who had undergone removal of all colorectal polyps. Diet and supplement use were ascertained through a food-frequency questionnaire administered at study entry. Blood collected at baseline was used to measure plasma folate and homocysteine concentrations. Unconditional logistic regression was used to assess the odds of recurrence associated with the intakes of folate, methionine, and vitamins B-6 and B-12 and with plasma folate and homocysteine. RESULTS: Relative to subjects in the highest quartile of plasma homocysteine, those in the lowest quartile had an odds ratio (OR) of adenoma recurrence of 0.69 (95% CI: 0.47, 1.02; P for trend = 0.02) after adjustment for confounding factors. Lower odds of recurrence were shown for higher plasma folate (OR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.46, 0.97) and higher total intakes (dietary plus supplemental) of folate (OR: 0.61; 0.42, 0.89) and vitamin B-6 (OR: 0.65; 0.45, 0.94). Slightly weaker and nonsignificant associations were shown for dietary folate, methionine, and total vitamin B-12. CONCLUSIONS: A lower recurrence of colorectal adenomas was shown in subjects with higher intakes and plasma concentrations of folate. Additional markers involved in folate metabolism, including lower homocysteine and higher vitamin B-6 intake, were also associated with lower odds of recurrence. 
Efficient new syntheses of the o-quinone derivatives of benzo[a]pyrene (BPQ), 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBAQ), and benz[a]anthracene (BAQ), implicated as active carcinogenic metabolites of the parent polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), are reported. These PAH quinones also serve as starting compounds for the synthesis of the other active metabolites of these PAHs thought to be involved in their mechanism(s) of carcinogenesis. The latter include the corresponding o-catechols, trans-dihydrodiols, and the corresponding anti- and syn-diol epoxides.
OBJECTIVE: In this work, we assessed the status and management of blood lipids in a sample of cardiovascular disease free adult men and women from Greece. We also evaluated the effect of several socio-demographic, dietary and lifestyle habits on lipid levels. METHODS: The ATTICA Study is a population-based cohort that has randomly enrolled 1128 men and 1154 women (aged >18 years old), stratified by age-gender, from the greater area of Athens, during 2001-2002. Adherence to Mediterranean diet was assessed through a diet score that was based on a validated food-frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Forty-six percent of men and 40% of women had total serum cholesterol levels >200mg/dl. Of them, 40% of men and 30% of women were unaware of their condition. Twenty-one percent of men and 7% of women had HDL-cholesterol levels <35 mg/dl. Twenty-eight percent of men and 13% of women had triglyceride levels >150 mg/dl. Fifteen percent of men and 12% of women had LDL-cholesterol levels >160 mg/dl and 52% of men and 48% of women had LDL >130 mg/dl. Of those who had known blood lipid abnormalities, 36% of men and 33% of women followed a dietary medication, 31% of men and 20% of women were receiving a pharmaceutical treatment (mainly statin) and the rest were untreated. Participants who adopted the Mediterranean diet and received statin, had on average 9% lower total cholesterol (P = 0.04), 19% lower LDL-cholesterol levels (P = 0.02) and 32% lower oxidized LDL-cholesterol levels (P < 0.001) compared to those who were untreated and adopted a Westernized diet. CONCLUSIONS: We could speculate that about 3 million Greek adults had high total cholesterol levels. Adverse findings were also observed regarding the other investigated blood lipids. Mediterranean diet could be a complimentary mean to pharmaceutical treatment in reducing blood lipids. 
BACKGROUND: It is taken for granted that glaucomatous damage is caused by changed haemodynamics of the retrobulbar vessel system besides other factors such as, for example, an elevated intraocular pressure. This was proven by various studies in which glaucoma patients were shown to have a changed retrobulbar blood flow velocity. In this study, the reliability of measurements of retrobulbar vessel perfusion by colour decoded Doppler imaging (CDI) was evaluated. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 18 healthy volunteers and 15 patients with various glaucoma types were enrolled in this study. Using a CDI system, type Siemens Sonoline Elegra with a combined applicator (7.5L40), retrobulbar vessel perfusions of the ophthalmic artery, the short posterior ciliary arteries, and the long posterior ciliary arteries of each patient were measured six times. In each measurement, pulse amplitude, end-diastolic velocity, maximum systolic velocity, pulsatility index, and resistivity index of the vessels were determined. The reproducibility of measurements was evaluated by the calculation of the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for each parameter. RESULTS: The ICCs for the ophthalmic artery varied from 0.89 to 0.98, for the short posterior ciliary artery from 0.75 to 0.91, and for the long posterior ciliary artery from 0.77 to 0.99 in both the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The ICCs of the repeated measurements reflect a good reproducibility for both the groups with assumed different retrobulbar perfusion. These findings are prerequisites for the use of CDI in clinical practice and research. 
Concentrations of mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP), and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), in serum of healthy volunteers were determined by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS). The serum was extracted with acetone, followed by hexane extraction under acidic conditions, and then applied to the LC/MS/MS. Recoveries of 20 ng/ml of MEHP and DEHP were 101+/-5.7 (n=6) and 102+/-6.5% (n=6), respectively. The limits of quantification (LOQ) of MEHP and DEHP in the method were 5.0 and 14.0 ng/ml, respectively. The concentration of MEHP in the serum was at or less than the LOQ. The concentration of DEHP in the serum was less than the LOQ. Contaminations of MEHP and DEHP from experimental reagents, apparatus and air during the procedure were less than the LOQ and were estimated to be <1.0 and 2.2+/-0.6 ng/ml, respectively. After subtraction of the contamination, the net concentrations of MEHP and DEHP in the serum were estimated at or <5 and <2 ng/ml, respectively. To decrease contamination by DEHP, the cleanup steps and the apparatus and solvent usage were minimized in the sample preparation procedures. The high selectivity of LC/MS/MS is the key for obtaining reliable experimental data from in the matrix-rich analytical samples and for maintaining a low level contamination of MEHP and DEHP in this experimental system. This method would be a useful tool for the detection of MEHP and DEHP in serum.
Polychlorinated biphenyls are wide pollutants readily detected in environmental and human specimens. DNA adduction occurs through the corresponding quinones. Polychlorinated biphenyls are first metabolized to arene oxides, which can be further oxidized to dihydroxy metabolites by microsomal cytochrome p450s. The catechol and hydroquinone products are further oxidized by peroxidases to quinones, which are electrophilic and capable of reacting with DNA to form adducts. DNA adduction is initiated by Michael addition preferentially to guanosine followed by stabilization through enolization. Another nucleophilic attack forms a five-membered ring, which aromatizes by dehydration to form the final adduct. This report describes the characterization and quantitative study of DNA adducts formed from lower chlorinated PCB-derived quinones. Quantitative study by HPLC/ESI-MS/MS and (32)P-postlabeling-HPLC gave the adduct levels in the range of 3-1200 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides. These results demonstrate that increasing chlorine substitution is associated with lower yields of DNA adduct. Although (32)P-postlabeling is more sensitive than HPLC/ESI-MS/MS for the quantitative analysis of DNA adducts, modification levels were severely underestimated by the (32)P-postlabeling assay as compared to the HPLC/ESI-MS/MS assay.
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is a mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amine formed during ordinary cooking, and is subsequently metabolically activated by cytochrome P4501A2 (CYP1A2) and N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2). Respective genes encoding for these enzymes, display polymorphic distribution in the human population and are thus believed to cause interindividual differences in cancer risk susceptibility. The present study investigated the influence of dietary exposure and CYP1A2 and NAT2 genotypes and phenotypes on differential urinary PhIP excretion levels in 71 human volunteers after consumption of either a high (7.4 ng/g) or low (1.7 ng/g) dose of PhIP. Urinary PhIP excretion levels were found to reflect recent dietary exposure levels, with average levels of 174% (high dose group) and 127% (low dose group), as compared to pre-feed levels. Urinary caffeine metabolite ratios were significantly different between the two NAT2 genotypes, whereas for CYP1A2, the apparent difference in metabolic ratios between the genotypes was statistically non-significant. Significant correlations were firstly found between the CYP1A2-164A-->C (CYP1A2*1F) polymorphism and differential urinary PhIP excretion levels. Although the found correlations are driven primarily by a small number of subjects possessing the homozygous variant constellation, the strong influence of this genotype indicates that the CYP1A2*1F polymorphism could play an important role in human cancer risk susceptibility.
Iron status during infancy and early childhood reflects highly dynamic processes, which are affected by both internal and external factors. The regulation of iron metabolism seems to be subjected to developmental changes during infancy, although the exact nature of these changes and their implications are not fully understood. We wanted to explore the association between dietary iron intake and indicators of iron status, and to assess temporal changes in these variables. This was done by secondary analysis of data from a recently conducted dietary intervention trial in which healthy, term, well-nourished infants were randomly assigned to consume iron-fortified infant cereals with regular or low phytate content, or iron-fortified infant formula. Dietary iron intake from 6 to 8 mo and from 9 to 11 mo was associated with hemoglobin (Hb) concentration at 9 mo (r = 0.27, P < 0.001) and 12 mo (r = 0.21, P = 0.001), respectively, but iron intake from 12 to 18 mo was not associated with Hb at 18 mo. In contrast, iron intake from 6 to 11 mo was not associated with serum ferritin (S-Ft) at 9 or 12 mo, whereas iron intake from 12 to 17 mo was positively associated with S-Ft at 18 mo (r = 0.14, P = 0.032). These shifts in associations between dietary iron intake, and Hb and S-Ft, respectively, may be due to developmental changes in the channeling of dietary iron to erythropoiesis relative to storage, in the absence of iron deficiency anemia. These observations should be taken into consideration when evaluating iron nutritional status during infancy and early childhood.
Single measurements of enterolactone (ENL) used in epidemiologic studies are influenced by intraindividual variation. The objective of this controlled study was to investigate short-term intraindividual variations in serum and urine ENL. Based on these variations, the number of samples required to describe the basal ENL level was estimated. Healthy Danish postmenopausal women (n = 6) aged 54-67 y completed 3 study periods of 24 h within 2 mo. Blood samples were collected at 0, 4, 6, 8, 12, and 24 h and 24-h urine samples were collected. A low-lignan, standardized diet of 3 meals was served. ENL was measured by time-resolved fluoroimmunoassay. Intraindividual and interindividual variations were estimated using a mixed model with repeated measurements. Significant and systematic intraindividual within-day variations (CV) of 31% were observed in serum. Intraindividual day-to-day variations were 56% and overall intraindividual variation of samples collected at random times and on different days was estimated to be 64%. Describing this overall variation required 7 blood samples when estimated with a precision of 50% and 95% confidence. Day-to-day variations in 24-h urine samples were 49%. Large within-day and day-to-day variations suggest that a single measurement of ENL is inadequate to estimate the basal ENL level.
The effects of glucose infusion on monochloroacetate (MCA) exposure were examined in male rats with a view toward effective clinical treatment for MCA intoxication. Rats were injected with 80 mg/kg sodium monochloroacetate (SMCA) (single lethal dose) and then infused with saline (control group) or 5% or 10% glucose solution at 2 mL/hour for ten hours. No animal in the control group survived the total 14-day follow-up period. The survival rate in 5% glucose group was 57% at ten hours; it decreased to 14% at 14 days. The survival rate in 10% glucose group was 79% at ten hours, and all rats that survived the first ten hours also survived the 14 days. Kaplan-Meier analysis showed the survival rate in 10% glucose group to be improved upon in both the 5% glucose group and the control group. Blood glucose and lactate levels were measured every hour during infusion. Blood glucose levels decreased in the control group but remained in the glucose-infused groups. Although the blood lactate level increased in each group, there was an excellent inverse linear relation between blood glucose levels and blood lactate levels. Thus, continuous parenteral infusion of glucose solution at an early stage after exposure may be an effective clinical therapy for the prevention of hypoglycaemia and metabolic lactic acidosis caused by MCA.
This review outlines the major mechanisms for control of blood pressure (BP) in individuals with renal failure on haemodialysis. Dietary salt stimulates thirst and, thereby, greater fluid intake with excessive fluid gain between dialysis sessions and chronic expansion of extracellular volume. At the same time, this volume expansion often fails to suppress the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) appropriately and this inevitably leads to high BP in the majority of individuals on haemodialysis. A greater understanding of the mechanisms involved leads to more rational treatment and better BP control. This can be achieved by careful measurement of BP before and after dialysis, allowing time for the equilibration of extracellular fluid shifts that occur after dialysis, combined with measurements of plasma renin activity. It is relatively easy to then decide how the high BP should be treated: either by removal of excess volume by gradual ultrafiltration combined with restriction of salt intake to help prevent thirst and excessive fluid gain between dialyses, or by inhibition of the RAS, or by a combination of both. In those individuals who are unable to adequately reduce their dietary salt intake and still continue to gain large amounts of weight between dialysis, and are resistant to reducing their pre-dialysis weight, calcium antagonists may help to lower BP, either alone or in combination with RAS blockade. However, the BP often remains resistant to treatment unless they can be persuaded to reduce their salt intake.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate variability in pulsatility/resistance indices and absolute velocities of blood flow in fetal renal arteries dependent on side and sampling site within each vessel. METHODS: Doppler blood flow measurements of pulsatility index (PI), resistance index (RI) and peak systolic velocity (PSV) and end-diastolic velocity (EDV) were performed in the renal arteries of 27 fetuses between 236 and 247 days of gestation. Velocity waveforms were sampled in both the right and left renal arteries at two different sites: proximally, close to the aorta, and distally, before any major visible bifurcation of the vessels. The intraobserver variation was measured in 15 additional fetuses. RESULTS: Mean values of PI and RI were similar in the right and left renal arteries and at the proximal and distal sampling sites of these arteries. Mean PSV and EDV were higher at the proximal compared to the distal site on both sides. For all parameters the 95% limits of agreement between measurements made in the right and left arteries and at proximal and distal sites were wide but tended to be narrower for the left renal artery and at the distal site. Intraclass correlation coefficients for intraobserver variability were 0.88, 0.89, 0.83 and 0.81 for PI, RI, PSV and EDV, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: It is important to standardize the precise site at which Doppler blood flow velocity waveform measurements are made in the renal arteries of the fetus. On the basis of our observations, we suggest that the left renal artery is the preferred vessel for sampling and that measurements should be made in the renal arterial trunk away from the aorta and before any visible branches. 
Norwegian coastal waters are subject to PAH contamination from electrochemical industries such as aluminium smelters. Evidence of PAH exposure has been established in fish and bivalves. The present study tests the applicability of a novel crustacean PAH exposure biomarker to a PAH contamination gradient in the field (Karmsund Strait, SW Norway). Fluorescence analysis of urine samples collected from crabs at each site revealed 1-OH pyrene "equivalent" levels (indicative of pyrogenic PAH contamination) decreased with increasing distance from a point source of pyrogenic PAH (a large aluminium works). The assay was shown to be suitable for the detection of PAH exposure in wild crustacean populations, for discriminating between contaminated and clean sites and is also sufficiently sensitive to detect gradients of PAH contamination. The method provides a rapid, inexpensive and non-destructive measure of biologically available PAH in crustaceans.
BACKGROUND: No intervention studies have explored the anti-inflammatory effects of different alcoholic beverages on markers of atherosclerosis. We embarked on a randomized, crossover, single-blinded trial to evaluate the effects of wine and gin on inflammatory biomarkers of atherosclerosis. METHODS AND RESULTS: Forty healthy men (mean age, 37.6 years) consumed 30 g ethanol per day as either wine or gin for 28 days. Before and after each intervention, we measured the expression of lymphocyte function-associated antigen 1 (LFA-1), Mac-1, very late activation antigen 4 (VLA-4), and monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP-1) in monocytes, as well as the soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), interleukin-1alpha (IL-1alpha), C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and fibrinogen. After either gin or wine consumption, plasma fibrinogen decreased by 5 and 9%, respectively, and cytokine IL-1alpha by 23 and 21%. The expression of LFA-1 (-27%), Mac-1 (-27%), VLA-4 (-32%) and MCP-1 (-46%) decreased significantly after wine, but not after gin. Wine reduced the serum concentrations of hs-CRP (-21%), VCAM-1 (-17%) and ICAM-1 (-9%). CONCLUSIONS: Both wine and gin showed anti-inflammatory effects by reducing plasma fibrinogen and IL-1alpha levels. However, wine had the additional effect of decreasing hs-CRP, as well as monocyte and endothelial adhesion molecules. 
The aim of the present study was to characterize the functional relationships between behaviorally evoked regional brain activation and cardiac autonomic activity in humans. Concurrent estimates of regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF; obtained by positron emission tomography), heart period, and high-frequency heart period variability (HF-HPV; an indicator of cardiac parasympathetic activity) were examined in 93 adults (aged 50-70 years) who performed a series of increasingly difficult working-memory tasks. Increased task difficulty resulted in decreased heart period (indicating cardioacceleration) and decreased HF-HPV (indicating decreased cardiac parasympathetic activity). Task-induced decreases in heart period and HF-HPV were associated with concurrent increases and decreases in rCBF to cortical and subcortical brain regions that are speculated to regulate cardiac autonomic activity during behavioral processes: the medial-prefrontal, insular, and anterior cingulate cortices, the amygdala-hippocampal complex, and the cerebellum. These findings replicate and extend a small number of functional neuroimaging studies that suggest an important role for both cortical and subcortical brain systems in human cardiac autonomic regulation.
We investigated whether a simple blood test of plasma N-brain natriuretic peptide (N-BNP), compared with echocardiographic left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), both measured at rest, correlated well with aerobic exercise capacity (peak oxygen consumption [VO(2)]) in patients with chronic heart failure. Plasma N-BNP was found to significantly correlate with peak VO(2) (p <0.001) and exercise duration (p = 0.001), whereas LVEF showed very poor correlations with peak VO(2) and exercise duration (both p >0.3). The results suggest that N-BNP actually reflects functional cardiac impairment better than LVEF.
Several naturally occurring plant phenols were shown to inhibit the mutagenicity and/or tumorigenicity of chemical carcinogens, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In this study, the effect of the topical application of three structurally diverse phenolic acids and trihydroxystilbene, resveratrol, on epidermal aryl hydrocarbon hydroxylase (AHH), phase II enzymes, as well as the binding of benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) and 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA) to epidermal DNA were compared. The single, topical application of 8 and 16 mumol of protocatechuic or chlorogenic acid increased the activity of AHH by 10-30%, whereas resveratrol in a dose of 16 mumol almost completely (99%) inhibited the enzyme activity. Phenolic acids also increased the activities of phase II enzymes. Resveratrol did not affect the glutathione S-transferase activity but induced UDP glucuronosyltransferase (by approximately 100-150%) and to a lesser extent NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase. In a dose of 16 micromol all phenolic acids afforded 40-50% inhibition of covalent benzo[a]pyrene-diol-epoxide (B[a]PDE) binding to DNA. Resveratrol had no effect on B[a]PDE adduct formation but reduced the levels of all the major DMBA adducts. Phenolic acids, particularly tannic acid, mostly affected the formation of syn- and anti-DMBADE dAdo adducts. These results indicate that both the modulation of carcinogen activating enzymes and the prevention of their ultimate metabolites binding to DNA by naturally occurring phenolics are involved in the antitumorigenic activity of these compounds. For phenolic acids, however, their interactions with reactive PAH metabolites and/or blocking of a specific binding site in a genome seem more important. Derivatives of stilbene, such as resveratrol, affect DNA adduct formation and thus the initiation of tumorigenesis through the interaction with the Ah receptor rather than the scavenging active metabolites.
AIMS: [1] To quantify the random and predictable components of variability for aminoglycoside clearance and volume of distribution [2] To investigate models for predicting aminoglycoside clearance in patients with low serum creatinine concentrations [3] To evaluate the predictive performance of initial dosing strategies for achieving an aminoglycoside target concentration. METHODS: Aminoglycoside demographic, dosing and concentration data were collected from 697 adult patients (> or =20 years old) as part of standard clinical care using a target concentration intervention approach for dose individualization. It was assumed that aminoglycoside clearance had a renal and a nonrenal component, with the renal component being linearly related to predicted creatinine clearance. RESULTS: A two compartment pharmacokinetic model best described the aminoglycoside data. The addition of weight, age, sex and serum creatinine as covariates reduced the random component of between subject variability (BSVR) in clearance (CL) from 94% to 36% of population parameter variability (PPV). The final pharmacokinetic parameter estimates for the model with the best predictive performance were: CL, 4.7 l h(-1) 70 kg(-1); intercompartmental clearance (CLic), 1 l h(-1) 70 kg(-1); volume of central compartment (V1), 19.5 l 70 kg(-1); volume of peripheral compartment (V2) 11.2 l 70 kg(-1). CONCLUSIONS: Using a fixed dose of aminoglycoside will achieve 35% of typical patients within 80-125% of a required dose. Covariate guided predictions increase this up to 61%. However, because we have shown that random within subject variability (WSVR) in clearance is less than safe and effective variability (SEV), target concentration intervention can potentially achieve safe and effective doses in 90% of patients. 
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is a member of a class of compounds known as the heterocyclic amines (HCAs) that are formed in meat during cooking. It is a multi-organ carcinogen in rodents forms adducts and with DNA and protein. Although protein adducts are not thought to be involved in cancer development, they may be useful as internal dosimeters of PhIP exposure and bioactivation. Towards the goals of characterizing the adducts formed in humans and the development of an assay for quantitation of adduct levels, we have characterized a peptide adduct formed by the putative genotoxic metabolite, N-acetoxy-PhIP. A model peptide with the internal sequence Leu-Gln-Lys-Cys-Pro-Tyr, which is homologous to a potential target sequence for HCAs in human serum albumin, was reacted with N-acetoxy-PhIP and an adduct was identified and further characterized by LC-ESI-MS/MS. N-acetoxy-PhIP is covalently bound to the peptide via cysteine and the exocyclic amino group of PhIP. Future work is needed to establish if this adduct is formed and is stable in vivo in humans following exposure to PhIP.
BACKGROUND: Sulfiting agents are widely used as food additives. Limits are set on their use in foods because they may adversely affect health. Sulfiting agents are excreted in urine as sulfate, which is indistinguishable from sulfate derived from sulfur amino acids. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the contribution of inorganic sulfur to urinary sulfate excretion and of dietary protein to urinary sulfate and nitrogen excretion with the aim of developing a urinary biomarker of inorganic sulfur intake. DESIGN: Nine healthy men were fed a sequence of 3 diets for 15 d (n = 7), 5 diets for 10 d (n = 6), or both. The diets contained 51-212 g protein/d (0.43-1.71 g S/d) and 0.17-0.27 g inorganic S/d; p-aminobenzoic acid-validated 24-h urine samples (n = 47) were analyzed for sulfate and nitrogen. RESULTS: Dietary inorganic sulfur was efficiently excreted as sulfate in urine. Urinary sulfate derived from protein correlated strongly (r(2) = 0.86) with urinary nitrogen. Urinary recovery of protein sulfur and nitrogen decreased from 84% at average protein intakes (72 g/d) to 70% at high protein intakes (212 g/d). The nitrogen:sulfur ratio (in g) of the protein in the study diets was 18.9, which was maintained in urine (18.4 +/- 0.1) after dietary inorganic sulfur intake was subtracted from urinary sulfate. Therefore, inorganic sulfur intake (g/d) = urinary sulfur (g/d) - 0.054 x urinary nitrogen (g/d). For typical UK intakes of inorganic sulfur (0.25 g/d), this biomarker should produce mean (+/- SD) values of 0.24 +/- 0.10 g S/d. CONCLUSION: Twenty-four-hour urinary nitrogen and sulfate values can be used to predict inorganic sulfur intake. 
Fish consumption from the Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence River has been decreasing over the last years due to advisories and increased awareness of the presence of several contaminants. Methylmercury (MeHg), a well-established neurotoxicant even at low levels of exposure, bioaccumulates to differing degrees in various fish species and can have serious adverse effects on the development and functioning of the human central nervous system, especially during prenatal exposure. Most studies on MeHg exposure have focussed on high-level consumers from local fish sources, although mercury (Hg) is also present in fresh, frozen, and canned market fish. Moreover, little information exists on the temporal variation of blood and hair Hg in pregnant women, particularly in populations with low levels of Hg. The aim of the present study was to characterize the temporal variation of Hg during pregnancy and to investigate the relation between fish consumption from various sources prior to and during pregnancy and maternal cord blood and mother's hair Hg levels. We recruited 159 pregnant women from Southwest Quebec through two prenatal clinics of the Quebec Public Health System. All women completed two detailed questionnaires concerning their fish consumption (species and frequency) prior to and during pregnancy. The women also provided blood samples for all three trimesters of pregnancy and hair samples after delivery of up to 9 cm in length. Blood and hair Hg levels were analyzed by cold-vapor atomic-absorption and -fluorescence spectrometry methods, respectively. Results showed that maternal blood and hair Hg levels decreased significantly between the second and third trimesters of pregnancy. However, cord blood Hg was significantly higher than maternal blood at birth. Maternal hair was correlated with Hg blood concentration and was highly predictive of the organic fraction in cord blood. A strong dose relation was observed between the frequency of fish consumption before and during pregnancy and Hg exposure in mothers and newborns. Fish consumption prior to and during pregnancy explained 26% and 20% of cord blood Hg variance, respectively. For this population, detailed multivariate analyses showed that during pregnancy market fish (fresh, canned, and frozen) were more important sources of Hg exposure than were fish from the St. Lawrence River. These results should be taken into account for future advisories and intervention strategies, which should consider Hg levels in different species from all sources in order to maximize the nutritional input from fish and minimize the toxic risk.
Relationships between vitamin E status (alpha and gamma-tocopherol and their ratio in plasma), anthropometric and biochemical indices, and food and nutrient intakes, were studied in four British National Diet and Nutrition Surveys: children aged 1.5-4.5 years, young people aged 4.0-18.0 years, adults 19.0-64.0 years and adults aged > or = 65.0 years. gamma-Tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio declined with age. In older women gamma-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratios were directly related to indices of obesity. In young men alpha- and gamma-tocopherols were directly correlated with obesity, but gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio was not. For young people and toddlers, fewer obesity indices were available and relationships were weaker. Other fat- and water-soluble vitamin indices correlated directly with alpha-tocopherol and inversely with gamma-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio. Whereas alpha-tocopherol correlated directly with 'healthy' nutrient choices (such as intrinsic sugars, dietary fibre, vitamins and potassium) and inversely with 'unhealthy' choices (extrinsic sugars and monounsaturated fats, i.e. avoidance of polyunsaturated fat), gamma-tocopherol and the gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio related inversely with 'healthy' choices. Food groups had analogous relationships; thus, alpha-tocopherol related directly to use of polyunsaturated fats, fresh fruits and fruit juices, and inversely to non-polyunsaturated fats and extrinsic sugar. The reverse was true for gamma-tocopherol and gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio. Although the mechanisms underlying these relationships are obscure, the gamma-tocopherol:alpha-tocopherol ratio may reveal poor dietary choices, status predictors and a propensity for obesity in later life, especially in women.
PURPOSE: To evaluate whether muscle contraction-induced variability of limb femoral arterial blood flow (FABF) can be reduced with longer sampling durations. This was assessed in relation to muscle contraction-relaxation cycles (CRcycles) during steady-state, one-legged, dynamic knee-extensor exercise (KEE) at varying "exercise intensities" and "contraction frequencies." METHODS: Eleven male subjects performed steady-state KEE at 10-40 W at 30 and 60 contractions per minute (cpm). FABF (Doppler ultrasound) and contraction-relaxation-induced variability in FABF was determined for 1-, 2-, 5-, 10-, 15-, 20-, and 30-CRcycles during approximately 4-min steady-state KEE. Variability was determined as coefficients of variation (CV). RESULTS: During KEE at 30 and 60 cpm CVFABF was significantly higher for 1-CRcycles (12.3% and 15.5%) and 2-CRcycles (9.6% and 11.8%) than for 30-CRcycles (4.0% and 5.2%), but similar for 10-CRcycles to 30-CRcycles at all work rates and contraction frequencies. The CVFABF between work rates at 30 and 60 cpm did not statistically differ (P = NS) for any of the CRcycle measurements. However, the single CRcycles-induced CVFABF at 60 cpm was significantly higher (P < 0.05) than that at 30 cpm at the lower exercise intensities of 10 and 20 W, but with no significant difference at 30 and 40W. CONCLUSION: Limb blood flow variability was markedly reduced with a longer sampling measurement of at least 10-CRcycles, which had a CVFABF of approximately 5%. Furthermore, the 1-CRcycle-induced FABF variability was similar at each exercise intensity, but significant variations were seen between contraction frequencies at lower exercise intensities. It is speculated the difference between the contraction frequencies at lower exercise intensities may be due to the muscle contraction-relaxation-induced variations in muscle force (intramuscular pressure), along with the superimposed blood pressure waves. 
High levels of insulin have been associated with increased risk of breast cancer, and poorer survival after diagnosis. Data and sera were collected from 603 breast cancer patients, including information on diet and physical activity, medical history, family history, demographic, and reproductive risk factors. These data were analyzed to test the hypothesis that excess insulin and related factors are directly related to mortality after a diagnosis of breast cancer. The cohort was recruited from breast cancer patients treated at the British Columbia Cancer Agency between July 1991 and December 1992. Questionnaire and medical record data were collected at enrollment and outcomes were ascertained by linkage to the BC Cancer Registry after 10 years of follow-up. The primary outcome of interest was breast cancer-specific mortality (n = 112). Lifestyle data were analyzed using Cox proportional hazards regression models to relate risk factors to outcomes, controlling for potential confounders, such as age and stage at diagnosis. Data for biological variables were analyzed as a nested case-control study due to limited serum volumes, with at least one survivor from the same cohort as a control for each breast cancer death, matched on stage and length of follow-up. High levels of insulin were associated with poorer survival for postmenopausal women [odds ratio, 1.9; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.7-6.6, comparing highest to lowest tertile, P trend = 0.10], while high dietary fat intake was associated with poorer survival for premenopausal women (relative risk, 4.8; 95% CI, 1.3-18.1, comparing highest to lowest quartile). Higher dietary protein intake was associated with better survival for all women (relative risk, 0.4; 95% CI, 0.2-0.8, comparing highest to lowest quartile).
We have previously demonstrated that in mice, the decrease in serum thyroxine (T(4)) level by polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) occurs without an increase in the UDP-glucuronosyltransferase (T(4)-UDP-GT) for T(4) glucuronidation, although the PCB-induced decrease in rats is generally thought to occur through induction of T(4)-UDP-GT, UGT1A1, and UGT1A6. In the present study, to further clarify the relationship between the decrease in serum T(4) level and the increase in UGT1A activity by PCB in rats, we examined the relationship using Wistar rats and Gunn rats, a mutant strain of Wistar rats deficient in UGT1A isoforms. The serum total T(4) level was markedly decreased not only in the Wistar rats but also in the Gunn rats 4 days after treatment with a PCB, Kanechlor-500 (KC500, 100 mg/kg) or 2,2',4,5,5'-pentachlorobiphenyl (PentaCB, 112 mg/kg), and there was no significant difference in magnitude of the decrease between the two rat strains. At the same time, the level and activity of T(4)-UDP-GT were significantly increased by treatment with either KC500 or PentaCB in Wistar rats but not in Gunn rats. In addition, no significant change in the level of serum total triiodothyronine (T(3)) and thyroid-stimulating hormone by the KC500 treatment was observed in either Wistar or Gunn rats. Furthermore, significant decrease in the activity of hepatic type-I deiodinase, which mediates the deiodization of T(4) and T(3), by treatment with KC500 or PentaCB was observed in both Wistar and Gunn rats. From the serum of KC500- or PentaCB-treated Wistar and Gunn rats, mono- and di-hydroxylated PCB metabolites, which would bind to T(4) binding serum protein (transthyretin), were detected. In conclusion, the present results suggest that the decrease in serum total T(4) level by either KC500 or PentaCB in Gunn rats was not dependent on the increase in hepatic T(4)-UDP-GT activity. The findings further suggest that the PCB-mediated decrease in serum T(4) level might occur, at least in part, through formation of the hydroxylated PCB metabolites. Furthermore, even in Wistar rats, the PCB-mediated decrease in serum T(4) level might occur not only through the increase in hepatic T(4)-UDP-GT but also via formation of hydroxylated PCB metabolites.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate calcium supplements in postmenopausal women. Calcium supplements in postmenopausal women with a low calcium intake have been shown to prevent osteoporotic vertebral fracture, but calcium is variably absorbed and often poorly tolerated, which may limit effectiveness. METHODS: The study compared the efficacy and tolerability of 500 mg/day of calcium in the form of ossein-hydroxyapatite (OHC) versus 500 mg/day of tricalcium phosphate (TCP) and placebo in the prevention of postmenopausal bone loss. This was a prospective randomized study enrolling 153 postmenopausal osteopenic women. Serum and urine markers of bone turnover were collected at 3 and 6 months. Bone density measurement was performed at baseline and 6 months in all participants, and at 12 months in women taking OHC. RESULTS: At 3 and 6 months, both TCP and OHC decreased serum markers of bone formation significantly, compared with placebo. At 6 months, TCP and OHC decreased osteocalcin by 9.9% and 12.3%, respectively; the aminoterminal propeptide of type I procollagen (PINP) was decreased by 5.3% and 6.3%, respectively; bone-specific alkaline phosphatase was decreased by 4.3% and 6.7%, respectively, compared with baseline. The effects on bone resorption markers or on bone mineral density did not reach statistical significance, although OHC increased bone density by 0.8% at the spine at 12 months. Both forms of calcium were well tolerated and did not differ from placebo in terms of side-effects. CONCLUSIONS: While both OHC and TCP were well tolerated and significantly reduced bone turnover markers, the effect of ossein-hydroxyapatite seems slightly superior to that of tricalcium phosphate. 
BACKGROUND: Elevated serum amyloid A (SAA) levels are associated with increased cardiovascular risk. SAA levels can be increased by dietary fat and cholesterol. Moreover, SAA can cause lipoproteins to bind extracellular vascular proteoglycans, a process that is critical in atherogenesis. Therefore, we hypothesized that diet-induced increases in SAA would increase atherosclerosis independent of their effect on plasma cholesterol levels. METHODS AND RESULTS: Female LDL-receptor-null (LDLR-/-) mice were fed high-saturated fat diets (21%, wt/wt), with or without added cholesterol (0.15%, wt/wt), for 10 weeks. Compared with chow-fed controls, the high-fat diets increased plasma SAA levels. Addition of cholesterol further increased SAA levels 2-fold (P<0.05) without further increasing plasma cholesterol levels. Addition of dietary cholesterol also increased atherosclerosis (P<0.05). Four lines of evidence suggest that SAA actually might cause atherosclerosis: (1) SAA levels when mice were euthanized correlated with the extent of atherosclerosis (r=0.49; P<0.02); (2) SAA levels after 5 weeks of diet correlated with the extent of atherosclerosis at 10 weeks (r=0.66; P<0.01); (3) binding of HDL from these animals to proteoglycans in vitro was related to the HDL-SAA content (r=0.65; P<0.01); and (4) immunoreactive SAA was present in lesion areas enriched with both proteoglycans and apolipoprotein A-I, the major HDL apolipoprotein. CONCLUSIONS: Addition of cholesterol to a high-fat diet increased plasma SAA levels and atherosclerosis independent of an adverse effect on plasma lipoproteins, consistent with the hypothesis that SAA may promote atherosclerosis directly by mediating retention of SAA-enriched HDL to vascular proteoglycans. 
BACKGROUND: Chronic diffuse telogen hair loss is common in women. Paired 4-mm punch biopsy from the vertex scalp for horizontal and vertical sectioning is commonly used to distinguish between chronic telogen effluvium (CTE) and female pattern hair loss (FPHL). FPHL is now the favored term for androgenetic alopecia in women. OBJECTIVE AND METHODS: To evaluate the reliability of a single horizontally sectioned scalp biopsy in the diagnosis of FPHL, 207 women presenting with chronic diffuse hair loss had three 4-mm punch biopsy specimens taken from immediately adjacent skin on the mid scalp, and all 3 biopsy specimens were sectioned horizontally. Findings were compared with 305 women who underwent two biopsies, with one sectioned horizontally and the other vertically. The terminal to vellus-like hair ratio (T:V) at the mid-isthmus level was used to diagnose FPHL (T:V <4:1), CTE (T:V >8:1), or indeterminate hair loss (T:V=5:1, 6:1, or 7:1). To correlate the histologic diagnosis with the clinical severity, a mid-scalp clinical grading scale was developed. RESULTS: Among the 305 women who had a single horizontal scalp biopsy, 181 (59%) were diagnosed as having FPHL, 54 (18%) having CTE, and 70 (23%) having indeterminate hair loss. Six hundred twenty-one horizontal biopsy specimens were assessed from 207 patients. On the basis of consensus over 3 biopsies, 159 (77%) were diagnosed as having FPHL, 44 (21%) having CTE, and the remaining 4 women (2%) as having indeterminate hair loss. Among these 207 women, 114 were assessed clinically as having stage 1 or 2 hair loss. Sixty-nine (60%) were diagnosed as having FPHL on the basis of triple biopsy, 42 (37%) having CTE, and 2 having indeterminate hair loss. Ninety-three were graded as having stage 3, 4, or 5 hair loss. FPHL was diagnosed in 90 women (97%), CTE in 2, and indeterminate hair loss in one. By using each single biopsy as the criterion for diagnosis, 398 (61%) were classified as FPHL, 99 (16%) as CTE, and 124 (20%) as indeterminate. In 493 biopsies (79%), the single biopsy conclusion was identical to the 3 biopsy conclusions. Where disagreement was seen (21%), most were classified as indeterminate, rather than as a wrong diagnosis (3.3%). CONCLUSION: Application of these diagnostic criteria achieved accurate diagnostic definition in 98% of women with triple horizontal biopsies versus 79% with single horizontal biopsy. Ninety-seven percent of women with a mid-scalp clinical grade of 3, 4, or 5 were given a diagnosis of FPHL on triple biopsy. Scalp biopsy for diagnosis should be reserved for women with a mid-scalp clinical grade of 1 or 2. 
The aim of the present study was to clarify the relationship between urinary cadmium concentration (U-Cd) and total cadmium intake (T-Cd) based on individual data of Cd in urine. Morning urine specimens were collected from 198 persons (100 men with average age of 45.8 years and 98 women with average age of 50.7 years) living in the Kakehashi River basin in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. The method used to calculate T-Cd basically mirrored that used in our previous study. Correlation coefficients between U-Cd and T-Cd of 0.879 and 0.835 were obtained in men and women, respectively, with both values statistically significant. Therefore, T-Cd is confirmed to be a useful indicator for external Cd exposure even on the basis of individual data of U-Cd.
Bronchial asthma is mediated, in part, by the immunoregulatory cytokines interleukins 4 and 13 (IL-4 and IL-13). These cytokines stimulate IgE synthesis that in turn is associated with airway hyper-responsiveness. Compounds that stimulate IgE synthesis and elicit bronchial reactivity are generally considered to be respiratory sensitizers. Recently, it has been hypothesized that exposure to phthalates may contribute to childhood asthma. To address this question, di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) was tested using a protocol adapted from work by Dearman that involves topical application (and challenge) of test substances to mice followed by measurements of total serum IgE. In addition, auricular lymph nodes were harvested for measurement of IL-4 and IL-13 proteins and their corresponding messenger RNAs. Because skin absorption of high molecular weight phthalates is limited, liver weight increase, a measure of peroxisomal proliferation, was monitored to assure that internal dosing had been achieved. ELISA and RNAse protection assays demonstrated that DEHP treatment did not significantly affect IgE, IL-4, or IL-13 levels. Similarly, IL-4 and IL-13 mRNA levels were not elevated. In contrast, all of these were significantly elevated by trimellitic anhydride (TMA), a respiratory sensitizer used as the positive control in this assay. Liver weights were significantly elevated by DEHP, providing evidence of sufficient percutaneous absorption to induce physiological responses. To extend these observations, three other commercial phthalate ester plasticizers, di-isononyl phthalate (DINP), di-isohexyl phthalate (DIHP), and butyl benzyl phthalate (BBP), were assessed using the same protocol. As above, ELISA and RNAse protection assays showed that IgE, IL-4, and IL-13 proteins, and IL-4 and IL-13 mRNAs in the phthalate-treated animals were all at levels similar to that of control values. The positive control, TMA, produced large, statistically significant increases in all parameters, demonstrating responsiveness of the assay. Another control, dinitrochlorobenzene (DNCB), a contact sensitizer, also responded as expected, producing smaller but statistically significant increases in IgE and in mRNA for IL-4 and IL-13 but not in the levels of these cytokines. In summary, treatment with DEHP, DINP, DIHP, and BBP did not result in significant elevations in total serum IgE, IL-4, or IL-13. As such it is unlikely that these substances would produce antibody-mediated respiratory allergy.
BACKGROUND: Indian Asians living in Western Countries have an over 50 % increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) relative to their Caucasians counterparts. The atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype (ALP), which is more prevalent in this ethnic group, may in part explain the increased risk. A low dietary long chain n-3 fatty acid (LC n-3 PUFA) intake and a high dietary n-6 PUFA intake and n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio in Indian Asians have been proposed as contributors to the increased ALP incidence and CHD risk in this subgroup. AIM: To examine the impact of dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio on membrane fatty acid composition, blood lipid levels and markers of insulin sensitivity in Indian Asians living in the UK. METHODS: Twenty-nine males were assigned to either a moderate or high n-6:n-3 PUFA (9 or 16) diet for 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected at baseline and 6 weeks for analysis of triglycerides, total-, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol, non-esterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, markers of insulin sensitivity and C-reactive protein. RESULTS: Group mean saturated fatty acid, MUFA, n-6 PUFA and n-3 PUFA on the moderate and high n-6:n-3 PUFA diets were 26 g/d, 43 g/d, 15 g/d, 2 g/d and 25 g/d, 25 g/d, 28 g/d, 2 g/d respectively. A significantly lower total membrane n-3 PUFA and a trend towards lower EPA and DHA levels were observed following the high n-6:n-3 PUFA diet. However no significant effect of treatment on plasma lipids was evident. There was a trend towards a loss of insulin sensitivity on the high n-6:n- 3 PUFA diet, with the increase in fasting insulin (P = 0.04) and HOMA IR [(insulin x glucose)/22.5] (P = 0.02) reaching significance. CONCLUSION: The results of the current study suggest that, within the context of a western diet, it is unlikely that dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio has any major impact on the levels of LC n-3 PUFA in membrane phospholipids or have any major clinically relevant impact on insulin sensitivity and its associated dyslipidemia. 
The purpose of this study was to estimate variability of flow Doppler parameters in the superior thyroid artery (STHA) during the menstrual cycle in young women and to explore the influence of endogenous 17-b-estradiol (E2) and progesterone (PRG) on the velocity waveform. The plasma concentration of these hormones was correlated with flow velocities, pulsatility index (PUI), resistance index (RI) and acceleration index (accI) and time (accT), which were measured with color-coded duplex sonography 8 times during the cycle in 14 healthy women (age range: 23 to 25 years). Coefficient of variation (CV), interclass correlation (ICC), repeatability (repC) and pooled Pearson correlation (r) coefficients were used to estimate the variability of the parameters. The highest variability was found for accI and accT: CV = 48% and 31%; ICC = 0.51 and 0.45; repC = 2.8 and 95; r = 0.37 and 0.4, respectively. The CV for flow velocities varied from 25% to 26%, ICC from 0.53 to 0.56, repC from 8 to 17 and r has a value of 0.46. The respective values for RI and PUI were: 11%, 18%; 0.48, 0.55; 0.15, 0.48; and 0.46, 0.48. The diastolic blood pressure decreased significantly by 7 mmHg (p < 0.01) in the luteal phase, whereas other physiological variables were stable during the cycle. Although the fluctuations of the flow parameters during the cycle were not statistically significant, a weak linear correlation between flow velocities and concentration of E2 was found; for mean velocity r = 0.16, p < 0.05. Impedance indices showed an increasing trend in the luteal phase, along with increase of the pulse pressure index (PPI). The results showed that variability of the flow parameters in the STHA is substantial and that higher flow velocities are associated with increase of plasma concentration of 17-b-estradiol during the menstrual cycle in young women.
BACKGROUND: An important therapeutic goal for patients with type 2 diabetes is weight loss, which improves metabolic abnormalities. Ad libitum low-fat diets cause weight loss in nondiabetic populations. Compared with diets higher in monounsaturated fat, however, eucaloric low-fat diets may increase plasma triacylglycerol concentrations and worsen glycemic control in persons with type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether, in type 2 diabetes patients, an ad libitum low-fat diet would cause greater weight loss than would a high-monounsaturated fat diet and would do this without increasing plasma triacylglycerol concentrations or worsening glycemic control. DESIGN: Eleven patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to receive an ad libitum low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet or a high-monounsaturated fat diet, each for 6 wk. The diets offered contained 125% of the estimated energy requirement to allow self-selection of food quantity. The response variables were body weight; fasting plasma lipid, lipoprotein, glucose, glycated hemoglobin A(1c), and fructosamine concentrations; insulin sensitivity; and glucose disposal. RESULTS: Body weight decreased significantly (1.53 kg; P < 0.001) only with the low-fat diet. Plasma total, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations tended to decrease during both diets. There were no interaction effects between diet and the lipid profile response over time. Plasma triacylglycerol concentrations, glycemic control, and insulin sensitivity did not differ significantly between the 2 diets. CONCLUSION: Contrary to expectations, the ad libitum, low-fat, high-fiber diet promoted weight loss in patients with type 2 diabetes without causing unfavorable alterations in plasma lipids or glycemic control. 
Persistent methyl sulfone (MeSO2-) and hydroxylated (HO-) polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) metabolites have emerged as important classes of environmental contaminants in vertebrate, aquatic biota and humans. In the present study, PCB, MeSO2-PCB and HO-PCB concentrations and congener patterns were determined in the whole blood and adipose tissue of male (n = 7) and female (n = 12) polar bears (Ursus maritimus) of random age (3-25 years of age), and collected in 1999-2001 from the Ittoqqortoormiit/Scoresby Sound area in central East Greenland. There was no significant difference (P < 0.05) between males and females with respect to PCB or PCB metabolite concentrations in either tissue. The mean sum (Sigma) PCB concentrations were 7020+/-3366 ng/g lipid weight (lw) (range 2708-18148 ng/g lw) and 46.1+/-44.6 ng/g wet weight (ww) (range 12.6-204.2 ng/g ww) in adipose and blood, respectively. The mean Sigma-HO-PCB concentration in whole blood was 182.3+/-72.1 ng/g ww (range 93.8-382.1 ng/g ww). The mean Sigma-HO-PCB to Sigma-PCB concentration ratios in whole blood were 4.59+/-3.58 (range 1.03-11.88) and 8.30+/-5.56 (range 2.16-19.47) in females and males, respectively, which are the highest ratios reported so far for polar bears from any population, or for any free-ranging animal. Sigma-HO-PCB concentrations were greater than all other major classes of organochlorines (i.e. Sigma-PCBs, Sigma-MeSO2-PCBs, Sigma-chlordanes (CHLs), Sigma-hexachlorocyclohexanes (HCHs) and Sigma-chlorobenzenes (CBzs). The mean Sigma-MeSO2-PCB concentrations were 699+/-836 ng/g lw (range 127-3920 ng/g lw) and 10.9+/-9.6 ng/g ww (range 4.3-52.1 ng/g ww) in the adipose and blood, respectively. Regardless of age and sex, in both adipose and whole blood the MeSO2-PCB congener pattern was dominated by 3'- and 4'-MeSO2-CB101 and -CB87, and 4-MeSO2-CB149 (approx. 70% of the Sigma-MeSO2-PCBs). Minor differences in the MeSO2-PCB congener pattern were observed between blood and adipose, which suggests the possible influence of metabolite structure on mobilization and/or deposition to the adipose tissue. Sixteen HO-PCB congeners and one di-HO-PCB congener were identified, and five HO-PCB isomers and one di-HO-PCB isomer were detected. However, congener patterns were dominated by 4'-OH-CB120, 4-HO-CB146/3-HO-CB153, 4-OH-CB187, 4'-HO-CB172, 4-HO-CB193 and 4,4'-di-HO-CB202 (> 10 ng/g ww). HO-PCB congener patterns in whole blood were not significantly different (P < 0.05) between males and females. Other chlorinated phenolic contaminants, pentachlorophenol (0.3+/-0.3 ng/g ww) and 4-HO-heptachlorostyrene (7.5+/-2.9 ng/g ww) were also detected in blood. To our knowledge, this is to first report comparing PCBs, MeSO2-PCBs and HO-PCBs in whole blood and adipose tissue in a free-ranging wildlife species. HO-PCBs and MeSO2-PCBs are both important circulating contaminants in polar bears from this eastern Greenland population. Given the known toxicities of PCB metabolites, this population of polar bear may be experiencing health risks due to exposure to a complex loading of organohalogen contaminants that include HO-PCB and MeSO2-PCB metabolites.
Observational evidence is accumulating that the onset of age-related maculopathy, the leading cause of legal blindness in the Western World, could be delayed, or even averted, with antioxidant supplements. Lutein (L) and zeaxanthin (Z) are two hydroxy-carotenoids with antioxidant activity which accumulate at the macula, where they are collectively known as macular pigment (MP). It has been shown that MP is entirely of dietary origin, and that L and Z levels in serum, diet, and retina correlate. However, the nature of the relationships between L and Z in foodstuffs, blood, and macula is confounded by many variables including processes which influence digestion, absorption, and transport of the compounds in question, and accumulation and stabilization of the carotenoids in the tissues. If macular pigment is protective for age-related maculopathy, a clear understanding of the mechanisms whereby L and Z arrive at the target tissue (retina) from their source (foodstuff) is essential. In this paper, we review the literature germane to this growing area of interest.
To assess the influence of a new hazardous waste incinerator (HWI) on public health, a preoperational monitoring program was established during the period of construction. In this study, the levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDD) and dibenzofurans (PCDF) accumulated in adipose tissue of 15 autopsied subjects living in the area under potential impact of the HWI were determined after approximately 3 years of regular operations in the facility. The non-ortho PCBs 77, 126 and 169 were also determined. PCDD/F concentrations ranged between 1.5 and 41 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat (2.4 and 72 WHO-TEQ/g fat, respectively, including PCBs), with a mean value of 11 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat and a median value of 7.4 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat (22 and 13 WHO-TEQ/g fat, respectively, including PCBs). In the baseline study, the mean level of PCDD/Fs was 36 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat (61 pg WHO-TEQ/g fat, including non-ortho PCBs 77, 126 and 169), which means a reduction of 70% (64% including PCBs). This notable reduction is in accordance with the important decrease observed in recent years in PCDD/F intake through the diet. The current concentrations of PCDD/Fs in human adipose tissue, as well as recent data on PCDD/F levels in plasma and breast milk of subjects living in the vicinity of the same HWI, indicate that there is not any additional significant exposure to PCDD/Fs for this population.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is used to make polyvinyl chloride (PVC) plastic tubing soft and flexible. Animal data show that adverse effects of DEHP exposure may include reduced fertility, reduced sperm production in males, and ovarian dysfunction in females. Known treatments that involve high DEHP exposures are blood exchange transfusions, extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), and cardiovascular surgery. Although potential exposure to DEHP in ECMO patients is significant, the exposure has not been associated with short-term toxicity. To evaluate long-term toxicity, we undertook a study of neonatal ECMO survivors to assess their onset of puberty and sexual maturity. We evaluated 13 male and 6 female subjects at 14-16 years of age who had undergone ECMO as neonates. All subjects had a complete physical examination including measurements for height, weight, head circumference, and pubertal assessment by Tanner staging. The testicular volume and the phallic length were measured in male participants. Laboratory tests included thyroid, liver, and renal function as well as measurements of luteinizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, testosterone for males, and estradiol for females. Except for one patient with Marfan syndrome, the rest had normal growth percentile for age and sex. All had normal values for thyroid, liver, and renal functions. Sexual hormones were appropriate for the stage of pubertal maturity. Our results indicate that adolescents exposed to significant quantities of DEHP as neonates showed no significant adverse effects on their physical growth and pubertal maturity. Thyroid, liver, renal, and male and female gonadal functions tested were within normal range for age and sex distribution. Key Words: DEHP, ECMO, toxicity.
A trace analytical method is presented for the analysis of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites (HO-PCBs) and pentachlorophenol (PCP) in human plasma. The described methodology is a modification of a previously validated method used for PCB and organochlorine pesticide analysis. The modified method enables the combined analysis of phenolic and neutral halogenated compounds. A tandem Florisil column is used for separating the HO-PCBs and PCP from the neutral fraction, instead of the more common chemical partitioning. In the same step the neutral fraction is purified for GC analysis. The extraction of the HO-PCBs and PCP was found to be highly dependent on sufficient acidification of the sample and the polarity of the extracting solvent. Analysis of plasma samples gave recovery rates for (13)C(6)-PCP and (13)C(12)-4-HO-CB 187 of 64 and 72%, respectively. The limit of detection ranged between 2-20 pg g(-1) plasma for the HO-PCBs and 5 pg g(-1) plasma for PCP. No matrix interferences were observed in the chromatograms. In plasma samples (n = 15) from the native Chukchi people in Uelen (Russian Arctic), a population with high PCB exposure, the median ratio of sum HO-PCBs to sum PCBs was as high as 0.4 and the sum HO-PCBs and PCBs were significantly correlated (r(2) > 0.7, p < 0.01). The median sum HO-PCBs (10 congeners) was 5920 pg g(-1) plasma with 4-HO-CB 107 as the dominating congener (median: 1670 pg g(-1) plasma). The median PCP level was measured at 642 pg g(-1) plasma.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitously present in the environment and associated with a variety of adverse health effects. Monohydroxylated PAHs (OH-PAHs), metabolites of PAHs, have been employed as biomarkers for human exposure assessment of PAHs. This manuscript describes new, selective detection methods for OH-PAHs using liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS). Electrospray ionization was operated in the negative ion mode to detect the deprotonated PAH metabolites ([M-H](-)). Hydroxylated metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, benzo[c]phenanthrene, chrysene, benzo[a]anthracene, and benzo[a]pyrene were selected for the method development. Based on the collision-induced dissociation MS/MS spectra of the selected OH-PAHs, a characteristic ion fragmentation, loss of 28 Da from the [M--H](-) ion, was identified for all of these OH-PAHs. This characteristic fragmentation was exploited for selective screening for OH-PAHs in human urine by incorporating a constant neutral loss (CNL) scan with data-dependent scanning, using a triple quadruple mass spectrometer. Selected reaction monitoring (SRM) was also used to tentatively identify isomers of the target OH-PAHs in human urine. The excellent linearity (3-4 orders of magnitude) and signal-to-noise performance provided by the SRM method allowed development of a sensitive LC/MS/MS method for measuring OH-PAHs in urine samples. The limits of detection of the SRM method ranged from approximately 0.1-5 pg on column for a suite of OH-PAHs tested in the study. The LC-SRM method was applied, following enzymatic deconjugation and solid-phase extraction of the urine, to preliminarily determine the OH-PAH concentrations in urine specimens from six Chinese non-occupationally exposed workers and seven Chinese coke oven workers.
Two experiments were performed in order to study how weaning and post-weaning dietary zinc level affect serum IGF-I. Further, whether the growth-enhancing effect of 2500 ppm of dietary zinc (Zn2500) and/or 175 ppm of dietary copper (Cu175) in post-weaning diets is associated with elevated serum IGF-I levels in piglets was studied. Experiment 1 included 54 piglets (six litters of nine piglets). One piglet from every litter was assigned to a control group (blood sampled 1 day before weaning). At weaning the remaining eight piglets from every litter were allocated randomly to four dietary treatments with increasing zinc inclusions (Zn100, Zn250, Zn1000, Zn2500). In exp. 2, 48 piglets (six litters of eight piglets) were allocated to four dietary treatments (Zn100, Zn100Cu175, Zn2500, Zn2500Cu175). All piglets in exp. 1 were blood sampled at -1, 1-2, 5-6 or 14-15 days after weaning and in exp. 2 blood samples were taken from all pigs 5-7 days after weaning. Feed intake was recorded per pen (two piglets) and weight gain was recorded for every piglet. Just after weaning feed intake was very low, piglets lost weight and serum IGF-I decreased in exp. 1. However, the piglets fed 2500 ppm of zinc reached pre-weaning levels of serum IGF-I at 14-15 days post-weaning, whereas piglets receiving lower zinc levels showed no changes in serum IGF-I. In exp. 2, additional dietary zinc in weaning diets for piglets was found to be associated with increased feed intake, improved growth rate and increased serum IGF-I. High levels of dietary copper did not affect any of these measurements. Zinc-induced rise in serum IGF-I was partly due to increased feed intake. After correcting for differences in feed intake, zinc significantly increased serum IGF-I. However, to completely separate effects of feed intake from effects of zinc status, pair-feeding should be considered in future studies.
Effects of cigarette smoking and exposure to dietary cadmium (Cd) and lead (Pb) on urinary biomarkers of renal function and phenotypic variability of cytochrome P450 2A6 (CYP2A6) were investigated in a group of 96 healthy Thai men with mean age of 36.7 year (19-57 years). In non-smokers, Cd burden increased with age (r = 0.47, P < 0.001). In current smokers, Cd burden increased with both age (r = 0.45, P = 0.01) and number of cigarettes smoked per day (r = 0.32, P = 0.05). Cd-linked renal tubular dysfunction was seen in both smokers and non-smokers, but Pb-linked glomerular dysfunction was seen in smokers only, possibly due to more recent exposure to high levels of Cd and Pb, as reflected by 30-50% higher serum Cd and Pb levels in smokers than non-smokers (P < 0.05). Exposure to dietary Cd and Pb appeared to be associated with mild tubular dysfunction whereas dietary exposure plus cigarette smoking was associated with tubular plus glomerular dysfunction. Hepatic CYP2A6 activity in non-smokers showed a positive association with Cd burden (adjusted beta = 0.38, P = 0.006), but it showed an inverse correlation with Pb (adjusted beta = -0.29, P = 0.003), suggesting opposing effects of Cd and Pb on hepatic CYP2A6 phenotype. In contrast, CYP2A6 activity in current smokers did not correlate with Cd or Pb, but it showed a positive correlation with serum ferritin levels (r = 0.45, P = 0.01). These finding suggest that Pb concentrations in the liver probably were too low to inhibit hepatic synthesis of heme and CYP2A6 and that the concurrent induction of hepatic CYP2A6 and ferritin was probably due to cigarette smoke constituents other than Cd and Pb.
T-cell reactivity is typically measured by cell proliferation and/or production of cytokines in response to antigenic/mitogenic stimulation. The choice of assays is more limited in ruminants than rodents, and complicated by the variability inherent in outbred populations. We have measured proliferation and production of interferon-gamma (IFN-gamma) by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from 24 sheep, and compared the responses between sheep, within sheep over several sample points, and also drawn comparisons between the two assays. PBMC derived from different sheep varied by as much as ten-fold in both proliferation and IFN-gamma production, though not necessarily at the same sample time. Thus, there was a poor correlation between the two assays and also considerable variation in the responses from the same animal at different time points. Both parameters could be modulated by exogenous recombinant ovine interleukin (IL)-10 and IL-12, but we were unable to correlate IFN-gamma production with endogenous cytokine production in the assays. These data highlight the importance of assay selection for the measurement of immune responsiveness and also demonstrate the variation that can be expected between sheep and over time.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) form a chemical family containing several hundred compounds, including benzo[a]pyrene and pyrene. They are usually produced by the incomplete burning of coal, oil, gas, garbage, or other organic substances like tobacco or charbroiled meat. Exposure to PAH causes tumors, primarily in the lung, the bladder, and the skin. To investigate the differentially expressed proteins resultant from PAH exposure, the protein expression in human plasma was analyzed using two-dimensional electrophoresis (2-DE). The plasma exposed to PAH was obtained from 48 waste gas pollution measurers working at an automobile emission inspection center. The 1-hydroxypryene (1-OHP) level, which is the urinary PAH metabolite used for evaluation of PAH exposure, was 0.28 micromol/mol creatinine in PAH exposure groups, and 0.078 micromol/mol creatinine in unexposed groups (control, n = 33). A protein upregulated by PAH (putative capacitative calcium entry channel) and five overexpressed proteins (two fibrinogen gamma-A chain precursors, a hemopexin precursor, an albumin precursor, and T-cell receptor beta chain C region) were identified with matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight-mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF-MS) and confirmed with tandem MS (MS/MS) and Western blotting. The putative capacitative calcium entry channel was partially validated with a laboratory made antibody of a representative peptide fragment in PAH-exposed human plasma samples.
Expression patterns of the cytochromes P450 CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 have been analyzed on the transcript level in leukocytes of persons (n = 30) occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH). To assess effects on expression levels results were compared with data obtained from a non-exposed control group (n = 68). CYP1B1 transcripts can be detected in all subjects of the control group but vary largely in their levels (factor 35). Statistical analysis shows that this variability is neither due to the age of the persons nor due to cigarette smoking. Furthermore, there is no difference in expression levels between genders. In contrast to CYP1B1, CYP1A1 is detectable in only 14% of the subjects. People involved in graphite electrode production and exposed to PAH show largely decreased CYP1B1 transcript levels. In 67% of the subjects, CYP1B1 is no more detectable at all. Vice versa, expression of CYP1A1 is increased in exposed persons so that 80% become positive for CYP1A1 vs. 14% of the control group. The results show that occupational exposure to PAH apparently leads to effect-relevant internal doses. Both, suppression of CYP1B1 and induction of CYP1A1 in leukocytes can be used as exposure parameters proving both enzymes to be suitable biomarkers of exposure. The suppression of CYP1B1 is an unexpected effect which needs further investigation. It is discussed that CYP1B1 and CYP1A1 indeed share a common Ah receptor mediated transcriptional regulation but that differences in promoter structure of the two genes and tissue-specific expression profiles of transcription factors may cause a differential expression behaviour.
OBJECTIVE: We compared plasma biomarkers of antioxidant status, oxidative stress, inflammation, and risk for coronary heart disease in long-term vegetarians and age- and sex-matched omnivores. METHODS: Thirty vegetarians (mean age +/- standard deviation: 44.2 +/- 9.0 y) were recruited. The subjects had been vegetarian for 5 to 55 y (21.8 +/- 12.2 y). The control group comprised 30 adults selected by age-stratified sampling from a community health project (mean age: 44.0 +/- 9.2 y). Fasting plasma total antioxidant status (ferric-reducing antioxidant power), ascorbic acid (AA), alpha-tocopherol (total and lipid standardized), malondialdehyde, total cholesterol, triacylglycerol, uric acid (UA), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured. RESULTS: Plasma AA was significantly higher in the vegetarians than in the omnivores (90.5 +/- 21.0 and 61.8 +/- 17.0 microM; P < 0.001). The vegetarians had lower concentrations of triacylglycerol, UA, and hsCRP. Plasma total and lipid-standardized alpha-tocopherol concentrations were also lower in the vegetarians: 22.0 +/- 5.9 and 27.0 +/- 7.9 microM versus 3.76 +/- 0.57 and 4.23 +/- 0.58 microM per millimoles per liter of total cholesterol plus triacylglycerol, respectively. There was a significant inverse correlation between AA and UA (r = -0.343, P < 0.01; n = 60) and between AA and hsCRP (r = -0.306, P < 0.05; n = 55). Plasma ferric-reducing antioxidant power and malondialdehyde did not differ significantly between groups; however, the contribution of AA to the total antioxidant capacity of plasma was approximately 50% greater in the vegetarians. CONCLUSIONS: A long-term vegetarian diet is associated with markedly higher fasting plasma AA concentrations and lower concentrations of TAG, UA, and hsCRP. Long-term vegetarians have a better antioxidant status and coronary heart disease risk profile than do apparently healthy omnivores. Plasma AA may act a useful marker of overall health status. 
OBJECTIVE: To measure folate content in cooked foods commonly consumed in Korea for evaluating its relation to folate nutriture of college students. DESIGN: Folate content in 32 raw and cooked foods was measured by microbiological assay after trienzyme extraction. These values and the previously published values of 110 raw foods commonly consumed in Korea were used to update the currently available food tables to estimate dietary folate intake of 106 students based on a 3-day 24-h recall. The association of folate intake with blood folate and homocysteine concentrations was evaluated. SETTING: Cheongju, Korea. SUBJECTS: Healthy college students aged 18 to 27 y old (44 males and 62 females). RESULTS: The average folate loss in 32 foods caused by cooking was 29%. The mean daily dietary folate intakes estimated with an updated database were 406 and 305 mug in males and females, respectively. About 10% of both male and female students showed low serum folate (<6.8 nmol/l). Folate intake was positively correlated with serum and erythrocyte folate concentrations in female students (r=0.27 and 0.29, respectively, P<0.05), and negatively correlated with serum homocysteine in male students (r=-0.41, P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Mean dietary folate intake was higher than those of previous studies since the database was updated using values obtained with trienzyme extraction. Folate intake for the general population should be re-evaluated using reliable food folate values obtained with trienzyme extraction. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to validate a diet history interview (DHI) method and a 3-day activity registration (AR) with biological markers. SUBJECTS AND STUDY DESIGN: The reported dietary intake of 33 rheumatoid arthritis patients (17 patients on a Mediterranean-type diet and 16 patients on a control diet) participating in a dietary intervention study was assessed using the DHI method. The total energy expenditure (TEE), estimated by a 3-day AR, was used to validate the energy intake (EI). For nine subjects the activity registration was also validated by means of the doubly labelled water (DLW) method. The excretion of nitrogen, sodium and potassium in 24-h urine samples was used to validate the intake of protein, sodium and potassium. RESULTS: There was no significant difference between the EI and the TEE estimated by the activity registration or between the intake of protein, sodium and potassium and their respective biological markers. However, in general, the AR underestimated the TEE compared to the DLW method. No significant differences were found between the subjects in the Mediterranean diet group and the control diet group regarding the relationship between the reported intakes and the biological markers. CONCLUSION: The DHI could capture the dietary intake fairly well, and the dietary assessment was not biased by the dietary intervention. The AR showed a bias towards underestimation when compared to the DLW method. This illustrates the importance of valid biological markers. 
The isotope dilution technique was applied for the analysis of new polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs) calibration standard (both labeled and non-labeled) using high-resolution gas chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry (HRGC-HRMS). The relative response factor (RRF) and relative standard deviation (RSD) for new calibration standard in Finnigan Thermo Electron (MAT-95XL) and Micromass (Autospec Ultima) were more or less identical with mean RRF (0.9882), RSD (0.0865) and CV% of (8.75). The results also revealed for DeBDE-209 quantification; labeled DeBDE-209 is essential. Furthermore, we recommend on column injection technique with a thin film instead of splitless injection in order to reduce the thermal degradation of DeBDE-209 and formation of octabromodibenzofurans (OBDF). Besides, analysis of human blood (n = 156) of FEBRA-intake and non-FEBRA-intake individuals elucidated frequent detection of eighteen PBDE congeners. The average PBDE concentrations in non-FEBRA intake and FEBRA-intake humans were 6000-11,000 (mean: 8400) and 5400-15,000 (mean: 9900) respectively on pg/g fat basis. Although FEBRA-intake individuals showed slightly greater PBDEs, computer-normalized concentrations of TeBDE-47 corroborate FEBRA-intake individual from four family showed reduced concentrations. The contamination profiles of PBDEs varied in between family, gender as well as geography. International comparison with predominant PBDE congener (TeBDE-47) prevailed lower levels in Japan when compared to Korea, Germany and USA nevertheless, congener specific profiles were different which is in accordance with different technical PBDE usage in between countries.
Impact of FEBRA (fermented brown rice with Aspergillus oryzae, a rich dietary fiber) intake on the concentrations of polychlorinated-biphenyls (PCBs), -dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (DLPCBs), -dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), and -dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in blood of nine married Japanese were studied for 2 years. Concentrations of total PCBs (average+/-standard deviation) were greater 326,000+/-263,000 and 207,000+/-89,000 in FEBRA-intake and non-FEBRA-intake groups, respectively, on pg/g lipid (from now onwards data expressed on pg/g lipid). DLPCBs were second major contaminants 94,000+/-77,000 and 60,000+/-28,000, orderly in FEBRA-intake and non-FEBRA-intake groups. The concentrations of PCDD/DFs were several orders of magnitude lower than those of PCBs, whereas PCDDs were greater (433+/-233 and 512+/-511, in FEBRA-intake and non-FEBRA-intake groups, respectively) than PCDFs (56+/-50 and 43+/-35). Calculated toxic equivalency (TEQ) concentrations were 34+/-24 and 23+/-10 in FEBRA-intake and non-FEBRA-intake groups, respectively. In order to corroborate the impact of FEBRA, the changes of PCDD/DFs and PCB concentrations for 0.5-year, 1-year, 1.5-year, and 2-year samples were estimated from average concentration of 1-day before study commences and 1-week study samples. The results explicit FEBRA-intake group eliminated 7%, 33%, 45%, 36%, and 26% and non-FEBRA-intake group eliminated 8%, 28%, 36%, 31%, and 20% of DLPCBs, PCDDs, PCDFs, PCDD/DF TEQ and total TEQ, respectively. This study is the first of its kind showing the possible elimination of PCDDs, PCDFs and their TEQ in humans from Japan after the consumption of FEBRA.
Relationship between dietary intake and serum anabolic hormone concentrations of testosterone (T), free testosterone (FT), and growth hormone were examined at rest as well as after the heavy-resistance exercise (HRE) in 8 strength athletes (SA) and 10 physically active non-athletes (NA). In the first part of the study serum basal anabolic hormone concentrations and dietary intake were examined in the total group of subjects. In the second part of the study a subgroup of 5 SA and 5 NA performed the high volume and high intensity HRE. Dietary intake was registered by dietary diaries for 4 days preceding the loading day. Significant correlations were observed between serum basal T and fat (E%: r = 0.55, p < 0.05, g/kg: r = 0.65, p < 0.01) and protein intake (E%: r = - 0.77, p < 0.001, g/kg: r = - 0.68, p < 0.01) in the total group of subjects. However, when the two groups were examined separately the significant relationships between serum basal T and dietary fat and protein could be noticed in SA only (fat g/kg: SA r = 0.77, p < 0.05; in NA r = 0.44, n.s., protein g/kg: SA r = - 0.84, p < 0.05; in NA r = 0.27, n.s.). Both serum T and FT responses to HRE were correlated with fat (E%: r = 0.85, p < 0.01 and r = 0.73, p < 0.05, g/kg: r = 0.72, p < 0.05 and r = 0.77, p < 0.01) and protein (E%: r = - 0.81, p < 0.01 and r = - 0.69, p < 0.05, g/kg: r = - 0.86, p < 0.01 and r = - 0.65, p < 0.05). The results suggest the possible role of diet leading to alterations in serum T and FT during prolonged strength training, and that diets with insufficient fat and/or excessive protein may compromise the anabolic hormonal environment over a training program.
This paper examines the reliability of sport fish consumption data from the New York State Angler Cohort Study (NYSACS). NYSACS is a prospective cohort study conducted among New York State registered sportsmen and fishermen. Sport fish consumption information for New York State waters including the Great Lakes between June 1990 and June 1991 were collected through self-administered questionnaires, Spouses of male anglers were asked to provide their husbands' fish consumption during the same time period. A short telephone interview after the cohort was ascertained was also conducted among about 100 study participants for the purpose of quality control. Percentage agreement, kappa, and weighted kappa were calculated to evaluate the reliability of the interview using spousal data and reinterview data. Overall, for the total fish consumption between June 1990 and June 1991, percentage agreement, kappa, and weighted kappa between spousal data and primary response were 67.28%, 0.5087, and 0.6157, respectively. For reinterview data, weighted kappa ranged from 0.4510 to 0.5285 for season-specific analysis and kappa ranged from 0.4615 to 0.7006 for fish species-specific analysis. Spouses may be a good source of proxy data for fish consumption. The reliability of sport fish consumption data for the NYSACS study is acceptable, suggesting that the food frequency measuring methods employed are a viable approach to obtain retrospective sport fish consumption data from sportsmen and subsistence anglers.
Phthalates are a family of multifunctional chemicals widely used in personal care and other consumer products. The ubiquitous use of phthalates results in human exposure through multiple sources and routes, including dietary ingestion, dermal absorption, inhalation, and parenteral exposure from medical devices containing phthalates. We explored the temporal variability over 3 months in urinary phthalate metabolite levels among 11 men who collected up to nine urine samples each during this time period. Eight phthalate metabolites were measured by solid-phase extraction-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Statistical analyses were performed to determine the between- and within-subject variance apportionment, and the sensitivity and specificity of a single urine sample to classify a subject's 3-month average exposure. Five of the eight phthalates were frequently detected. Monoethyl phthalate (MEP) was detected in 100% of samples; monobutyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP), and monomethyl phthalate were detected in > 90% of samples. Although we found both substantial day-to-day and month-to-month variability in each individual's urinary phthalate metabolite levels, a single urine sample was moderately predictive of each subject's exposure over 3 months. The sensitivities ranged from 0.56 to 0.74. Both the degree of between- and within-subject variance and the predictive ability of a single urine sample differed among phthalate metabolites. In particular, a single urine sample was most predictive for MEP and least predictive for MEHP. These results suggest that the most efficient exposure assessment strategy for a particular study may depend on the phthalates of interest.
Leptin is the hormone product of the obese gene synthesized and secreted predominantly by white adipocytes. It functions as a lipostatic signal regulating BW, food intake, energy expenditure, reproduction, and certain immune system functions. Although previous studies have identified polymorphisms in the coding regions of the leptin gene in cattle that show considerable associations with feed intake, milk quality and quantity, and carcass fatness, no such associations have been reported for the leptin promoter. The current study reports associations between SNP in the 5' untranslated promoter region of the bovine leptin gene with serum leptin concentration, growth, BW, feed intake, feeding behavior, and carcass merit in hybrid cattle (n = 150). The study showed that animals with the TT genotype of a less frequent cytosine/thymine (C/ T) substitution (UASMS2; frequency of thymine allele equals 0.21) detected at position 528 in the bovine leptin promoter (GenBank Accession No. AB070368) show 48 and 39% increases in serum leptin concentration (P < 0.001), 39 and 31% increases in backfat thickness (P < 0.001), and 13 and 9% increase in marbling score (P = 0.01), compared with CC or CT genotypes, respectively. Animals with the TT genotype also show significantly higher feed intake (P < 0.001), growth rate, metabolic BW (P < 0.05), and live weight at slaughter (P < 0.10). Animals with the GG genotype of a more frequent cytosine/guanine (C/G) substitution (UASMS3; frequency of G allele equals 0.59) at position 1759 in the bovine leptin promoter (GenBank Accession No. AB070368) also show higher feed intake (P = 0.001), growth rate (P < 0.10), and BW (P < 0.01). The thymine allele of UASMS2 and the guanine allele of UASMS3 were separately associated with higher feeding duration (P < 0.05). The two SNP show significant linkage disequilibrium and could also be relevant in predicting other characteristics, such as milk yield and quality in cattle. These results, however, represent the initial associations of the polymorphisms with these traits, and further efforts are required to validate these findings in other populations.
The longitudinal NHEXAS-Maryland study measured metals, PAHs, and pesticides in several media to capture temporal variability. Questionnaires were concurrently administered to identify factors that influenced changes in contaminant levels over time. We constructed mixed-effects regression models for lead, phenanthrene, and chlorpyrifos (including metabolites) in indoor air, dust, dermal wipes, and biological fluids. Significant predictors represented time-varying activities as well as unchanging housing and demographic factors. There was little overlap among the models, with predictors generally reflecting the diverse characteristics of the target compounds. We estimated between- and within-person variance components to evaluate the reliability of the measurements. While only one measurement of lead in blood or chlopyrifos in dust was needed for a dependable estimate of an individual's average level, three to eight measurements were needed for most other compound/exposure medium combinations because of considerable temporal variability. Measurements in biological fluids and dust were generally more consistent than those in indoor air. The significant covariates in the full models preferentially reduced the between-person variance component. Since the regression models explained only 1-37% of the within-person variance, the questionnaires in this study provided only modest insight into the factors responsible for the temporal variability in the contaminant levels.
BACKGROUND: Protein expression profiling for differences indicative of early cancer has promise for improving diagnostics. This report describes the first stage of a National Cancer Institute/Early Detection Research Network-sponsored multiinstitutional evaluation and validation of this approach for detection of prostate cancer. METHODS: Two sequential experimental phases were conducted to establish interlaboratory calibration and standardization of the surface-enhanced laser desorption (SELDI) instrumental and assay platform output. We first established whether the output from multiple calibrated Protein Biosystem II SELDI-ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (TOF-MS) instruments demonstrated acceptable interlaboratory reproducibility. This was determined by measuring mass accuracy, resolution, signal-to-noise ratio, and normalized intensity of three m/z "peaks" present in a standard pooled serum sample. We next evaluated the ability of the calibrated and standardized instrumentation to accurately differentiate between selected cases of prostate cancer and control by use of an algorithm developed from data derived from a single site 2 years earlier. RESULTS: When the described standard operating procedures were established at all laboratory sites, the across-laboratory measurements revealed a CV for mass accuracy of 0.1%, signal-to-noise ratio of approximately 40%, and normalized intensity of 15-36% for the three pooled serum peaks. This was comparable to the intralaboratory measurements of the same peaks. The instrument systems were then challenged with sera from a selected group of 14 cases and 14 controls. The classification agreement between each site and the established decision algorithm were examined by use of both raw peak intensity boosting and ranked peak intensity boosting. All six sites achieved perfect blinded classification for all samples when boosted alignment of raw intensities was used. Four of six sites achieved perfect blinded classification with ranked intensities, with one site passing the criteria of 26 of 28 correct and one site failing with 19 of 28 correct. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that "between-laboratory" reproducibility of SELDI-TOF-MS serum profiling approaches that of "within-laboratory" reproducibility as determined by measuring discrete m/z peaks over time and across laboratories. 
We investigated the relative validity of an interview-administered FFQ to estimate phytoestrogen intake among South Asian women in the UK. A population-based sample of 108 healthy South Asian women completed random repeated monthly 24-h recalls [with a subsample (n = 58) also providing multiple plasma samples] over a period of 1 y followed by administration of the FFQ. The FFQ produced slightly higher estimates of phytoestrogen intake than the 24-h recalls, but the percentage of women classified into the same +/- 1 quartile by the 2 methods was high for all phytoestrogens (from 81 to 94%) with only a small percentage (<5%) being misclassified into extreme opposite quartiles. Energy-adjusted Spearman correlations coefficients between the estimates obtained by the FFQ and the 24-h recalls were 0.55 for genistein, 0.60 for daidzein, 0.70 for secoisolariciresinol, and 0.63 for matairesinol (all P < 0.001). Spearman correlation coefficients between the FFQ estimates and plasma levels were 0.21 (P = 0.12) for genistein, 0.32 (P = 0.02) for daidzein and 0.10 (P = 0.43) for enterolactone; the corresponding values for the 24-h recalls compared with plasma levels were 0.43 (P < 0.001), 0.40 (P = 0.002), and 0.08 (P = 0.50), respectively. The method of triads was used to estimate the validity coefficients (VCs) between the estimates provided by each assessment method and "true intake." The FFQ had the highest VC for lignans (0.91 vs. 0.73 for 24-h recalls and 0.11 for plasma samples) and satisfactory VCs for both genistein (0.46 vs. 0.95 and 0.45, respectively) and daidzein (0.67 vs. 0.83 and 0.45, respectively). This FFQ is thus a relatively valid tool with which to estimate phytoestrogen intake among South Asian women in the UK.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) are persistent organic pollutants that are resistant to environmental and biological degradation and disperse into various environmental compartments throughout the atmosphere, water, soil, sediments, and food. Many factors, such as age, sex, lifestyle, and metabolism, can explain the distribution of serum levels after humans exposed to PCDD/Fs. The aim of our study was therefore to investigate the PCDD/Fs distribution and profile of the general population in northern Taiwan. All selected subjects were between 18 and 65 years old and proportionally chosen from five age groups based on population distribution of each district or county. Higher serum PCDD/F levels were found in the elder than in the young, and in females than in males. In addition, nonsmokers and passive smokers showed higher levels of PCDD/Fs than active smokers. The serum concentrations of 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF; 1,2,3,7,8-PeCDD; and 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDD in some subjects seemed to increase with their age, which might have been caused by the longer half-lives of these substances. In future studies, more information about food consumption, occupational exposure, open-combustion, and other potential factors needs to be collected to clarify the most important factors affecting the distribution of serum PCDD/Fs in the general population in Taiwan.
Diesters of 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid are a family of industrial compounds called "phthalates." The physical and chemical properties of these diesters, and therefore their potential uses, depend on the structure of the dialkyl or alkyl/aryl side chain. The urinary concentrations of phthalate monoesters, which are metabolites, have been used as biomarkers of human exposure to specific phthalates. However, several phthalates, particularly those with side chains of eight or more carbon atoms, are complex mixtures of isomers. For these, the phthalate metabolites to be used as biomarkers of exposure have not been unequivocally identified. We developed a method for assessing total exposure to phthalates, including the isomeric mixtures of high molecular weight phthalates, by measuring the concentration of phthalic acid (PA) in human urine after acid hydrolysis of the phthalate metabolites to PA. The present method accurately assesses total exposure to phthalates without noticeable contamination from the ubiquitous phthalates in the environment, but it gives no information about the parent phthalate.
OBJECTIVE: Various commonly consumed foods have long been suspected of affecting the serum uric acid level, but few data are available to support or refute this impression. Our objective was to evaluate the relationship between dietary factors and serum uric acid levels in a nationally representative sample of men and women in the US. METHODS: Using data from 14,809 participants (6,932 men and 7,877 women) ages 20 years and older in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (for the years 1988-1994), we examined the relationship between the intake of purine-rich foods, protein, and dairy products and serum levels of uric acid. Diet was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire. We used multivariate linear regression to adjust for age, sex, total energy intake, body mass index, use of diuretics, beta-blockers, allopurinol, and uricosuric agents, self-reported hypertension and gout, serum creatinine level, and intake of alcohol. RESULTS: The serum uric acid level increased with increasing total meat or seafood intake and decreased with increasing dairy intake. After adjusting for age, the differences in uric acid levels between the extreme quintiles of intake were 0.48 mg/dl for total meat (95% confidence interval [95% CI] 0.34, 0.61; P < 0.001 for trend), 0.16 mg/dl for seafood (95% CI 0.06, 0.27; P = 0.005 for trend), and -0.21 mg/dl for total dairy intake (95% CI -0.37, -0.04; P = 0.02 for trend). After adjusting for other covariates, the differences between the extreme quintiles were attenuated but remained significant (P < 0.05 for all comparisons). The total protein intake was not associated with the serum uric acid level in multivariate analyses (P = 0.74 for trend). Those who consumed milk 1 or more times per day had a lower serum uric acid level than did those who did not drink milk (multivariate difference -0.25 [95% CI -0.40, -0.09]; P < 0.001 for trend). Similarly, those who consumed yogurt at least once every other day had a lower serum uric acid level than did those who did not consume yogurt (multivariate difference -0.26 [95% CI -0.41, -0.12]; P < 0.001 for trend). CONCLUSION: These findings from a nationally representative sample of adults in the US suggest that higher levels of meat and seafood consumption are associated with higher serum levels of uric acid but that total protein intake is not. Dairy consumption was inversely associated with the serum uric acid level. 
BACKGROUND: Inner-city, black women are among those groups that are at higher risk for having infants with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders that can include life-long neurobehavioral and cognitive impairments. Chronic alcohol consumption can decrease amounts of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), a fatty acid that is essential for optimal infant neural and retinal development in a variety of tissues. METHODS: Black women who presented at an inner-city antenatal clinic for their first prenatal visit were recruited into a longitudinal, observational study. Alcohol intake was determined by a structured interview. Participants provided blood specimens and completed food frequency surveys at 24 weeks of gestation, infant delivery, and 3 months postpartum. Fatty acid composition analyses were completed on 307, 260, and 243 for plasma and 278, 261, and 242 erythrocyte specimens at 24 weeks of gestation, delivery, and 3 months postpartum, respectively. RESULTS: Proportion of drinking days at the first prenatal visit was associated with decreased DHA in plasma and erythrocytes throughout the study. This association was the strongest at 24 weeks of gestation. In addition, an interaction between proportion of drinking days at the time of conception and ounces of absolute alcohol per drinking day at the time of conception was detected and demonstrated that, in daily drinkers, high intakes of alcohol are associated with decreased DHA and arachidonic acid (AA) concentrations in plasma. CONCLUSIONS: Frequent and high intakes of alcohol that have been previously associated with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders are also associated with decreased maternal DHA and AA plasma concentrations. The present findings indicate that maternal DHA deficiency is associated with high-risk drinking and may contribute to the mechanism(s) of alcohol-related neurodevelopmental disorders. 
C-reactive protein (CRP) has been proposed as an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. In this study we sought to investigate the association between several nutritional and lifestyle factors and serum CRP concentration in a population-based study. We studied 359 individuals (172 women, 187 men; age range 18-75 years) randomly selected from the town hall's registers and assessed their daily dietary intake using a 3-day estimated-food record. The median serum CRP concentration was 1.40 mg/L (range <0.10-47.48 mg/L; geometric mean 1.20 mg/L). We noted significant and independent direct associations between CRP and age, body-mass index, female sex, and serum triglyceride concentration. Bivariate analysis showed a significant inverse association between CRP and many nutrients (e.g., carbohydrates, proteins, lipids, thiamine, pyridoxine, tocopherol, and folate), but multiple-regression analysis indicated that only the effect of dietary folate intake was not dependent on other factors. Differences in folate intake did not produce changes in plasma homocysteine concentration, and we detected no negative correlation between dietary folate intake and log homocysteine (r = .02, P = .711). Strong positive correlations between the intake of folate and numerous other nutrients were found. This population-based study shows that a higher folate intake, in addition to other known constitutive and lifestyle factors, is significantly associated with a lower serum CRP concentration.
Dietary restriction (DR)-induced changes in the serum metabolome may be biomarkers for physiological status (e.g., relative risk of developing age-related diseases such as cancer). Megavariate analysis (unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis [HCA]; principal components analysis [PCA]) of serum metabolites reproducibly distinguish DR from ad libitum fed rats. Component-based approaches (i.e., PCA) consistently perform as well as or better than distance-based metrics (i.e., HCA). We therefore tested the following: (A) Do identified subsets of serum metabolites contain sufficient information to construct mathematical models of class membership (i.e., expert systems)? (B) Do component-based metrics out-perform distance-based metrics? Testing was conducted using KNN (k-nearest neighbors, supervised HCA) and SIMCA (soft independent modeling of class analogy, supervised PCA). Models were built with single cohorts, combined cohorts or mixed samples from previously studied cohorts as training sets. Both algorithms over-fit models based on single cohort training sets. KNN models had >85% accuracy within training/test sets, but were unstable (i.e., values of k could not be accurately set in advance). SIMCA models had 100% accuracy within all training sets, 89 % accuracy in test sets, did not appear to over-fit mixed cohort training sets, and did not require post-hoc modeling adjustments. These data indicate that (i) previously defined metabolites are robust enough to construct classification models (expert systems) with SIMCA that can predict unknowns by dietary category; (ii) component-based analyses outperformed distance-based metrics; (iii) use of over-fitting controls is essential; and (iv) subtle inter-cohort variability may be a critical issue for high data density biomarker studies that lack state markers.
Our research seeks to identify a serum profile, or serotype, that reflects the systemic physiologic modifications resultant from dietary restriction (DR), in part such that this knowledge can be applied for biomarker studies. Direct comparison suggests that component-based classification algorithms consistently out-perform distance-based metrics for studies of nutritional modulation of metabolic serotype, but are subject to over-fitting concerns. Intercohort differences in the sera metabolome could partially obscure the effects of DR. Further analysis now shows that implementation of component-based approaches (also called projection methods) optimized for class separation and controlled for over-fitting have >97% accuracy for distinguishing sera from control or DR rats. DR's effect on the metabolome is shown to be robust across cohorts, but differs in males and females (although some metabolites are affected in both). We demonstrate the utility of projection-based methods for both sample and variable diagnostics, including identification of critical metabolites and samples that are atypical with respect to both class and variable models. Inclusion of non-statistically different variables enhances classification models. Variables that contribute to these models are sharply dependent on mathematical processing techniques; some variables that do not contribute under one paradigm are powerful under alternative mathematical paradigms. In practical terms, this information may find purpose in other endeavors, such as mechanistic studies of DR. Application of these approaches confirms the utility of megavariate data analysis techniques for optimal generation of biomarkers based on nutritional modulation of physiological processes.
BACKGROUND: Sodium intake increases urinary calcium excretion and may thus lead to negative calcium balance and bone loss. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesised that reducing sodium intake would reduce urinary calcium excretion and have a beneficial influence in bone metabolism. DESIGN: A total of 29 subjects, 14 males and 15 females, were divided into two study groups. One group (low-sodium group (LS)) reduced sodium intake for 7 weeks by substituting low-salt alternatives for the most important dietary sources of sodium. The other group, serving as a control group (C), was given the same food items in the form of normally salted alternatives. Fasting serum samples as well as 24-h urine samples were obtained in the beginning and at the end of the study. Urinary sodium, urinary calcium, urinary creatinine, serum calcium, serum phosphate, serum creatinine, serum parathyroid hormone (s-PTH), serum C-terminal telopeptides of Type-I collagen and serum bone alkaline phosphatase (s-B-ALP) were analysed. RESULTS: The LS group showed a significant decline (P = 0.001) in urinary sodium/creatinine ratio without a significant effect on urinary calcium/creatinine ratio. In the LS group, s-PTH increased (P = 0.03). The C group showed an increase in s-PTH (P = 0.05) and in s-B-ALP, but no differences were observed between the study groups in the changes of serum markers of calcium and bone metabolism. CONCLUSIONS: We have shown that reducing the sodium intake of young, healthy people with adequate calcium intake over a 7-week period does not affect the markers of bone metabolism. 
An evaluation of the in vivo antigenotoxic potential of beer components on heterocyclic amines including 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx) and 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido[4.3-b]indole (Trp-P-2) was determined with particular focus on the target organs of tumorigenesis, and the protective mechanisms involved were investigated. Beer-solution, consisting of a freeze-dried and dissolved sample, given as drinking water, reduced the formation of MeIQx-DNA adducts in mouse liver and lungs. Beer-solution added in the diet as a mimic of food additives also significantly reduced the amount of DNA adducts present in the liver, lung, and kidney DNA of mice fed with MeIQx compared to control mice fed with MeIQx in the absence of beer-solution. The amount of adducts present in the liver of mice with single or continuous administration of Trp-P-2 was significantly reduced when beer-solution was given as part of the diet compared to control mice given Trp-P-2 without beer-solution. Protective effects were observed both with lager- and stout-type samples. In an effort to investigate the mechanisms responsible for the observed protective effects, the effects of beer-solution on metabolizing enzymes for heterocyclic amines were examined. Beer-solutions inhibited the metabolic activation of Trp-P-2 to Trp-P-2(NHOH), as demonstrated by HPLC analysis. Considering the overall suppression of the genotoxicity of MeIQx and Trp-P-2 by beer, we have shown that beer components can inhibit the metabolic activation of heterocyclic amines and subsequently suppress the observed genotoxicity. The results of this study show that beer components are protective against the genotoxic effects of heterocyclic amines on target organs associated with tumorigenesis in vivo.
Persistent organochlorine pollutants (POPs) such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (p,p'-DDE), the major metabolite of dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane (DDT), are stable lipophilic compounds widely found in the environment and in the general population. They can enter the food chain, and their negative impact on male reproduction is currently under active scrutiny. To explore the hypothesis that environmental exposure to these compounds is associated with altered sperm chromatin structure integrity in human sperm, we conducted a study of 176 Swedish fishermen (with low and high consumption of fatty fish, a very important exposure source of POPs). We determined serum levels of 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (CB-153) and p,p'-DDE, and we used the sperm chromatin structure assay (SCSA) to assess sperm DNA/chromatin integrity. When CB-153 serum levels (individual dose range, 39-1,460 ng/g lipid) were categorized into equally sized quintiles, we found an association with the DNA fragmentation index (%DFI). A significantly lower %DFI was found in the lowest CB-153 quintile (< 113 ng/g lipid) compared with the other quintiles; there was a similar tendency, although not statistically significant, between %DFI and p,p'-DDE. These results suggest that POP exposure may have a slight negative impact on human sperm chromatin integrity.
1. An experiment was performed to compare the welfare of three broiler breeder genotypes (Label Rouge (LA), experimental dwarf (ER) and standard (SR)) fed on a Control or high Fibre diet. The LA birds were fed ad libitum and the other groups were reared to their recommended body weight targets. A group of standard broiler breeders was also fed a restricted amount of food, but to a lesser degree than SR, to achieve the same proportion of body weight (SE) as ER relative to ad libitum-fed dwarfs based on previous research. LA, ER, SR and SE are referred to as 'groups' in the text. 2. Welfare was assessed by comparing time budgets and heterophil-lymphocyte ratios (HL ratios) at 5, 10 and 15 weeks and immune responses at 15 weeks of age. In addition the weight and water content of the gastrointestinal tract at 4-h intervals at the end of the experiment were studied in LA and SR fed on both diets. 3. Body weights of LA, ER and SR fed on the Fibre diets were depressed and LA ate less of the Fibre than the Control diet. The coefficient of variation of body weight at 15 weeks was 7.9% in LA and similar (10.8 to 11.6%) in the other groups. 4. Drinking, litter-directed behaviour, resting and standing were affected by a group x age interaction with restricted birds showing increased drinking over time and less time spent resting compared to LA. The behaviour of ER birds was similar to SE. 5. HL ratios were within the normal biological range although all restricted-fed birds had an elevated HL ratio at 10 weeks of age relative to week 5 whereas LA birds had a reduced HL ratio at 15 weeks relative to 5 and 10 weeks of age. Immune responses were lower in ER and SE and the highest response was in SR. 6. No effects of diet were identified on behaviour, white blood cell counts or HL ratio. 7. With the exception of the crop, the dry weights of digesta in each section of the gut were similar in LA and SR birds. The results suggest that drinker-directed activity might be a substitute for foraging rather than an attempt to increase gut fill. 8. It is concluded that the replacement of standard with dwarf broiler breeders may improve the welfare of commercial flocks of broiler breeders by decreasing the degree of food restriction resulting in favourable changes in behaviour, for example, reduced 'drinker-directed' behaviour.
The metabolism of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in humans was studied after three doses of 0.35 mg (4.7 microg/kg), 2.15 mg (28.7 microg/kg) and 48.5 mg (650 microg/kg) of D4-ring-labelled DEHP were administered orally to a male volunteer. Two new metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl)phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and mono[2-(carboxymethyl)hexyl]phthalate (2cx-MMHP) were monitored for 44 h in urine and for 8 h in serum for the high-dose case, in addition to the three metabolites previously analysed: mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP) and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP). For the medium- and low-dose cases, 24 h urine samples were analysed. Up to 12 h after the dose, 5OH-MEHP was the major urinary metabolite, after 12 h it was 5cx-MEPP, and after 24 h it was 2cx-MMHP. The elimination half-lives of 5cx-MEHP and 2cx-MMHP were between 15 and 24 h. After 24 h 67.0% (range: 65.8-70.5%) of the DEHP dose was excreted in urine, comprising 5OH-MEHP (23.3%), 5cx-MEPP (18.5%), 5oxo-MEHP (15.0%), MEHP (5.9%) and 2cx-MMHP (4.2%). An additional 3.8% of the DEHP dose was excreted on the second day, comprising 2cx-MMHP (1.6%), 5cx-MEPP (1.2%), 5OH-MEHP (0.6%) and 5oxo-MEHP (0.4%). In total about 75% of the administered DEHP dose was excreted in urine after two days. Therefore, in contrast to previous studies, most of the orally administered DEHP is systemically absorbed and excreted in urine. No dose dependency in metabolism and excretion was observed. The secondary metabolites of DEHP are superior biomonitoring markers compared to any other parameters, such as MEHP in urine or blood. 5OH-MEHP and 5oxo-MEHP in urine reflect short-term and 5cx-MEHP and 2cx-MMHP long-term exposure. All secondary metabolites are unsusceptible to contamination. Furthermore, there are strong hints that the secondary oxidised DEHP metabolites-not DEHP or MEHP-are the ultimate developmental toxicants.
The relative contents of the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 in serum and adipose tissue may be used as biological markers of dairy fat intake. However, the determinants of these fatty acids are not fully understood. This study investigates the relationship between these fatty acids and the intake of macronutrients and physical activity in a cross-sectional study of 301 healthy men aged 61-64 years. Dietary intake was assessed using a pre-coded 7 d food record, and physical activity during the previous year was recorded in an interview. Under-reporters of energy intake were identified by the Goldberg cut-off. Fatty acid composition was determined in serum phospholipids (PL) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (AT) from the upper buttock. The relative content of each of 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 in PL and AT was positively associated with the intake of dairy fat. In addition, all three fatty acids were inversely correlated with alcohol intake, R ranging from -0.28 to -0.53 (P<0.001). The results were not markedly affected when under-reporters (n 88) were excluded from the analyses. In both PL and AT, the relative content of the fatty acids was approximately 5% higher in a group of high physical activity compared with a group of low physical activity, although significant trends were only seen for 14 : 0 in PL and 17 : 0 in AT. The findings suggest that adjustments should be made for alcohol intake when the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 are applied as markers for dairy fat intake.
Thyroid hormones (THs) are important for brain development, and polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) accumulation in humans is a serious problem because PCBs may affect TH functions. To determine the effects of hydroxylated metabolites of PCBs (OH-PCBs) on brain development, we performed mouse cerebellar culture assays. 4-OH-2',3,3',4',5'-pentachlorobiphenyl and 4-OH-2',3,3',4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl significantly inhibited the TH-dependent extension of Purkinje cell dendrites even at 5 x 10(-11) M and 5 x 10(-12) M, respectively. OH-PCBs may disturb TH-dependent brain development.
To investigate the association between an individual's ability to recognize his/her energy intake and energy expenditure with the status of diabetes mellitus (DM) control, we conducted a cross-sectional study using data from 62 outpatients with type 2 DM (46 men and 16 women), aged 33-77 years, from two hospitals in Tokyo in 1999. A dietitian-interviewer asked the patients to estimate their probable energy intake and expenditure in recent days (self-estimated energy intake and expenditure, respectively). Subsequently, a dietary survey was conducted to estimate the patient's energy intake by a self-recorded method with a dietitian's interview for three continuous business days; the physical exercise levels were measured using a pedometer with multiple-memory accelerometers for one week. The percentage of subjects whose self-estimated energy intake was within +/-10% of the dietary survey-based energy intake became significantly lower as the control status worsened (35.6, 12.9, and 11.1% in the first, second, and third tertile groups of HbA(1c), respectively; P = 0.015). Similar but non-significant results were observed for the energy expenditure (P = 0.35). Since the control status of DM was worse among patients who could not recognize their amount of caloric intake and expenditure, a training program to improve such recognition ability may be needed.
Proteomic profiling of serum initially appeared to be dramatically effective for diagnosis of early-stage ovarian cancer, but these results have proven difficult to reproduce. A recent publication reported good classification in one dataset using results from training on a much earlier dataset, but the authors have since reported that they did not perform the analysis as described. We examined the reproducibility of the proteomic patterns across datasets in more detail. Our analysis reveals that the pattern that enabled successful classification is biologically implausible and that the method, properly applied, does not classify the data accurately. We show that the method used in previously published studies does not establish reproducibility and performs no better than chance for classifying the second dataset, in part because the second dataset is easy to classify correctly. We conclude that the reproducibility of the proteomic profiling approach has yet to be established.
OBJECTIVES: We sought to evaluate intraindividually 3 different preparation protocols for achieving improved opacification and anatomic depiction of the upper urinary tract in multisclice computed tomography urography (MSCTU) using a porcine model. MATERIAL AND METHODS: MSCTU was performed in 8 healthy pigs. Each animal underwent 3 MSCT urographies using 3 different preparations before the injection of contrast material: A, intravenous (iv) saline (250 mL); B, iv low-dose furosemide (0.1 mg/kg); and C, iv saline (250 mL) plus iv low-dose furosemide (0.1 mg/kg). Image analysis was performed blinded to the applied protocols and included the evaluation of the opacification and anatomic depiction of the upper urinary tract by means of graded scales. Ureteral distension was determined and density was measured within the collecting system. RESULTS: Furosemide significantly improved both mean opacification scores and mean scores of anatomic depiction compared with the exclusive infusion of saline for MSCTU. There was no significant difference between the application of furosemide and the combination of furosemide plus saline. A significant increase of 25-26% for ureteral distension was found when furosemide was applied. Significant lower mean attenuation values (Hounsfield units) and standard deviation were found within the opacified urine for diuretic-enhanced MSCTU. CONCLUSIONS: Low-dose furosemide injection is superior to saline infusion for achieving optimal enhancement in MSCTU. It is not necessary to combine furosemide and saline infusion. In MSCTU, low-dose furosemide is a simple add-on simplifying image acquisition timing and removing the need for abdominal compression devices. 
The variability in DNA repair capacity of the general population may depend in part upon common variants in DNA repair genes. X-ray repair cross complementing group 1 (XRCC1) is an important DNA base excision repair gene and exhibits polymorphic variation. Using the Long Island Breast Cancer Study Project, a population-based case-control study, we evaluated the hypothesis that two common single nucleotide polymorphisms of XRCC1 (codon 194 Arg-->Trp and 399 Arg-->Gln) influence breast cancer susceptibility and interact with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, and intake of fruits and vegetables and antioxidants. The available sample for genotyping included 1,067 cases and 1,110 controls. Genotyping was done by a high-throughput single-nucleotide extension assay with fluorescence polarization detection of the incorporated nucleotide. We observed no significant increases in risk among all subjects who were carriers of XRCC1 194Trp or 399Gln alleles. Among never smokers, we observed an increased risk of breast cancer in 399Gln carriers [odds ratio (OR), 1.3; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.0-1.7). Further analysis indicated a suggestive weak additive interaction between the 399Gln allele and detectable PAH-DNA adducts (OR for exposure with mutant genotype, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.2-3.1). The estimated age-adjusted interaction contrast ratio (ICR) and 95% CI (ICR, 0.38; 95% CI, -0.32 to 1.10) indicated that the departure from additivity was not statistically significant, but that there was some suggestion of a relative excess risk due to the interaction. In subjects with at least one copy of XRCC1 194Trp allele, there was a moderate interaction with high intake of fruits and vegetables (>/=35 half-cup servings per week of any fruits, fruit juices, and vegetables, OR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.38-0.89; ICR, -0.49; 95% CI, -0.03 to -0.95), and dietary plus supplement antioxidant intake with 33% to 42% decreases in breast cancer risk compared with those with the Arg194Arg genotype and low-intake individuals. These results do not show that the two genetic polymorphisms of XRCC1 independently influence breast cancer risk. However, there is evidence for interactions between the two XRCC1 single nucleotide polymorphisms and PAH-DNA adducts or fruit and vegetable and antioxidant intake on breast cancer risk. Further understanding of the biological function of XRCC1 variants and their interactions with PAH-DNA adducts, antioxidants, and other genes in the pathway are needed.
Trans fatty acid intake has been associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. The relation is explained only partially by the adverse effect of these fatty acids on the lipid profile. We examined whether trans fatty acid intake could also affect biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction including C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (sTNFR-2), E-selectin, and soluble cell adhesion molecules (sICAM-1 and sVCAM-1). We conducted a cross-sectional study of 730 women from the Nurses' Health Study I cohort, aged 43-69 y, free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes at time of blood draw (1989-1990). Dietary intake was assessed by a validated FFQ in 1986 and 1990. CRP levels were 73% higher among those in the highest quintile of trans fat intake, compared with the lowest quintile. IL-6 levels were 17% higher, sTNFR-2 5%, E-selectin 20%, sICAM-1 10%, and sVCAM-1 levels 10% higher. Trans fatty acid intake was positively related to plasma concentration of CRP (P = 0.009), sTNFR-2 (P = 0.002), E-selectin (P = 0.003), sICAM-1 (P = 0.007), and sVCAM-1 (P = 0.001) in linear regression models after controlling for age, BMI, physical activity, smoking status, alcohol consumption, intake of monounsaturated, polyunsaturated, and saturated fatty acids, and postmenopausal hormone therapy. In conclusion, this study suggests that higher intake of trans fatty acids could adversely affect endothelial function, which might partially explain why the positive relation between trans fat and cardiovascular risk is greater than one would predict based solely on its adverse effects on lipids.
Cytochrome P-450 1A2 (CYP1A2) is an enzyme involved in the metabolic activation of some carcinogens and is believed to be induced by xenobiotics. Very few studies, however, have investigated the association between environmental exposures and in vivo CYP1A2 activity in humans. To address this issue, a study was conducted of CYP1A2 activity among Native Americans exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) from the consumption of fish from the St. Lawrence River. At the Mohawk Nation at Akwesasne (in New York and in Ontario and Quebec, Canada), 103 adults were interviewed, and they donated blood for serum PCB analysis and underwent the caffeine breath test (CBT), a safe and noninvasive procedure that uses caffeine as a probe for CYP1A2 activity in vivo. The results supported the findings of other studies that CBT values are higher among smokers and men and lower among women who use oral contraceptives. Despite a relatively low average total PCB body burden in this population, the sum of serum levels for nine mono- or di-ortho-substituted PCB congeners showed positive associations with CBT values (p = 0.052 wet weight and p = 0.029 lipid adjusted), as did toxic equivalent quantities (TEQs; p = 0.091 for wet weight and 0.048 for lipid adjusted). Regarding individual congeners, serum levels of PCB-153, PCB-170, and PCB-180 were significantly correlated with CBT values. The results support the notion that CYP1A2 activity may be a marker of an early biological effect of exposure to PCBs in humans and that the CBT may be a useful tool to monitor such effects.
A study was conducted to evaluate the mineral content of pork tissue with particular emphasis on Se between various states (regions) having different diet (grain) indigenous Se concentrations. The study involved 19 states in the north, central, and southern regions of the United States, with committee members of NCR-42 and S-1012 (formerly S-288). A total of 62 pigs were used, with collaborators sending 100-g samples each of loin, heart, and liver, and a 3- to 4-g sample of hair (collected along the topline) from two to five market-weight pigs to a common laboratory for analysis. Diets at each station were formulated with locally purchased soybean meal and grain that was either grown or normally fed to pigs within their state. Tissues were analyzed for Se, but only the loin was analyzed for the macro- and micromineral elements. Correlation of dietary minerals to the tissue element was determined. The results demonstrated differences in tissue Se among states (P < 0.01), with high correlations of dietary Se to loin (r = 0.84; P < 0.01), heart (r = 0.84; P < 0.01), liver (r = 0.83; P < 0.01), and hair Se (r = 0.90; P < 0.01) concentrations. The correlation of hair Se to the Se concentration of loin, heart, and liver tissues was high (r > 0.90; P < 0.01). States in the west-central region of the United States and west of the Mississippi river had higher dietary Se and tissue Se concentrations than states in the eastern section of the Corn Belt, east of the Mississippi river, and along the East Coast. Generally, states did not differ greatly in their loin macro- and micromineral concentrations. The simple correlation of dietary minerals to their corresponding loin mineral concentration was generally non-significant, but most macrominerals had decreasing mineral concentrations when the dietary mineral level was higher. These results indicate that regional differences in tissue Se were influenced more by the indigenous Se content of the diet (grain) fed to the pigs than from sodium selenite.
BACKGROUND: Dietary factors and very-long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) may influence the atherothrombotic process. Elevated concentrations of circulating cell adhesion molecules, thrombomodulin (TM), von Willebrand factor (vWF), and tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen (tPAag) are related to atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: The randomized Diet and Omega-3 Intervention Trial (DOIT) targeted a comparison of the effect of 3-y dietary counseling, n-3 PUFA supplementation (2.4 g/d), or both on circulating markers of endothelial activation. DESIGN: The study included 563 elderly men with long-standing hyperlipidemia. The men were randomly assigned by factorial design into 4 groups: control (no dietary counseling and placebo capsules), dietary counseling (and placebo capsules), n-3 PUFA supplementation (no dietary counseling), and dietary counseling and n-3 PUFA supplementation. RESULTS: Serum concentrations of fatty acids reflected good compliance. Dietary counseling was followed by significantly reduced concentrations of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1; P < 0.001), sTM (P = 0.004), and tPAag (P < 0.001) than in subjects without dietary counseling. After n-3 PUFA supplementation, significantly reduced concentrations of sICAM-1 (P < 0.001) and sTM (P = 0.006) were observed when compared with subjects receiving placebo capsules. An increase in tPAag was not significantly different from that observed in subjects receiving placebo capsules. For sICAM-1, a significant effect was observed for both interventions combined. CONCLUSIONS: Each intervention (dietary counseling or n-3 PUFA supplements) reduced sTM and sICAM-1 concentrations, indicating decreased endothelial activation. The tPAag increase in the groups not receiving dietary counseling (pooled), which indicates progression of atherosclerosis, was significantly counteracted by dietary counseling. 
The Heart Failure Survival Score (HFSS) and peak exercise oxygen consumption (VO2) accurately assess mortality in ambulatory patients who have advanced heart failure and are referred for initial cardiac transplant evaluation. We investigated the prognostic value of the HFSS and peak VO2 when applied serially to these patients. This study included 227 adults (mean age +/- SD 52 +/- 10 years old) who presented for reevaluation >60 days after initial evaluation (352 +/- 238 days). The HFSS was determined from mean arterial blood pressure, heart rate, left ventricular ejection fraction, serum sodium, peak VO2, heart failure etiology, and width of QRS complex. Survival without reevaluation, United Network of Organ Sharing 1 transplant, or left ventricular assist device was determined by the Kaplan-Meier method with censoring at United Network of Organ Sharing 2 transplant. Survival differed by HFSS stratum (p <0.001) and by peak VO2 stratum (p <0.001). Patients whose HFSS or peak VO2 deteriorated from low risk to medium or high risk had lower survival rates than did patients whose values remained at low risk (p <0.01 and p <0.001, respectively). Patients who started at medium or high risk and improved to low risk tended to have higher survival rates than those who remained medium or high risk (p = 0.06 and p <0.16, respectively). Patients who improved to low risk had a 1-year survival rate of 72% for HFSS and peak VO2. However, patients who improved to low risk and were treated with beta blockers had a 1-year survival rate (89% for HFSS and 83% for peak VO2) comparable to that after transplant (84%). Peak VO2 and the HFSS can be successfully used for serial evaluation of mortality risk in ambulatory patients who have advanced heart failure.
The increased sphinganine/sphingosine (SA/SO) ratio has previously been shown as a biomarker of fumonisin exposure in experimental animals and has been proposed as a tool to assess human exposure to fumonisin mainly occurring through the dietary consumption of fumonisin contaminated maize-based foods. Sphinganine and sphingosine were measured in urines of humans resident in two areas of North Argentina and South Brazil with high maize consumption and compared with urine samples collected in areas with very low or no maize consumption, such as Central Argentina and Southern Italy. The pattern of SA/SO values in the two groups with no maize consumption (assumed as controls) was similar, with all SA/SO values lower than one. Mean SA/SO ratio was 1.27 in urine of subjects with high maize consumption (n = 123) and 0.36 in controls (n = 66) and the difference was statistically significant (p<0.001). The mean fumonisin level in maize samples collected in North Argentina and South Brazil was 0.35 mg kg(-1) (n = 40). Although a similar maize and fumonisin intake was recorded for the two groups of populations, the mean SA/SO ratio in South Brazil (1.57) was significantly higher (p<0.05) than that of North Argentina (0.69). These data suggest that the higher SA/SO values observed in South Brazil cannot be associated with high fumonisin exposure and further studies are necessary to provide convincing evidence for using the SA/SO ratio as a biomarker of human fumonisin exposure.
In 1998-2000, concentrations of summed polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in the exhaust gas of an infectious waste incineration plant were 17-510 ng toxic equivalents (TEQ)/m(3), which reached levels above the Japanese legal limit value of 80 ng TEQ/m(3). The incinerator ceased operation in November 2000. This study was aimed at determining whether the incinerator workers were exposed to high levels of PCDDs and PCDFs. Blood samples of five workers were collected at 1 month and 16 months after the end of the occupational dioxin exposure. For comparison, blood samples were also collected from control subjects. Ash remaining in the incinerator and dust deposited around the conveyer and incinerator areas were collected; TEQ values were 44 and 10 ng TEQ/g, respectively. A month after the end of occupational dioxin exposure, mean TEQ for the workers was 49.1 pg TEQ/g lipid, which was 2.7 times as high as that for the controls. At 16 months, the mean TEQ for the workers decreased to 29.4 pg TEQ/g lipid, which was 1.6 times that for the controls. Ratios of serum level of each congener of PCDDs and PCDFs between 1 and 16 months after exposure were 0.44 to 0.69. This study showed that the serum dioxin levels for the infectious waste incinerator workers were higher than the controls, and the serum dioxin level decreased after the end of the occupational dioxin exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), of which benzo[a]pyrene is a representative member, are combustion-related environmental pollutants and include known carcinogens. Laboratory animal studies indicate that the dose of PAHs to the fetus is on the order of a 10th that to the mother and that there is heightened susceptibility to PAH-induced carcinogenesis during the fetal and infancy periods. Carcinogen-DNA adducts, a measure of procarcinogenic genetic damage, are considered a biomarker of increased cancer risk. Here we compare the levels of benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts as a proxy for PAH-DNA damage measured in maternal blood and newborn cord blood obtained at delivery in four different populations of mothers (total of 867) and newborns (total of 822), representing a 30-fold range of exposure to ambient PAHs. The populations include residents in Northern Manhattan, participants in a study of the effects of the World Trade Center disaster, residents in Krakow, Poland, and residents in Tongliang, China. Mean adduct concentrations in both maternal and cord blood and the proportion of samples with detectable adducts, increased across the populations [Northern Manhattan < World Trade Center (WTC) < Krakow < Tongliang], consistent with the trend in estimated ambient exposure to PAHs (P < 0.001). For mothers, the means in the respective populations were Northern Manhattan (0.21 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides), WTC (0.23 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides), Krakow (0.28 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides), Tongliang (0.31 adducts per 10(8) nucleotides); the corresponding means in the newborns were Northern Manhattan (0.23), WTC (0.24), Krakow (0.29), Tongliang (0.31). The percentage of mothers with detectable levels of adducts in the respective populations were Northern Manhattan (36.8%), WTC (57.5%), Krakow (72.9%), Tongliang (73.4%); the corresponding percentages among the newborns were Northern Manhattan (42.4%), WTC (60.6%), Krakow (71.1%), Tongliang (79.5%). Despite the estimated 10-fold lower PAH dose to the fetus based on laboratory animal experiments, the adduct levels in the newborns were similar to or higher than in the mothers. This study suggests that the fetus may be 10-fold more susceptible to DNA damage than the mother and that in utero exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons may disproportionately increase carcinogenic risk. The data support preventive policies to limit PAH exposure to pregnant women and children.
Dichloroacetic acid (DCA) is a compound found in chlorinated drinking water. In addition, the compound is a metabolite of several halogenated solvents, including trichloroethylene (TCE) and perchloroethylene (PCE). Exposure to DCA is of concern because high doses of the compound have been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals. Dosages of TCE administered to animals in cancer studies are designed to elicit maximal DCA formation in vivo, whereas levels of DCA to which individuals are exposed in drinking water are very low. Analysis of DCA in biological samples has been quite challenging. Derivatizing reagents commonly used to convert DCA into a more volatile form for analysis by gas chromatography (GC) have been found to convert trichloroacetic acid (TCA), a major metabolite of TCE and PCE, into DCA. High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis does not require derivatization of DCA and can thus avoid this problem. However, the most popular stationary phases in HPLC columns do not retain small, polar compounds such as DCA well. The liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) method described in this paper uses hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography (HILIC), a type of chromatography that is able to retain these small, polar compounds. Method validation was performed using the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) and International Conference on Harmonziation (ICH) Guidance for Industry: Bioanalytical Method Validation as a guide. Levels of DCA found in rats dosed with 2 g/kg TCE were 17.2 ng/mL (liver), 262.4 ng/mL (kidney), 175.1 ng/mL (lung), and 39.5 ng/mL (blood).
Protonation of the epoxides, diol epoxides, and dihydrodiols of benzo[h]quinoline (BhQ), benzo[f]quinoline (BfQ), phenanthrene (Phe), benzo[c]phenanthridine (BcPhen), and chrysene (Chry) were studied by DFT at the B3LYP/6-31G* level, and selected cases were calculated with the 6-31+G* diffuse-function augmented basis set for comparison purposes. Bay-region carbocations were formed from O-protonated epoxides via a barrierless processes. Relative carbocation stabilities were determined in the gas phase and with water as solvent (PCM method). The presence of a heteroatom changes the regioselectivity of epoxide ring opening, in some cases favoring non-bay-region carbocations. The epoxide ring opening mode is also greatly influenced by N-protonation. The dications resulting from initial N-protonation followed by epoxide protonation were also studied by DFT. Charge delocalization modes in the resulting mono- and dications were derived by GIAO-NMR (based on Delta delta13C values) and via the NPA-derived changes in charges. Relative aromaticity in different rings in the arenium ions was gauged by NICS. In representative cases, the covalent adducts (syn and anti) formed by reaction of the benzylic carbocations derived from diol epoxides and dihydrodiols with methoxide and methanethiolate anions were studied. Relative energies (in the gas phase and with water as solvent) and geometries of the adducts formed by quenching of the carbocations derived from BhQ and Phe-epoxides with guanine via the exocyclic amino group and via the N-7 were also investigated computationally. Although aqueous phase calculations change the energy for the addition reactions because of greater stabilization of the reactants, relative reactivity trends remain the same. The data are discussed, taking into account the available experimental results concerning the biological activity of these compounds.
The aim of this work was to investigate the association between homocysteine levels and coffee consumption in a sample of cardiovascular disease-free men and women. From May 2001 to December 2002, we randomly enrolled 1514 men and 1528 women, stratified by age and gender, from the greater area of Athens. Blood samples were collected in the fasting state. Among other investigated factors, dietary habits (including coffee consumption in ml per day, adjusted for 28% caffeine containment) were evaluated using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Men consumed higher quantities of coffee compared with women (250 +/- 55 vs 150 +/- 60 ml/day, P = 0.001), while homocysteine values were also higher in men than in women (14.5 +/- 6 vs 10.8 +/- 3.5 micromol/l, P = 0.001). A dose-response relationship of homocysteine levels with coffee consumption was observed (r = 0.10, P = 0.034). In particular, we found that homocysteine levels were 11.2 +/- 5 micromol/l for no consumption, 11.7 +/- 7 micromol/l for <100 ml/day, 12.5 +/- 7 micromol/l for 200-400 ml/day, and 12.7 +/- 4 micromol/l for >500 ml/day consumption (P = 0.018). The observed trend remained significant even after controlling for the interactions between coffee consumption with gender, smoking habits, physical activity status, and eating habits. However, the sole effect of the consumption of filtered coffee on homocysteine levels was significant only in those who consumed more than 500 ml/day (P = 0.043). Although our findings cannot be evidence for causality, they can be the basis for hypotheses about the relation between homocysteine and coffee that can partially explain the mechanisms by which elevated homocysteine levels may influence coronary risk.
In 1979, about 2000 people in central Taiwan were intoxicated via rice oil consumption that was contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). This "Yu-cheng" incident was one of the two known major human PCB intoxication episodes. Twenty years after the intoxication, serum samples of 435 Yu-cheng victims, 414 adults and 21 children, were collected. Sixteen PCB congeners were analyzed with a gas chromatograph-electron capture detector. We found the median concentration of total PCBs in the adult serum was 1500 ng/g lipid, still substantially higher than that of the general population in Taiwan (3.7-fold) and most seafood consumers in the world. Most of analyzed PCB congeners in children were below or around the detection limits. Congener #138, however, had the highest concentrations, approximately accounting for 55% and 29% in the child and adult groups, respectively. Given that PCBs are persistent organic pollutants and endocrine disruptors, the concentrations and congener-specific profiles regarding the Yu-cheng victims provide valuable information for the investigation of such chemicals in humans.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate intraindividual total and percent free serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in prostate cancer suspects and to understand the clinical implications. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Total and percent free PSA were measured using Tandem-R or chemiluminescent enzyme-linked immunoassay for a median of three times in 126 men. Prostate biopsies were performed in all patients; benign prostatic hyperplasia was diagnosed in 81 patients and prostate cancer in 45 patients. RESULTS: The overall mean coefficients of variation for total and percent free PSA were 16.10 +/- 11.94% and 15.45 +/- 15.91%, respectively. A significant correlation (p = 0.0056) was observed between the two variations. The variations in total and percent free PSA were related to none of such stratifications as baseline total PSA level, histology, age, or measurement interval, but for measurement interval on that for total PSA. CONCLUSION: Intraindividual variation in serum PSA should be considered in decision-making about performing prostate biopsies. Also, care should be taken in interpreting repeated percent free PSA measurements in order to enhance the specificity of total PSA, because it had a similar variation to total PSA variation. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the reliability of plasma electrophoresis (EPH) in psittacine birds. ANIMALS: 93 psittacine birds. PROCEDURE: Jugular venipuncture was performed on 93 awake psittacine birds. The plasma was centrifuged, separated, aliquoted into duplicate samples, frozen, and sent to 2 commercial laboratories that routinely perform avian EPH. Samples from 51 birds were sent to laboratory A, and samples from 42 birds were sent to laboratory B. The reliability of EPH results within each laboratory was assessed, but not between laboratories. To determine the reliability (agreement between duplicate samples) of total protein, albumin, prealbumin, alpha1-, alpha2-, beta-, and gamma-globulin concentrations, the intraclass correlation coefficient (r(i)) was calculated. RESULTS: Both laboratories had excellent agreement between samples for measurement of total protein concentration and only good agreement for albumin concentration. Except for the prealbumin concentration measured at laboratory B, both laboratories had poor agreement for all other values of the EPH. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: These data indicate that plasma EPH for measuring prealbumin, alpha1-, alpha2-, beta-, and gamma-globulin concentrations may not be a reliable tool for assessing avian health. Small amounts of these proteins in birds plus human variation in reading the EPH curves may lead to variable results. Avian veterinarians should cautiously interpret results from plasma EPH assays for these protein fractions. 
The detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts in human lymphocytes may be useful as a surrogate end point for individual cancer risk prediction. In this study, we examined the relationship between environmental sources of residential PAH, as well as other potential factors that may confound their association with cancer risk, and the detection of PAH-DNA adducts in a large population-based sample of adult women. Adult female residents of Long Island, New York, aged at least 20 years were identified from the general population between August 1996 and July 1997. Among 1556 women who completed a structured questionnaire, 941 donated sufficient blood (25+ ml) to allow use of a competitive ELISA for measurement of PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral blood mononuclear cells. Ambient PAH exposure at the current residence was estimated using geographic modeling (n=796). Environmental home samples of dust (n=356) and soil (n=360) were collected on a random subset of long-term residents (15+ years). Multivariable regression was conducted to obtain the best-fitting predictive models. Three separate models were constructed based on data from : (A) the questionnaire, including a dietary history; (B) environmental home samples; and (C) geographic modeling. Women who donated blood in summer and fall had increased odds of detectable PAH-DNA adducts (OR=2.65, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.69, 4.17; OR=1.59, 95% CI=1.08, 2.32, respectively), as did current and past smokers (OR=1.50, 95% CI=1.00, 2.24; OR=1.46, 95% CI=1.05, 2.02, respectively). There were inconsistent associations between detectable PAH-DNA adducts and other known sources of residential PAH, such as grilled and smoked foods, or a summary measure of total dietary benzo-[a]-pyrene (BaP) intake during the year prior to the interview. Detectable PAH-DNA adducts were inversely associated with increased BaP levels in dust in the home, but positively associated with BaP levels in soil outside of the home, although CIs were wide. Ambient BaP estimates from the geographic model were not associated with detectable PAH-DNA adducts. These data suggest that PAH-DNA adducts detected in a population-based sample of adult women with ambient exposure levels reflect some key residential PAH exposure sources assessed in this study, such as cigarette smoking.
A method for the determination of volatile chlorinated hydrocarbons, namely dichloromethane (DCM), trichloroethylene (TCE), and perchloroethylene (PCE), in urine samples was developed using headspace solid phase microextraction (HS-SPME) gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). HS-SPME was performed using a 75 microm Carboxen-polydimethylsiloxane fiber. Factors, which affect the HS-SPME process, such as adsorption and desorption times, stirring, salting-out effect, and temperature of sampling have been evaluated and optimized. The highest extraction efficiency was obtained when sampling was performed at room temperature (22 degrees C), from samples saturated with salt and under agitation. Linearity of the HS-SPME-GC-MS method was established over four orders of magnitude and the limit of detection was 0.005 microg/l for all the compounds. Precision, calculated as %R.S.D. at three different concentration levels, was within 1-8% for all intra- and inter-day determinations. The method was applied to the quantitative determination of TCE and PCE in human urine samples from exposed (TCE, n=5; median, 9.32 microg/l and PCE, n=39; median, 0.58 microg/l) and non-exposed individuals (n=120; median concentrations, 0.64, 0.22 and 0.11 microg/l for DCM, TCE and PCE, respectively. In addition, two cases of acute accidental exposure to DCM are reported, and the elimination kinetics in blood and urine was followed up. The calculated half-lives of urinary and blood DCM were, respectively, 7.5 and 8.1 h for one subject and 3.8 and 4.3 h for the other.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Dietary supplementation with conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) has a fat-reducing effect in various species, but induces severe hyperinsulinaemia and hepatic steatosis in the mouse. This study aimed to determine the causes of the deleterious effects of CLA on insulin homeostasis. METHODS: The chronology of adipose and liver weight, hepatic triglyceride accumulation and selected blood parameters, including lipids, insulin, leptin and adiponectin, was determined in C57BL/6J female mice fed a 1% isomeric mixture of CLA for various periods of time ranging from 2 to 28 days. Insulin secretion was measured in 1-h static incubations of pancreatic islets, and pancreas morphometric parameters were determined in mice fed CLA for 28 days. RESULTS: Plasma levels of leptin and adiponectin sharply decreased after 2 days of CLA feeding, although adipose tissue mass only decreased after day 6. Hyperinsulinaemia developed at day 6 and consistently worsened up to day 28, in parallel with increases in hepatic lipid content. Islets from CLA-fed mice displayed three- to four-fold increased rates of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, both in the absence and presence of isobutyl methylxanthine or carbachol. The increased insulin-releasing capacity of islets from CLA-fed mice was explained by an increase in beta cell mass and number. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The data suggest that CLA supplementation induces a profound reduction of leptinaemia and adiponectinaemia, followed by hyperinsulinaemia due to the increased secretory capacity of pancreatic islets, leading, in turn, to liver steatosis. These observations cast doubt on the safety of dietary supplements containing CLA. 
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Vitamin B6 as cofactor of Delta6 desaturase is involved in polyunsaturated fatty acid metabolism; moreover, it is a cofactor of the trans-sulfuration pathway of homocysteine. Some studies report that low concentrations of pyridoxine, by increasing homocysteine levels, are associated with coronary artery disease, and carotid and arterial lesions. The aim of this study was to verify whether different dietary amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids associated with low content of vitamin B6 could modulate homocysteinemia. METHODS AND RESULTS: Thirty-two rats were divided into two groups, one fed a diet with adequate vitamin B6 content the other a diet containing low amount of the same vitamin. Within each group, rats were divided into two subgroups differing in the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of the diet (63 and 33%, respectively). The vitamin B6-deficient diet induced an increase in homocysteine concentration compared to the vitamin B6-normal diet. This increase was tenfold in the subgroup fed high polyunsaturated fatty acid levels and twofold in the other subgroup. The fatty acid composition of liver phospholipids showed a lower arachidonic acid relative molar content and a lower 20:4/18:2 ratio in vitamin B6-deficient groups compared with B6-normal groups. CONCLUSIONS: On the basis of the different biological functions of pyridoxine and considering that some factors closely related to atherosclerosis are vitamin B(6) dependent, adequate pyridoxine availability could be necessary to assure a normal long chain fatty acid metabolism and to reduce the risk linked to hyperhomocysteinemia. 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the PCDD/Fs patterns in ambient air based on data information emitted from incinerator generated from ambient air measurements and those in serum. Four circular zones, namely A, B, C, and D, were identified based on simulated ambient annual average PCDD/Fs concentrations, from a selected municipal waste incinerator. Sixteen ambient samples were taken from the 4 circular zones across 4-seasons. Eighty-nine volunteers were recruited according to the demographic distribution within each zone. PCDD/Fs profiles were documented both for air and serum samples collected. Comparing to the congener patterns from ambient air and serum samples, we found that OCDD, OCDF, 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDD, and 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-HpCDF were the predominant groups among 17 congeners from both the ambient air and serum sample. And, factor analysis showed the distribution patterns of PCDD/Fs from ambient air and serum samples are almost identical across different zones, except for congener patterns of serum samples from residents in zone C. In addition, the average PCDD/Fs level significantly reduced for about 10 folds than those of the other three seasons when the incinerator was shut down in one of sampling periods. We might conclude that ambient air exposure was the most important contributor to PCDD/Fs levels in ambient air but not the single in serum. Therefore, another or more powerful source, such as occupational exposure, dietary intake or the consumption of local food, should be further investigated at the same time.
PURPOSE: New magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) methods can provide high spatial resolution images of the coronary artery wall, and statistically significant differences in coronary vessel wall thickness between atherosclerotic disease patients and control subjects have been shown. The aim of this study is to assess inter-study reproducibility (i.e., repeatability) of the cross-sectional 2D coronary vessel wall MRI using a black-blood technique. METHODS AND RESULTS: Twelve healthy adult subjects were studied with the use of a commercial 1.5 T CMR system. A double inversion recovery fast spin-echo (FSE) sequence (black blood) was used. Each subject was scanned twice on different days. The mean RCA lumen area difference between study 1 and study 2 was 0.004 mm2, and the coefficient of repeatability (COR) was +/- 0.06 mm2. The mean RCA wall thickness difference between study 1 and study 2 was 0.02 mm, and the COR was +/-0.39 mm. CONCLUSION: Cross-sectional coronary vessel wall imaging with 2D double-IR FSE is highly reproducible for serial evaluation of coronary vessel walls and atherosclerotic coronary artery disease. 
BACKGROUND: The heat shock proteins (HSPs) are protein chaperones. Higher titers of antibody to HSPs (anti-HSPs) have been reported in atherosclerosis, which may contribute to immunoactivation in this process. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether dietary antioxidants and fat intake are associated with changes in anti-HSP titers in dyslipidemic subjects. DESIGN: Patients (n = 238) were recruited from hospital lipid clinics. Control subjects (n = 188) were recruited from university and hospital employees. Food-frequency questionnaires were used to estimate dietary antioxidants and fat. RESULTS: Dyslipidemic patients had significantly higher titers of anti-HSPs than did control subjects; expressed in medians and interquartile ranges of absorbance units, anti-HSP-60 titers were 0.27 (0.18-0.37) and 0.22 (0.16-0.30), anti-HSP-65 titers were 0.45 (0.28-0.79) and 0.31 (0.22-0.50), and anti-HSP-70 titers were 0.22 (0.17-0.30) and 0.19 (0.13-0.27), respectively. Median and interquartile ranges of serum concentrations of C-reactive protein [1.25 (0.42-3.26) and 0.58 (0.17-1.42)] and mean (+/-SEM) concentrations of vitamin E (16.36 +/- 0.31 and 14.08 +/- 0.38) were also significantly higher in patients than in control subjects, respectively. In dyslipidemic patients, the major dietary predictors of the variability in anti-HSP-60 titers were vitamin C (P = 0.005), vitamin E (P = 0.04), and total fat (P = 0.009) intakes; for anti-HSP-65 titers, vitamin C was the major predictor (P = 0.002). These findings remained significant after adjustment for confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: Anti-HSP-60, -65, and -70 titers are significantly higher in dyslipidemic patients with or without established coronary disease. Our data indicate an association between dietary constituents and the immune response to HSPs in dyslipidemic subjects. 
BACKGROUND: Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and related compounds such as polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and polychlorinated dibenzo-dioxins (PCDDs) alter sexual maturation and endocrine function in animals. In 1978-1979, a mass poisoning occurred in central Taiwan from cooking oil contaminated by heat-degraded PCBs and oxidated compounds PCDFs. We tested the hypothesis that in utero exposed to PCBs/PCDFs alter sexual maturation, endocrine, and reproductive function in the human pubescent females. METHODS: In 1997-1999, girls aged 13-19 years, born to mothers exposed to PCBs/PCDFs, was invited to participate in the study. Menstruation characteristic was recorded daily for 84 days and serum levels of estradiol, LH, FSH, and testosterone were measured on the 3rd day of menstruation. RESULTS: A total of 17 exposed girls and controls participated, the exposed girls reported shorter mean duration of bleeding per cycle than 16 unexposed (5.5 vs 6.5 days, P=0.0055). There was a higher rate of irregular menstrual cycle in the exposed girls (40% vs 0%, P=0.018). Serum levels of estradiol (P=0.016) and FSH (P=0.061) were higher in exposed girls as compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that prenatal exposure to PCBs/PCDFs resulted in abnormal menstruation and higher estradiol and FSH levels in follicular phase of menstrual cycle in adolescent girls. 
OBJECTIVE: The current study was designed to test the possible release and bioavailability of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from a set of commercial carbon blacks (CBs) as well as the ability of these PAHs to form bulky DNA adducts. METHODS: In four commercial CBs (Printex 90, Sterling V, N330, Lampblack 101), leaching of PAH was examined through (1) release of parent PAHs in saline with or without surfactant, and (2) PAH adducts in lung epithelial cells (A549) or in rat lungs after exposure to two CBs (Printex 90, Sterling V) for 13 weeks (50 mg/m(3)). In vitro experiments were done with original and extracted particles, as well as organic extracts of CB in DMSO. As positive controls, B[a]P (0.03 microM) and a mixture of 16 PAHs (0.1 microM) were used. RESULTS: No leaching of PAHs was measured in saline or surfactant-containing saline. In vitro incubations with CB particles (30-300 microg/cm(2)) revealed no adduct spots except for Sterling V. However, the spot was not concentration dependent and remains unidentified. Lung DNA from rats after inhalation of Printex 90 or Sterling V showed no spots related to PAH-DNA adduct formation compared to sham-exposed rats. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that PAHs are very tightly bound to these CBs. Only using organic extracts or particles of low-surface Sterling V, with high PAH content, PAHs may become available to form PAH-DNA adducts. However, the in vitro conditions showing this effect will not be encountered in vivo and renders this mechanism in particle-induced lung cancer at in vivo exposures highly unlikely. 
PURPOSE: Flaxseed, the richest source of mammalian lignan precursors, has previously been shown to reduce the growth of tumors in rats. This study examined, in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial, the effects of dietary flaxseed on tumor biological markers and urinary lignan excretion in postmenopausal patients with newly diagnosed breast cancer. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: Patients were randomized to daily intake of either a 25 g flaxseed-containing muffin (n = 19) or a control (placebo) muffin (n = 13). At the time of diagnosis and again at definitive surgery, tumor tissue was analyzed for the rate of tumor cell proliferation (Ki-67 labeling index, primary end point), apoptosis, c-erbB2 expression, and estrogen and progesterone receptor levels. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were analyzed for lignans, and 3-day diet records were evaluated for macronutrient and caloric intake. Mean treatment times were 39 and 32 days in the placebo and flaxseed groups, respectively. RESULTS: Reductions in Ki-67 labeling index (34.2%; P = 0.001) and in c-erbB2 expression (71.0%; P = 0.003) and an increase in apoptosis (30.7%; P = 0.007) were observed in the flaxseed, but not in the placebo group. No significant differences in caloric and macronutrient intake were seen between groups and between pre- and posttreatment periods. A significant increase in mean urinary lignan excretion was observed in the flaxseed group (1,300%; P < 0.01) compared with placebo controls. The total intake of flaxseed was correlated with changes in c-erbB2 score (r = -0.373; P = 0.036) and apoptotic index (r = 0.495; P < 0.004). CONCLUSION: Dietary flaxseed has the potential to reduce tumor growth in patients with breast cancer. 
To characterize the maternal-fetal transport of lipophilic endocrine disrupting chemicals, concentrations of polychlorinated (2,3,7,8-substituted) dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were measured in maternal and fetal blood, and amniotic and allantoic fluids in cattle. Total toxicity equivalent quantity (TEQ) was highest in amniotic fluid on a fat-weight basis, whereas it was highest in maternal blood on a total weight basis. TEQ was lowest in allantoic fluid on either basis; 26 of 29 congeners analyzed in this experiment were detected in one or more samples. The largest number of congeners was detected in amniotic fluid. O8CDD, 2,3,4,7,8-P5CDF and 2,3',4,4',5-P5CB were the major congeners in PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs, respectively. The O8CDD concentration was higher in fetal blood than in maternal blood on a fat-weight basis, whereas concentrations of other congeners were lower in fetal blood than in maternal blood. Furthermore, on a fat-weight basis, the O8CDD concentration was considerably higher in allantoic fluid compared with other samples. Concentrations of major PCB congeners were higher in amniotic fluid than in maternal and fetal blood on a fat-weight basis. In conclusion, it is suggested that lipophilic endocrine-disrupting chemicals contained in maternal blood are all transferred to the fetal circulation via the placenta in cattle. Furthermore, the results of this experiment imply that O8CDD has different transportation systems from other dioxins in the circulation, and that a considerable amount of PCBs is excreted and accumulated in amniotic fluid during the fetal stage in cattle.
BACKGROUND: Dietary calcium and proteins are important determinants of bone health. Among the various methods to evaluate dietary intakes, food frequency questionnaires provide a self-administered, quick and simple estimation of dietary intakes. OBJECTIVES: To validate a simple, rapid, self-administered food frequency questionnaire for the estimation of dietary protein intake. DESIGN AND METHODS: A self-administrable food frequency questionnaire comprising 20 items was developed. The accuracy of dietary protein evaluation by this questionnaire was verified by comparing it to the results of a diary performed over a 4-day-period in 29 normal healthy subjects (mean age+/-SD, 40.1+/-12.3), and to the mean of three last 24-h recalls, administered at 6-week intervals in 43 healthy men (mean age+/-SD, 51.2+/-5.1). RESULTS: As compared with the values from both reference methods, the slope coefficient of linear regression analysis was statistically different from zero, but the percent of variance explained by the frequency questionnaire results amounted to 35% (diary) and 18% (24-h recall), respectively. Bland and Altman graphs as well as the Pitman's test did not show any difference in variability between the reference methods and the new food frequency questionnaire. This indicates a reliable estimate of group average dietary protein intakes. CONCLUSION: This rapid, self-administered food frequency questionnaire could be a useful tool for the evaluation of dietary protein intakes in groups of subjects. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate responses to self-administered brief questions regarding consumption of vegetables and fruit by comparison with blood levels of serum carotenoids and red-cell folate. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study in which participants reported their usual intake of fruit and vegetables in servings per day, and serum levels of five carotenoids (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein/zeaxanthin and lycopene) and red-cell folate were measured. Serum carotenoid levels were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography, and red-cell folate by an automated immunoassay system. SETTINGS AND SUBJECTS: Between October and December 2000, a sample of 1598 adults aged 25 years and over, from six randomly selected urban centres in Queensland, Australia, were examined as part of a national study conducted to determine the prevalence of diabetes and associated cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Statistically significant (P<0.01) associations with vegetable and fruit intake (categorised into groups: </=1 serving, 2-3 servings and >/=4 servings per day) were observed for alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein/zeaxanthin and red-cell folate. The mean level of these carotenoids and of red-cell folate increased with increasing frequency of reported servings of vegetables and fruit, both before and after adjusting for potential confounding factors. A significant association with lycopene was observed only for vegetable intake before adjusting for confounders. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that brief questions may be a simple and valuable tool for monitoring vegetable and fruit intake in this population. 
Coal Oil Point (COP) is a natural oil seep off the coast of Santa Barbara, California. Although most studies examining the fate and effects of petroleum have focused upon urbanized or anthropogenic sources of inputs, few have examined the effects of polyaromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) derived from natural seeps. In order to evaluate the effects of PAHs derived from COP on marine fish populations, hatchery-reared California Halibut (Platichthys californicus) were exposed for 30 days to seven dilutions of sediments collected from COP. Hepatic cytochrome P450 1A (CYP1A), biliary fluorescent aromatic compounds (FACs), gonadal somatic indices, and plasma steroid concentrations. Sixteen USEPA priority PAHs were targeted for analysis in each sediment dilution. In general, biochemical responses were somewhat recalcitrant to dose-response relationships and were less sensitive than the literature values established for the same indicators following exposure to urbanized PAHs. Trends toward reductions in plasma 17beta-estradiol concentrations were observed, but reductions in gonadal somatic indices were not observed. FAC values for naphthalene, benzo(a)pyrene, phenanthrene-related compounds reached maximums at 33-100% COP sediment. The resulting insensitivity may be unique for exposure to "natural" petroleum due to a higher concentration of lower molecular weight PAHs or uncharacterized inhibitors.
Maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) is caused by a deficiency in the branched-chain alpha-ketoacid dehydrogenase complex. Accumulations of branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) and branched-chain alpha-ketoacids (BCKAs) in patients with MSUD induce ketoacidosis, neurological disorders, and developmental disturbance. BCAAs and BCKAs influence on the nervous system can be estimated by analyzing these patients. According to clinical investigations on MSUD patients, leucine levels over 400 micromol/L apparently can cause any clinical problem derived from impaired function of the central nervous system. Damage to neuronal cells found in MSUD patients are presumably because of higher concentrations of both blood BCAAs or BCKAs, especially alpha-ketoisocapronic acids. These clinical data from MSUD patients provide a valuable basis on understanding leucine toxicity in the normal subject.
BACKGROUND: Different PCB congeners and different mixtures of congeners have been demonstrated to have different biological actions. More complete characterization of congener profiles in exposure sources may assist in predicting health outcomes. METHODS: Thirty-six (36) polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners were measured by gas chromatography isotope-dilution mass spectrometry (IDMS) in 314 serum samples from Native Americans in Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota. Five dietary groups were established based on the quantity and species of fish consumed and the waters from which the fish were caught. Multivariate statistical methods were able to resolve gender and dietary differences in PCB homologue and PCB congener patterns. RESULTS: Females had higher proportions of lower chlorinated homologues, including a consistently higher proportion of pentaCB 118. The relative presence of the very labile and volatile PCB 18, above 1% of the total PCB in females from the minimal fish consumption and "other" groups, suggests possible exposure to PCBs in the atmosphere. The dietary group consuming predatory fishes from Lakes Michigan and Superior had the highest serum concentrations of total PCB (mean of 3.1 ng/ml) and the most distinct congener profile. The two dietary groups least dependent on fishing or fishing mostly from inland lakes (non-Great Lakes) had the lowest total PCB concentrations, both with means of 1.4 ng/ml. CONCLUSIONS: These serum PCB concentrations were less than those found in earlier studies of fish consumers in the Great Lakes region and may reflect the decrease in PCBs in these lakes. 
BACKGROUND: Mounting evidence implicates diets high in fats and processed sugars with increased generation of free radicals in animals. It is still not clearly established whether such a diet alters antioxidant balance in dementia patients, where an oxidative stress status may already exist. The disruption to lipid metabolism by oxidative stress has been recently linked to neurodegeneration and clinical disease. The aim of this study is to assess the relationship between fat, sugar, carbohydrate and caloric intake levels, and antioxidant status in patients with mild to moderate dementia. METHODS: The levels of 3 essential endogenous antioxidants (superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase) were measured in the blood of 26 dementia subjects and 26 cognitively unimpaired controls. Concurrently, the intake levels of relevant nutrients and dietary antioxidants were assessed in all subjects. RESULTS: A statistically significant positive association was observed in the dementia group between glutathione peroxidase activity and the intake of fats (r = 0.44; p = 0.023), carbohydrates (r = 0.46; p = 0.018), total sugars (r = 0.51; p = 0.007) and calories (r = 0.47; p = 0.14). The only significant association in the control group was observed between glutathione peroxidase and fat (r = 0.47; p = 0.015). CONCLUSION: The higher glutathione peroxidase activity among subjects with greater intake of fats, carbohydrates and sugars may represent a compensatory response to the additional increase in oxidative stress in dementia. Our data shed light on the influence of dietary intake on the oxidant-antioxidant system in mild to moderate dementia patients. 
We examined the estrogenic effect of 2,2'4,4'5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (PCB 153) on the rockfish, Sebastes schlegeli. We measured levels of plasma estradiol-17beta (E(2)) and testosterone (T) by radioimmunoassay (RIA). Plasma concentrations of T and 17alpha-hydroxyprogesterone in female and male fish injected with PCB 153 using two dosages (0.16 mg/kg body weight. and 0.57 mg/kg) did not differ significantly between sexes or from sham-injected controls of the same sex. Plasma concentrations of E(2) in females injected with PCB 153 (both levels) increased at 12 and 24 h. Concentrations of plasma vitellogenin (VTG) in females increased 72 h after injection with PCB 153 and reached 0.38 and 1.25 mg/mL, respectively. No VTG was detected in males injected with the same dosage. These results suggest that PCB 153 may lead to the production VTG in female rockfish through a synergistic effect with E(2), resulting in indirect disruption of the aromatization process.
BACKGROUND: The degree of variability in prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements is important for interpreting test results in screening programs, and particularly for interpreting the significance of changes between repeated tests. This study aimed to determine the long-term intra-individual variation for PSA in healthy men. METHODS: A randomly selected cohort of men in a biennial prostate cancer screening program (ERSPC) conducted in Sweden from 1995-1996 to 2001-2002. We studied men who had total PSA (tPSA) levels < 2.0 ng/ml in 2001-2002. This included 791 men with tPSA < or = 0.61 ng/ml (group A), 1,542 men with tPSA < or = 0.99 ng/ml (group B), and 1,029 men with tPSA 1.00-1.99 ng/ml (group C). The intra-individual variability of free PSA (fPSA) and tPSA was assessed by calculating coefficients of variation (CV) for each individual's PSA measurements from the first and second round of screening (1995-1996 and 1997-1998). RESULTS: Intra-individual CV (geometric means) for tPSA were 13.7%, 12.7%, and 11.5% in groups A, B, and C, respectively. Corresponding CVs for fPSA were significantly lower, ranging from 12.1% to 10.4%. The estimated biological variation of tPSA and fPSA in groups A to C were 12.5%, 11.4%, 10.0% and 9.7%, 7.8%, 7.5%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy men with PSA levels less than 2 ng/ml, the natural long-term variability for tPSA was less than 14%, and with 95% probability, a change in tPSA greater than 30% indicates a change beyond normal random variation. 
BACKGROUND: Gestational exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP), a ubiquitous environmental contaminant, has been shown to interfere with the development of the male reproductive tract by acting as an antiandrogen. This study was conducted to identify the critical days for the abnormal development of the male reproductive tract, specifically the testis and epididymis. METHODS: Timed-pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were dosed with DBP at 500 mg/kg/day on gestation day (GD) 14 and 15, 15 and 16, 16 and 17, 17 and 18, 18 and 19, or 19 and 20 (GD 0=plug day). Anogenital distance (AGD) was measured on postnatal day (PND) 1 and 13, while areloa number was recorded on PND 13 only. After weaning, males were allowed to mature to PND 90 at which time they were necropsied. Areloa number and AGD were recorded and testes, epididymides, seminal vesicles, prostate gland, kidneys, and liver weighed. Blood serum was collected and assayed for total testosterone concentration. RESULTS: There were no observable effects on litter size, sex ratio, serum testosterone concentration, or mortality of pups. Statistically significant permanent reductions in AGD were seen in males exposed prenatally to DBP on GD 15 and 16 or GD 18 and 19. On PND 13, areola were present in males exposed to DBP on GD 15 and 16, 16 and 17, 17 and 18, and 19 and 20. However, permanent retention occurred only in males after DBP exposure on GD 16 and 17. Exposure to DBP on only GD 17 and 18 elicited a reduction in epididymal weights; while exposure on only GD 16 and 17 caused a significant increase in the weights of the testes due to edema. In this study, epididymal and testicular malformations were most prevalent after exposure to DBP on any gestational day. Epididymal malformations, characterized by agenesis of various regions and small or flaccid testes were significantly increased in DBP-exposed males only on GD 16 and 17. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that 2-day DBP exposure is highly detrimental to the developing reproductive tract of the male fetus and the critical window for abnormal development is GD 16-18. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitous environmental contaminants. In utero exposure to background levels of PCBs has been associated with intellectual impairment among children in most, but not all, studies. The authors evaluated prenatal PCB exposure in relation to cognitive test (intelligence quotient (IQ)) scores on the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children at age 7 years. Pregnant women were recruited from 12 US study centers from 1959 to 1965, and their children were followed until age 7 years (the Collaborative Perinatal Project). Third trimester serum was analyzed for PCBs in 1997-1999 for 732 women selected at random and for an additional 162 women whose children had either a low or a high IQ score. The PCB-IQ association was examined in multivariate models. Among those in the lowest exposure category (<1.25 microg of PCB/liter of serum), the fully adjusted mean IQ score was 93.6 (standard error: 1.8); among those in the highest category (> or =5 microg of PCB/liter), the mean IQ was 97.6 (standard error: 1.2); and overall the increase in IQ per unit increase in PCB level (microg/liter) was 0.22 (95% confidence interval: -0.28, 0.71). In these data, in utero exposure to background levels of PCBs was not associated with lower IQ at age 7 years.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls (HO-PCBs) and pentachlorophenol (PCP) are halogenated phenolic compounds, and they are increasingly common as environmental contaminants mainly in the blood of wildlife and humans. A methodology based on high-performance liquid chromatography (reversed-phase)-electrospray (negative) ionization-tandem quadrupole mass spectrometry (LC-ESI(-)-MS-MS) in the select ion monitoring or multiple reaction monitoring modes was developed for HO-PCB and PCP determination in blood plasma and serum. Among 11 environmentally relevant HO-PCB congeners and PCP spiked to fetal calf serum, quantitative assessments, including matrix effects on ESI(-) suppression/ enhancement, showed process (recovery) efficiencies of 73% to 89% without internal standard (IS) correction, and 88% to 103% with IS correction, and method limits of quantification ranging from 1 to 50 pg/g (wet weight). Using the developed LC-ESI(-)-MS methodology in comparison with GC-MS and GC-ECD based approaches, similar results were found for HO-PCB identification and quantification in the plasma of polar bear (Ursus maritimus) from the Canadian arctic. LC-ESI(-)-MS identified four HO-PCB congeners [4'-HO-2,2',4,6,6'-pentachlorobiphenyl (4'-HO-CB104), 4-HO-2,3,3',4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (4-HO-CB107), 4-HO-2,3,3',5,5',6-hexachlorobiphenyl (4-HO-CB165) and 3'-HO-2,2',3,4,4',5,5'-heptachlorobiphenyl (3'-HO-CB180)], and 14 additional tetra- to hepta-chlorinated HO-PCBs isomers in the polar bear plasma.
BACKGROUND/AIMS: We aimed at examining the intake of ready-to-eat cereals (RTEC) among adolescents in Crete, Greece, and investigate relationships with health and diet indicators. METHODS: A sample of 392 adolescents (183 boys, 209 girls) aged 15 +/- 0.4 years, attending high schools of two major counties in Crete, was studied to determine consumption of RTEC using a frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric measurements were performed and blood was drawn for analysis of serum lipoproteins and blood glucose (BG). The physical fitness was assessed with the 20-meter shuttle run test (SRT) and the amount of time watching television was estimated. Nutrient intakes were calculated through 24-hour dietary recalls. RESULTS: 42% (n = 77) of boys and 43% (n = 90) of girls reported consumption of RTEC at least once per week. Approximately 40% of the male and 47% of the female consumers reported eating RTEC only at meals other than breakfast. RTEC consumption was inversely related to the obesity indices and BG levels, and positively related to the SRT (p < 0.05 in all analyses). RTEC consumers had significantly higher intakes of fibre, magnesium, calcium, iron, folate, and vitamins A, B2 and B6 (p < 0.05 in all analyses). CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrated favourable associations between RTEC intake and health and diet indicators in Greek adolescents, with potential implications for improved health status and chronic disease risk reduction. 
AIM: This pilot study attempts to assess how far the standardized questionnaires are a valid tool to detect the food-related burden of acrylamide. Acrylamide is a toxic substance classified by the International Agency of Research on Cancer, as well as the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, as a probable human carcinogen. METHODS: A venous blood sample was taken in order to determine the smoking-specific acrylnitrile adduct N-cyanoethylvaline and the acrylamide adduct N-2-carbamoylethylvaline in a female study population expecting delivery soon. A standardized questionnaire was used to determine the consumption of acrylamide-contaminated food. The results of our questionnaire were transferred to a linear evaluation system. Finally, anamnestic data of the questionnaire were correlated to objective parameters such as blood levels of hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and acrylonitrile. RESULTS: A positive correlation between the acrylamide intake and the levels of hemoglobin adducts in our study population was not proven. CONCLUSIONS: Evaluation of food-related exposure to acrylamide is difficult due to several reasons. Firstly, the validity of anamnestic data strongly depends on the patient's ability to remember precisely all consumed food (quality as well as quantity) over a 3-month period. In addition, the contamination of acrylamide in food varies from one product to another; even the contamination of the same product is variable. Therefore, the missing correlation between the questionnaire and hemoglobin adduct rates is rather due to restricted validity of anamnestic data. 
Significant amounts of methylmercury (MeHg) can bioaccumulate in fish and sea mammals. To monitor MeHg exposure in individuals, organic and inorganic mercury are often measured in blood samples or in hair strands, the latter being by far the best integrator of past exposure. With knowledge of the MeHg kinetics in humans, the levels of both biomarkers can be related to MeHg body burden and intakes. In the present study, we use the toxicokinetic model of Carrier et al. (2001) describing the distribution and excretion of MeHg in humans, to reconstruct the history of MeHg intakes of indigenous women of the Inuvik region in Canada starting from total mercury concentrations in hair segments. From these reconstructed MeHg intakes, the corresponding simulated mercury blood concentrations are found to be good predictors of the concentrations actually measured in blood samples. An important conclusion of this study is that, for almost all subjects, the reconstructed history of their MeHg intakes provides much lower intake values than intakes estimated from questionnaires on food consumption and estimated MeHg levels in these foods; the mean value of the reconstructed MeHg intakes is 0.03 microg/kg/day compared with the mean value of 0.20 microg/kg/day obtained from questionnaires. The model was also used to back-calculate the MeHg intakes from concentrations in hair strands collected from aboriginals of the Amazon region in Brazil, a population significantly more exposed than the population of the Inuvik region.
This study aimed to develop a physiologically based model for simulating the concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in tissue and plasma lipids of rats exposed to PCB mixtures. The model was based on the assumption that the neutral lipid fraction is the only critical determinant of the tissue distribution of PCBs, and that the solubility/retention in other tissue components is negligible. The volumes of the model compartments reflected the volumes of neutral lipids, whereas the flow rates corresponded to those of the neutral lipids in blood. Since the equilibrium ratio of PCB concentrations in neutral lipids of tissues and plasma equals 1, the present modeling approach does not require the use of tissue:blood partition coefficients. Metabolism rates were derived from the best visual fit of the model to the PCB concentrations in hepatic lipids determined on d 41 and 90 in rats exposed to a mixture containing 5, 50, or 500 microg PCBs (118, 138, 153, 170, 180 and 187) per kilogram body weight according to various protocols: (a) every-day dosing, (b) once-a-week dosing, (c) consecutive dosing for 13 d with no further treatment, and (d) 13 irregularly spaced doses. The resulting model consistently simulated the concentrations of PCBs in adipose tissue and plasma lipids of rats exposed according to the four described protocols. The physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model developed in this study should be useful as a basis for interpretating blood or plasma lipid concentration data on PCBs collected during biomonitoring studies.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of vegetable consumption and vitamin supplementation on the risk of developing transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) of the urinary bladder in Scottish Terriers. DESIGN: Case-control study. ANIMALS: 92 adult Scottish Terriers with TCC (cases) and 83 Scottish Terriers with other conditions (controls). PROCEDURE: Owners of dogs with TCC completed a questionnaire regarding their dogs' diet and intake of vitamin supplements in the year prior to diagnosis of TCC; owners of control dogs completed the questionnaire for a comparable time period. The risk (odds ratio [OR]) of developing TCC associated with diet and vitamin supplementation was determined by use of logistic regression. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, weight, neuter status, and coat color, there was an inverse association between consumption of vegetables at least 3 times/wk (OR, 0.30; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.15 to 0.62) and risk of developing TCC. For individual vegetable types, the risk of developing TCC was inversely associated with consumption of green leafy vegetables (OR, 0.12; 95% CI, 0.01 to 0.97) and yellow-orange vegetables (OR, 0.31; 95% CI, 0.14 to 0.70). Consumption of cruciferous vegetables was not significantly associated with a similar reduction in risk of developing TCC (OR, 0.22; CI, 0.04 to 1.11). The power of the study to detect a 50% reduction in TCC risk associated with daily vitamin supplementation was considered low (25%). CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Results suggest that consumption of certain vegetables may prevent or slow the development of TCC in Scottish Terriers. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether altering energy intake as red meat protein or carbohydrate modifies chylomicron homeostasis and postprandial lipaemia. DESIGN: Randomized single-blind dietary intervention trial. SETTING: School of Public Health, Division of Health Science, Curtin University, Perth, Western Australia. SUBJECTS: A total of 20 moderately hypertriglyceridaemic but otherwise healthy subjects were recruited and completed the study. INTERVENTION: Participants consumed an isocaloric weight maintenance diet low in protein (14, 53 and 30% of energy as protein, carbohydrate and fat, respectively) or high in protein (25, 35 and 30% energy as protein, carbohydrate and fat) for a period of 6 weeks. Fasting plasma lipids and postprandial lipoprotein studies (triglyceride and apolipoprotein B48) following an oral fat challenge were carried out at the start and conclusion of the dietary intervention period. RESULTS: Consumption of the low- or high-protein diet had no significant effect on fasting plasma or postprandial lipaemia, the latter determined as the incremental area under the triglyceride curve following a fat challenge. However, subjects who consumed a low-protein diet for 6 weeks had a substantially exaggerated postprandial chylomicron response, indicated as the area under the apo B48 curve following a fat challenge. The change in postprandial chylomicron kinetics could not be explained by changes in insulin sensitivity, which appeared to be similar before and after intervention with either diet. CONCLUSIONS: Daily moderate consumption of a lean red meat protein-enriched diet attenuates postprandial chylomicronaemia in response to ingestion of a fatty meal. 
OBJECTIVE: Development of an evaluation tool of psychosocial constructs for use by participants in 2 federal programs, Food Stamp Nutrition Education and the Expanded Food and Nutrition Education Program. DESIGN: Cross-sectional data from a longitudinal study. PARTICIPANTS: Limited-resource women (n = 111) living in low-income communities. MEASURES: Test-retest reliability, internal consistency, ethnic differences, convergent validity. ANALYSIS: Spearman rank order correlation, analysis of variance, principal components analysis. RESULTS: Reliability coefficients ranged from a low of r = .18 (not significant) to r = .74 (P < .0001). Two items were deleted for not meeting criteria for reliability and 2 for redundancy. Ethnic differences at baseline were significant for 1 item. Domain constructs loaded on 4 to 5 factors for the biopsychosocial framework. Estimates of convergent validity of 9 constructs led to the deletion of 3 (ie, perceived barriers, social support, and perceived norms), with retention of perceived benefits, perceived control, self-efficacy, readiness to eat more fruit, readiness to eat more vegetables, and perceived diet quality. As an estimate of convergent validity, the final version of the tool with 6 constructs remaining showed significant correlations with indicators of diet quality: serum carotenoid values (r = .38, P < .001); hypothesized nutrients calculated from the mean of 3 24-hour dietary recalls (vitamin C, r = .47, P < .0001; vitamin A, r = .39, P < .0001; folate, r = .37, P < .0001; beta-carotene, r =.31, P < .001; and fiber, r = .46, P < .0001); fruit and vegetable servings (r = 0.55, P < .0001); Healthy Eating Index (r = .27, P < .05); and a fruit and vegetable behavioral scale (r = .60, P < .0001). CONCLUSION AND IMPLICATIONS: This systematic process yielded a fruit and vegetable evaluation tool useful for practitioners and researchers. This is the first validation study of this type to estimate convergent validity with 5 indicators of diet quality, including a biomarker. 
BACKGROUND: Consumption of fruit and vegetables is associated with a decreased risk of heart disease and cancer. This has been ascribed in part to antioxidants in these foods inactivating reactive oxygen species involved in initiation or progression of these diseases. Non-nutritive anthocyanins are present in significant amounts in the human diet. However, it is unclear whether they have health benefits in humans. AIM: To determine whether daily consumption of anthocyanin-rich cranberry juice could alter plasma antioxidant activity and biomarkers of oxidative stress. METHODS: 20 healthy female volunteers aged 18-40 y were recruited. Subjects consumed 750 ml/day of either cranberry juice or a placebo drink for 2 weeks. Fasted blood and urine samples were obtained over 4 weeks. The total phenol, anthocyanin and catechin content of the supplements and plasma were measured. Anthocyanin glycosides were identified by tandem mass spectrometry (MS-MS). Vitamin C, homocysteine (tHcy) and reduced glutathione (GSH) were measured by HPLC. Total antioxidant ability was determined using electron spin resonance (ESR) spectrometry and by the FRAP assay. Plasma total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein (HDL), and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) were measured. Glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) activities were measured in erythrocytes. Urine was collected for analysis of malondialdehyde (MDA) by HPLC and 8-oxo-deoxyguanosine (8-oxo-dG) by ELISA. Endogenous and induced DNA damage were measured by single cell gel electrophoresis (SCGE) in lymphocytes. RESULTS: Vitamin C, total phenol, anthocyanin and catechin concentrations and FRAP and ESR values were significantly higher in the cranberry juice compared with the placebo. Cyanidin and peonidin glycosides comprised the major anthocyanin metabolites [peonidin galactoside (29.2%) > cyanidin arabinoside (26.1%) > cyanidin galactoside (21.7%) > peonidin arabinoside (17.5%) > peonidin glucoside (4.1%) > cyanidin glucoside (1.4 %)]. Plasma vitamin C increased significantly (P<0.01) in volunteers consuming cranberry juice. No anthocyanins (plasma) or catechins (plasma or urine) were detectable and plasma total phenols, tHcy,TC,TG,HDL and LDL were unchanged. The antioxidant potential of the plasma, GSH-Px, CAT and SOD activities, and MDA were similar for both groups. Supplementation with cranberry juice did not affect 8-oxo-deoxyguanosine in urine or endogenous or H(2)O(2)-induced DNA damage in lymphocytes. CONCLUSIONS: Cranberry juice consumption did not alter blood or cellular antioxidant status or several biomarkers of lipid status pertinent to heart disease. Similarly, cranberry juice had no effect on basal or induced oxidative DNA damage. These results show the importance of distinguishing between the in vitro and in vivo antioxidant activities of dietary anthocyanins in relation to human health. 
Vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP) contributes to the regulation of coronary vasomotor tone and circulating levels of VIP have been reported to increase during acute myocardial infarction. However, the changes in VIP concentration during exercise-induced ischemia have not been studied yet. Therefore, we sought to determine whether circulating levels of VIP change during treadmill exercise testing and whether they could be used as a marker of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia. Twenty-nine subjects with definitive positive (group-I) and 20 subjects (group-II) with negative results on treadmill exercise testing were included in this study. In order to assess circulating levels of VIP, blood samples were collected in both groups before exercise, at 5 minutes of exercise, at peak exercise, and at 10 minutes in the recovery period. There were no differences between the two groups with respect to the baseline demographics of age, sex, heart rate, or blood pressure. The metabolic equivalents (METs) values, peak heart rate achieved, peak systolic-diastolic blood pressure, and exercise duration did not differ between the two groups. No significant differences were found in the circulating levels of VIP at any stage of the exercise between the two groups (10.5 +/- 2.5 versus 11.0 +/- 3.5 pmol/L, P = 0.5, 10.6 +/- 2.3 versus 10.6 +/- 3.3 pmol/L, P = 0.9, 10.9 +/- 3.1 versus 11.5 +/- 3.4 pmol/L, P = 0.5, and 10.7 +/- 1.8 versus 11.7 +/- 4.1 pmol/L, P = 0.3, respectively). There was no relationship between the circulating level of VIP and exercise-induced myocardial ischemia, and therefore it could not be used as a marker of exercise-induced myocardial ischemia.
OBJECTIVE: Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with substantially lower risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We assessed the relationship between alcohol intake and inflammatory markers to partially explain this beneficial effect. METHODS AND RESULTS: From two large prospective studies, we sampled 959 healthy male and 473 healthy female health professionals with reported alcohol intake. Markers of inflammation were soluble tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptors 1 and 2 (sTNF-R1 and sTNF-R2), C-reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin-6 (IL-6). We found significant inverse linear trends for sTNF-R1 (p-trend<0.001 men; 0.03 women) and sTNF-R2 (p-trend=0.002 men; 0.08 women) with increasing alcohol intake. Compared to non-drinkers, men who consumed on average 1-2 drinks/day had 26% lower CRP (-0.66 mg/L, p=0.13), and 36% lower IL-6 (-1.12 pg/ml, p=0.02) levels. Among women, a similar though stronger association was observed at half drink per day. Compared to non-drinkers, both men and women who consumed 1-2 drinks/drinking day had significantly lower sTNF-R1 (-9% in men, -6% in women) and sTNF-R2 (-7% in men, -6% in women) levels as well as lower CRP (-10% in men, -32% in women) and IL-6 (-45% in men, -27% in women) levels. CONCLUSIONS: Alcohol in moderation is associated with lower levels of inflammatory markers and may lower risk of CVD through these mechanisms. 
In this cross-sectional study, the authors evaluated urinary 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-OHP-gluc) as a potential biomarker of exposure to various traffic exhausts. Subjects were 47 female highway toll-station workers and 27 female office workers in training for toll-station employment in Taipei, Taiwan. The mean concentration of urinary 1 -OHP-gluc was 0.117 micromol/mol creatinine in the exposed group and 0.073 micromol/mol creatinine in the reference group (difference in mean concentrations: 0.044 micromol/mol creatinine [95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.015, 0.072). In the lanes where tolls were collected from passenger cars, there was a significant relationship between cumulative traffic and 1-OHP-gluc concentration (i.e., average increase of 0.015 micromol/mol creatinine [95% CI: 0.003, 0.027] per 1,000 vehicles). The average increase for truck/bus lanes was similar to that identified for the car lanes (i.e., average increase of 0.011 micromol/mol creatinine [95% Cl: -0.024, 0.045] per 1,000 vehicles). The authors determined that exposure to various traffic exhausts increased the urinary concentration of 1-OHP-gluc in a dose-response pattern, which suggests that this chemical may be a useful biomarker for exposure to vehicle exhausts.
Methods are needed to assess exposure to genotoxins in humans and to improve understanding of dietary cancer prevention. The Comet assay was used to detect smoking-related exposures and dietary modulations in target tissues. Buccal scrapings, blood and faeces were collected from 38 healthy male volunteers (smokers and non-smokers) during a dietary intervention study with bread supplemented with prebiotics+/-antioxidants. GSTM1-genotype was determined with PCR. Buccal and peripheral lymphocytes were analysed for DNA damage using the Comet assay. Genotoxicity of faecal water (FW) was assayed in human colon HT29 clone 19A cells. 'Tail intensity' (TI) was used as a quantitative indicator of DNA damage in the Comet assay. Intervention with bread reduced DNA damage in lymphocytes of smokers (8.3+/-1.7% TI versus 10.2+/-4.1% TI, n=19), but not of non-smokers (8.6+/-2.8% TI versus 8.3+/-2.7% TI, n=15). Faecal water genotoxicity was reduced only in non-smokers (9.4+/-2.9% TI versus 18.9+/-13.1% TI, n=15) but not in smokers (15.5+/-10.7% TI versus 20.4+/-14.1% TI, n=13). The Comet assay was efficient in the detection of both smoking-related exposure (buccal cells) and efficacy of dietary intervention (faecal samples). Smokers and non-smokers profited differently from the intervention with prebiotic bread+/-antioxidants. Stratification of data by genotype enhanced specificity/sensitivity of the intervention effects and contributed important information on the role of susceptibility.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dibenzofurans (PCDFs) are persistent environmental pollutants shown to adversely interact with several functions of the endocrine system. In 1978-1979, over 2000 Taiwanese people ingested rice oil accidentally contaminated with PCBs and PCDFs. This is one of the major toxic exposure episodes that occurred globally and was later called Yucheng (oil disease in Chinese). The children born to exposed Yucheng women were therefore exposed in utero to high doses of PCBs/PCDFs. In 1995, 60 Yucheng and 61 control boys participated in physical examination, and serum hormones were measured by radioimmunoassay (RIA). Age, body weight, body height, Tanner status, testicular size, serum luteinizing hormone (LH), prolactin (PRL), thyroxine (T4), triiodothyronine (T3), and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) levels were not statistically different between Yucheng and control boys in the subgroups of before and at the age of puberty. However, the serum estradiol (E2) levels were significant higher in Yucheng boys at the age of puberty. Yucheng and control boys were further divided into two subgroups, those before (age <13 yr) and those at the age of puberty (age > or = 13 yr). There was a decrease of serum testosterone (TT) levels and increase of serum follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) levels in Yucheng boys at the age of puberty as compared with controls. There was a significant decrease of the square root of TT/E2 and TT/FSH; however, the square root of E2/FSH was increased in Yucheng boys at the age of puberty as compared with controls. Data indicated that prenatal exposure to PCBs and PCDFs may have implications for boys' sex hormone homeostasis at puberty. Further studies are needed to identify the congeners of PCBs/PCDFs responsible for disruption of the endocrine system, as well as the mechanisms of such disruption.
In Japan, the use of certain phthalates has been regulated. We analyzed the effectiveness of these measures using an analytical biomarker approach. We measured two phthalate metabolites, mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP) and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) in urine samples from 36 participants using enzymatic deconjugation, offline solid phase extraction, and HPLC-ESI-MS/MS. From the levels measured and individual values of creatinine excretion rate the daily intake was determined and compared to each corresponding tolerable daily intake (TDI). The levels of urinary MBP and MEHP were < 1.8-280 and 0.76-25 microg/l, respectively. The ranges of the estimated daily intake of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) and di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) from 35 adult urine samples were 0.22-4.5 and 0.37-7.3 microg/kg/ day, respectively. These values were lower than the corresponding TDIs. After comparing these values to previous exposure assessment data on DEHP in Japan, it could be seen that the DEHP intake dropped over the period from 1998 to 2001. Children were not covered in the present study, so the results may only be applicable to adults, not to the Japanese population at large. Even so, the small number of people in one specific geographic area cannot be considered representative of the adult Japanese population. In addition to MEHP, the secondary metabolites of DEHP, which are more suitable biomarkers should be measured in the future.
To investigate the effect of genetic polymorphisms on the oxidative damage caused by PAH exposure, we measured urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) levels to determine exposure and oxidative injury in university students. After examining myeloperoxidase (MPO) and manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD) genotypes by PCR and RFLP, we evaluated the effects of these polymorphisms on the relationship between the urinary levels of 1-OHP and 8-OHdG. No significant relation was observed between log 1-OHP and 8-OHdG concentrations in the whole study group (p=0.182), or between urinary 8-OHdG levels and polymorphisms of MnSOD or MPO (p=0.539 and 0.993, respectively). However, significant differences of regression coefficient were found for the relation between urinary log 1-OHP and urinary 8-OHdG concentrations in the presence of different MnSOD or MPO genotypes by multiple regression after controlling for age, sex, body mass index, cotinine, and smoking. In those with the MnSOD Val/Ala or Ala/Ala genotypes this regression coefficient was 1.480 (p=0.040), whereas for the MnSOD Val/Val genotype it was 0.088 (p=0.859). The higher regression coefficient was obtained for the subject group with the MnSOD Val/Ala or Ala/Ala genotype in combination with the MPO G/G genotype (p=0.012). We suggest that the oxidative injury caused by PAH exposure is modulated by genetic polymorphisms such as MnSOD and MPO.
The present study was designed to evaluate the effect of amount of dietary protein levels on blood indicators of protein metabolism and immune condition (blood protein, hemocyanin, osmotic pressure, and hemocytes concentrations), and reproductive capacity of pre-adult Litopenaeus setiferus males (F0). Assessments were made of the relationship between amount of dietary protein, immune condition, and reproductive condition of the shrimp during the maturation process. Three different diets, with different amounts of protein (DP; 35, 45, and 55%), were evaluated over 55 days and compared with shrimp that were from a baseline group before treatments were administrated. Osmotic pressure, hemocyanin, blood protein, and hemocytes were greater in shrimp from control ponds than those obtained of shrimp fed 35 and 45% DP and similar to that obtained in shrimp fed 55% DP, demonstrating that food in the control pond had a nutritional value to that obtained by feeding amounts of dietary protein beyond 45%. Osmotic pressure, hemocyanin (Hc), blood protein (BP), and hemocytes were influenced by amount of DP with the physiology and immune system of shrimp being influenced by diet. At the same time, a maximum reproductive condition (measured as a proportion of normal cells of the total sperm cells) of shrimp males was observed in shrimp fed 45% DPL with lesser normal cells being present in shrimp fed 35 and 55% DPL. These results indicate that an immune reaction can occur in response to dietary protein with excess DP affecting several physiological functions included the sperm synthesis and sperm quality. Influence on hemocytes concentration in shrimp fed protein in excess could activate an attack on sperm cells in the vas deferens provoking lose of sperm quality in such conditions. Results indicate an optimal DP of 45 for maintaining the broodstock bank of L. setiferus.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), once used widely in transformers and other applications, and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene (DDE), the main metabolite of the pesticide 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane (DDT), are hormonally active agents. Changes in menstrual cycle functioning associated with PCBs and DDE, and increased odds of spontaneous abortion associated with DDE, suggest that these compounds could affect fertility. The authors investigated the association between PCB and DDE exposure and time to pregnancy by using serum levels measured in 390 pregnant women in the Collaborative Perinatal Project enrolled at 12 study centers in the United States from 1959 to 1965. They estimated adjusted fecundability odds ratios by using Cox proportional hazards modeling for discrete time data. Compared with time to pregnancy for women in the lowest exposure category (PCBs < 1.24 microg/liter, DDE < 14 microg/liter), time to pregnancy increased for women in the highest exposure category in terms of both PCBs (fecundability odds ratio for PCBs > or = 5.00 microg/liter = 0.65, 95% confidence interval: 0.36, 1.18) and DDE (fecundability odds ratio for DDE > or = 60 microg/liter = 0.65, 95% confidence interval: 0.32, 1.31). Overall, time to pregnancy increased with increasing serum PCB levels but was less suggestive of an association with DDE. Both trends were imprecise and attenuated when expressed on a lipid basis. Overall, evidence of an association between PCB or DDE exposure and time to pregnancy was weak and inconclusive.
AIM: To evaluate the ability to infer alcohol consumption using the %CDT (carbohydrate deficient transferrin) immunoassay (Axis Shield). METHODS: One hundred and eighty-three healthy subjects (143 men, 40 women) undergoing a routine medical check-up at their workplace declared frequency and quantity of alcohol consumption covering the last 4 weeks. Seven sub-groups were made up from this population, according to daily ethanol intake and by increments of 10 g from 0 to 70 g/day. A reference group that consisted of 133 healthy teetotallers (74 men, 59 women) was recruited by occupational medicine in the same conditions as the 183 subjects of the study. Percentage CDT and gamma glutamyl transferase (GGT) were assayed on a fasting blood sample. RESULTS: There was a proportional dose-response effect of daily ethanol intake on %CDT values in the range of 0-70 g per day. A threshold effect on %CDT values for patients having an alcohol intake of over 40 g per day was found, an effect which was not observed for GGT activity. CONCLUSION: The kit has clinical usefulness, and the value of 2.6% proposed by the manufacturer for the cut-off for hazardous drinking in both sexes has been validated. 
This study identified ethyl sulfate (EtS) in human urine and compared the excretion characteristics of EtS with that of ethanol and ethyl glucuronide (EtG). Urine samples were collected from healthy subjects after a single ethanol dose, and also selected from routine clinical samples. Simultaneous analysis of EtS and EtG was performed by direct electrospray liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry in the negative ion mode, with selected-ion monitoring of the pseudomolecular ions at m/z 125 for EtS (M(w) 126 g/mol) and m/z 221 for EtG (M(w) 222 g/mol). The identity of EtS in authentic urine specimens was established by co-chromatography with reference substance, the presence of product ions (m/z 97 and 80 from m/z 125) with correct relative intensity, and a correct sulfur isotope ratio for (34)S (m/z 127). After healthy subjects drank ethanol, EtS showed a much longer, dose-dependent elimination half-life than the parent compound. No EtS was detected in urines collected after abstention from ethanol for several days prior to sampling. Among 354 consecutive clinical samples, 86 were positive for both EtS and EtG with a mean EtG/EtS molar ratio of 2.3 (median 1.7). Another three urine samples were only positive for EtS and four only for EtG. The present results confirm that sulfate conjugation is a normal but minor metabolic pathway for ethanol in humans, and EtS a common constituent in the urine after alcohol intake. It is also indicated that the concurrent determination of EtS and EtG will improve sensitivity, when being used as biomarkers of recent drinking.
DNA adducts measured in tissues are promising markers for identifying damage in organs that could be a target for carcinogens. Polymorphisms in genes involved in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) metabolism have been shown to modify the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in target tissues. In order to study the role of metabolic gene polymorphisms on DNA-adduct formation in sperm, we determined the GSTM1 genotype in a group of men in whom PAH-DNA adducts in sperm had been previously measured by immunofluorescence. The mean level of adducts in sperm was significantly higher in subjects carrying the homozygous deletion variant of GSTM1 than in subjects with a functional GSTM1 (mean fluorescence staining intensity: 1.62+/-0.62 versus 1.33+/-0.55; p=0.02). With respect to environmental factors, subjects who reported occupational exposure to PAHs and who carried the GSTM1 deletion had a significant increase in PAH-DNA adducts in sperm in comparison with subjects who were not exposed and had a functional GSTM1 (mean staining intensity: 1.83+/-0.67 versus 1.30+/-0.53; p=0.05), although among GSTM1-null subjects there was no significant difference with or without occupational exposure. This study presents for the first time the effect of a common polymorphism in a gene that metabolizes PAHs on DNA-adduct levels in sperm.
Inner-city minority populations are high-risk groups for adverse birth outcomes and also more likely to be exposed to environmental contaminants, including environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), benzo[a]pyrene B[a]P, other ambient polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (global PAHs), and residential pesticides. The Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health (CCCEH) is conducting a prospective cohort study of 700 northern Manhattan pregnant women and newborns to examine the effects of prenatal exposure to these common toxicants on fetal growth, early neurodevelopment, and respiratory health. This paper summarizes results of three published studies demonstrating the effects of prenatal ETS, PAH, and pesticides on birth outcomes and/or neurocognitive development [Perera FP, Rauh V, Whyatt RM, Tsai WY, Bernert JT, Tu YH, et al. Molecular evidence of an interaction between prenatal environment exposures on birth outcomes in a multiethnic population. Environ Health Perspect 2004;12:630-62; Rauh VA, Whyatt RM, Garfinkel R, Andrews H, Hoepner L, Reyes A, et al. Developmental effects of exposure to environmental tobacco smoke and material hardship among inner-city children. Neurotoxicol Teratol 2004;26:373-85; Whyatt RM, Rauh V, Barr DB, Camann DE, Andrews HF, Garfinkel R, et al. Prenatal insecticide exposures, birth weight and length among an urban minority cohort. Environ Health Perspect, in press]. To evaluate the effects of prenatal exposure to ETS, PAHs, and pesticides, researchers analyzed questionnaire data, cord blood plasma (including biomarkers of ETS and pesticide exposure), and B[a]P-DNA adducts (a molecular dosimeter of PAHs). Self-reported ETS was associated with decreased head circumference (P = 0.04), and there was a significant interaction between ETS and adducts such that combined exposure had a significant multiplicative effect on birth weight (P = 0.04) and head circumference (P = 0.01) after adjusting for confounders. A second analysis examined the neurotoxic effects of prenatal ETS exposure and postpartum material hardship (unmet basic needs in the areas of food, housing, and clothing) on 2-year cognitive development. Both exposures depressed cognitive development (P < 0.05), and there was a significant interaction such that children with exposure to both ETS and material hardship exhibited the greatest cognitive deficit (7.1 points). A third analysis found that cord chlorpyrifos, and a combined measure of cord chlorpyrifos, diazinon, and propoxur-metabolite, were inversely associated with birth weight and/or length (P < 0.05). These results underscore the importance of policies that reduce exposure to ETS, air pollution, and pesticides with potentially adverse effects on fetal growth and child neurodevelopment.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), a class of additive flame retardants, are temporally increasing in wildlife tissues and capable of disrupting normal endocrine function. We determined whether in ovo and post-hatch exposure of captive American kestrels (Falco sparverius) to environmentally relevant PBDEs alter thyroid, retinol, and oxidative stress measures. Control eggs were injected with safflower oil and subsequent nestlings fed the same vehicle; dosed eggs received PBDE congeners (BDE-47, -99, -100, -153), which mainly comprise the Penta-BDE commercial mixture, dissolved in safflower oil at concentrations (1500 ng/g total [Sigma] PBDEs) approximating those in Great Lakes gull eggs. Nestlings hatching from dosed eggs were orally exposed for 29 days to variable SigmaPBDE concentrations that are similar to levels reported in tissues of Great Lakes trout (100 ng/g). Treatment kestrels had lower plasma thyroxine (T(4)), plasma retinol, and hepatic retinol and retinyl palmitate concentrations, but unaltered triiodothyronine (T(3)) concentrations and thyroid glandular structure. BDE-47, -100, and -99 were negatively associated with plasma T(4), plasma retinol (BDE-100, -99) and hepatic retinol (BDE-47). Despite an antioxidant-rich diet, PBDE exposure induced hepatic oxidative stress, particularly in females, with an increased hepatic GSSG:GSH ratio, a marginal increase in lipid peroxidation, and increased oxidized glutathione. Positive associations were found between concentrations of BDE-183 and thiols and, in males, between BDE-99 and reduced GSH, but a negative association occurred between BDE-99 and TBARS. Subsequently, concentrations of PBDE congeners in wild birds may alter thyroid hormone and vitamin A concentrations, glutathione metabolism and oxidative stress.
Novel classes and congeners of contaminant residues that are structurally analogous to polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants were assessed in the plasma of seven benthic- and six pelagic-feeding fish species from the highly contaminated Detroit River corridor, namely, hydroxylated-PBDEs (OH-PBDEs), methoxylated-PBDEs (MeO-PBDEs), and the antimicrobial OH-trichlorodiphenyl ether, triclosan, and its methylated (MeO) triclosan analogue. In all samples sigmaPBDE concentrations were comprised mainly of BDE47, BDE99, and BDE100 (>85%) and ranged from 155 pg/g wet weight (ww) to 21 069 pg/g ww. Of the 14 OH-PBDE congeners assessed, as many as 10 congeners were identified, although profiles were generally dominated by 6-OH-BDE47 with lesser amounts of 2'-OH-BDE68, 4'-OH-BDE49, and 4-OH-BDE42. sigmaOH-PBDE concentrations ranged from 2.7 to 198 pg/g ww, with sigmaPBDE to sigmaOH-PBDE concentration ratios ranging from 0.0005 to 0.02. OH-PBDEs are likely derived in these freshwater species as metabolites of precursor PBDEs and are subsequently retained in the blood, for example, 6-OH-BDE47, 4'-OH-BDE49, and 4-OH-BDE42 could be derived from BDE47. Portions of concentrations of the OH-PBDEs may also be of alternate origins and are accumulated and retained in these fish. In all samples, the 14 MeO-PBDEs monitored were below detection (<0.01 pg/g ww). Anthropogenic triclosan concentrations ranged from 750 to >10 000 pg/g ww and is clearly a bioaccumulative halogenated phenolic compound in these fish. MeO-triclosan concentrations were considerably lower. In addition to emerging classes of brominated contaminant such as PBDEs, whether of metabolic or anthropogenic origin, fish collected from the Detroit River are exposed to a complex profile of PBDE-like organohalogens.
The immediate and delayed effects of prepubertal exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) or oestradiol benzoate on the plasma concentrations of testosterone, oestradiol and LH, as well as testicular morphology were examined in prepubertal boars. In a split litter design experiment, prepubertal boars were intramuscularly exposed to DEHP, oestradiol or vehicle during five weeks, starting at six weeks of age. The dose of DEHP was 50mg/kg of bodyweight twice weekly, which is in the same range as recently used oral doses in rodents. Oestradiol-benzoate was administered at 0.25mg/kg of bodyweight twice weekly. One set of animals was examined immediately after the exposure, and the other set was examined at an age of 7.5 months. During the exposure period concentrations of LH in plasma were lower (p=0.02) in the oestradiol-treated animals than in the control group. In the group exposed to oestradiol, the relative to the body weight of the testicles tended to be lower (p=0.07) than control immediately after five weeks of exposure, and the relative to the body weight of the seminal vesicles tended to be lower (p=0.05) than control at 7.5 months of age. In the DEHP-exposed group an elevated (p=0.005) concentration of testosterone and increased (p=0.04) area of the Leydig cells in the testicles compared to the control group were seen at 7.5 months of age. These data suggest that DEHP early in life causes delayed effects on the reproductive system in the adult.
This investigation determined if 3 levels of controlled caffeine consumption affected fluid-electrolyte balance and renal function differently. Healthy males (mean +/- standard deviation; age, 21.6 +/- 3.3 y) consumed 3 mg caffeine . kg(-1) . d(-1). on days 1 to 6 (equilibration phase). On days 7 to 11 (treatment phase), subjects consumed either 0 mg (C0; placebo; n= 20), 3 mg (C3; n = 20), or 6 mg (C6; n = 19) caffeine . kg(-1) . d(-1) in capsules, with no other dietary caffeine intake. The following variables were unaffected (P > 0.05) by different caffeine doses on days 1, 3, 6, 9, and 11 and were within normal clinical ranges: body mass, urine osmolality, urine specific gravity, urine color, 24-h urine volume, 24-h Na+ and K+ excretion, 24-h creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, serum Na+ and K+, serum osmolality, hematocrit, and total plasma protein. Therefore, C0, C3, and C6 exhibited no evidence of hypohydration. These findings question the widely accepted notion that caffeine consumption acts chronically as a diuretic.
The aim of this study was to compare a dual-inversion-recovery black-blood (BB) magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) sequence with steady-state free precession (SSFP) for the assessment of left ventricular parameters. The improved endocardial border definition seen with SSFP was not observed at the epicardial border. Improvements in segmentation at the left ventricular epicardial border have been observed with this black-blood sequence. Left ventricular (LV) mass and LV end-diastolic volume (EDV) measurements as well as inter-observer and intra-observer variability were compared between images acquired with a dual inversion BB and SSFP sequence. The mean+/-1 standard deviation (SD) for LV EDV was 178.3+/-52.7 ml measured with SSFP and 158.8+/-62.2 ml with BB. This difference was not statistically significant (p=0.22). For SSFP, the mean value of LV mass was 124.0+/-27.0 g and 147.5+/-37.4 g for BB, a statistically significant difference (p<0.0001). The dual-inversion-recovery BB imaging showed improved reproducibility for LV mass measurements compared with SSFP and improved spatial resolution. For studies requiring LV mass measurements, the dual-inversion-recovery BB sequence offers improved spatial resolution and improved reproducibility to SSFP.
BACKGROUND: In developed countries, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitous contaminants of the environment, including foods. Within the range of the resulting low-level exposure, associations of PCBs with lower birth weight have been observed in several studies. METHODS: To examine further the association of PCBs with birth outcomes, we measured serum levels in 1034 pregnant women who were enrolled in the U.S. Collaborative Perinatal Project in 1959 to 1965 before PCB manufacturing was banned. RESULTS: The multivariate-adjusted odds ratio for preterm birth among those with PCB levels of >/=4 microg/L of total PCBs, compared with those with <2 microg/L, was 1.1 (95% confidence interval = 0.6-2.2); for the same exposure contrast, the odds ratio for delivering an infant who was small-for-gestational-age at birth was 1.6 (0.7-3.7). Birth weight and length of gestation were essentially unrelated to PCB level. CONCLUSIONS: In these data, maternal levels of PCBs during pregnancy were essentially unrelated to preterm birth, birth weight, or length of gestation. An association of PCBs with small-for-gestational-age birth was observed, but the results were inconclusive and occurred in the absence of an overall decrease in birth weight. 
BACKGROUND: Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are industrial chemicals that were used widely for approximately 50 years. Now banned, they are still ubiquitous because of their persistence in the environment, the food chain, and human fatty tissue. High in utero exposures cause developmental deficits accompanied by growth retardation. Studies examining intrauterine growth at lower exposures have been inconsistent, with most such investigations having relied on surrogate exposure indicators such as consumption of fish from contaminated bodies of water. METHODS: In the 1960s, serum specimens were collected from pregnant women participating in the Child Health and Development Study in the San Francisco Bay Area. The women were interviewed and their serum samples stored at -20 degrees C. At 5 years of age, detailed anthropometric measurements were made on children born in the years 1964-1967. We measured PCBs in specimens from 399 mothers using gas chromatography/electron capture detection. We conducted multiple linear regression to examine the relationship between these organochlorine concentrations and both intrauterine and 5-year growth, with adjustment for medical, lifestyle, sociodemographic, and specimen characteristics. RESULTS: In male infants, higher total in utero PCB exposure was associated with reduced birth weight, head circumference, and weight-for-gestational age. An increase from the 10th to 90th percentile in total PCBs was related to 290 g lower birth weight, a 0.7-cm decrease in head circumference, and for weight for gestational age, a reduction in z-score of 0.6. In girls, smaller head circumference and shorter gestations were observed. In contrast, prenatal PCBs were associated with greater growth in 5-year-old girls, with no apparent effect in 5-year-old boys. CONCLUSIONS: Maternally mediated exposure to PCBs may be detrimental to fetal growth, particularly in boys. These effects apparently are not persistent. Interpretation of greater childhood growth of girls is unclear. 
OBJECTIVE: Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is a plasticizer used in medical products made with polyvinyl chloride (PVC) plastic and may be toxic to humans. DEHP is lipophilic and binds noncovalently to PVC, allowing it to leach from these products. Medical devices containing DEHP are used extensively in neonatal intensive care units (NICUs). Among neonates in NICUs, we studied exposure to DEHP-containing medical devices in relation to urinary levels of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), a metabolite of DEHP. DESIGN: We used a cross-sectional design for this study. PARTICIPANTS: We studied 54 neonates admitted to either of two level III hospital NICUs for at least 3 days between 1 March and 30 April 2003. MEASUREMENTS: A priori, we classified the infants' exposures to DEHP based on medical products used: The low-DEHP exposure group included infants receiving primarily bottle and/or gavage feedings; the medium exposure group included infants receiving enteral feedings, intravenous hyperalimentation, and/or nasal continuous positive airway pressure; and the high exposure group included infants receiving umbilical vessel catheterization, endotracheal intubation, intravenous hyperalimentation, and indwelling gavage tube. We measured MEHP in the infants' urine using automated solid-phase extraction/isotope dilution/high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Urinary MEHP levels increased monotonically with DEHP exposure. For the low-, medium-, and high-DEHP exposure groups, median (interquartile range) MEHP levels were 4 (18), 28 (58), and 86 ng/mL (150), respectively (p = 0.004). After adjustment for institution and sex, urinary MEHP levels among infants in the high exposure group were 5.1 times those among infants in the low exposure group (p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Intensive use of DEHP-containing medical devices in NICU infants results in higher exposure to DEHP as reflected by elevated urinary levels of MEHP. 
The evidence for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) playing a role in prostate carcinogenesis comes mainly from associations between reported PAH exposures and prostate cancer in epidemiologic studies. Associations between prostate cancer and DNA repair genotypes and phenotypes have also been reported, lending further credence to a PAH-induced carcinogenesis pathway in prostate cancer. Recent work that demonstrates the human prostate has metabolic enzyme activity necessary for PAH activation and will form DNA adducts upon exposure to PAH further supports PAH carcinogenesis. We have demonstrated the presence of PAH-DNA adducts in prostate cancer cases, but further validation of this biomarker as a carcinogenic agent in human prostate is needed.
The fatty acid profiles of serum lipids were examined in 53 ten-year-old cleft children. The children presented with different cleft types (cleft lip, cleft lip and palate, isolated cleft palate and submucuous cleft palate) and were recruited from the Finnish Cleft Center. We also studied associations between serum lipid fatty acids and early breast milk intake, cognitive development in terms of preschool language learning and school achievement. The fatty acid profiles of serum lipids did not differ between boys and girls. The proportion of myristic acid in serum cholesteryl esters (CE) was higher and proportion of nervonic acid in phospholipids (PL) lower in children with isolated palatal clefts than in those with submucuous clefts. Out of the present children, 30% and 60% received breast milk less than 1 or 3 months, respectively. The proportions of docosahexaenoic acid in CE and in PL were significantly higher in the children whose breast milk intake was longer than 3 months. The number of children requiring special education was higher among those who received breast milk less than 1 month than among those with longer breast milk intake. In conclusion, the fatty acid profiles of serum lipids seem to be comparable among children with different cleft types. Short breast milk intake was associated with poorer school performance.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility, construct validity, and preferences for the 2-item Stress/Urge Incontinence Questionnaire. METHODS: The questionnaire asks a patient to recall the number of stress urinary incontinence and urge urinary incontinence episodes she experienced during the preceding week. The 4-week prospective study included 3 office visits and enrolled women with stress, urge, or mixed urinary incontinence symptoms. The test-retest reproducibility was assessed after 3 days, and the construct validity of the questionnaire was evaluated against a diary and other measures of incontinence severity and effect. The bother associated with completing (patients) or analyzing (physicians) the diary was assessed. Both groups also reported their time requirements and preferences for the questionnaire or diary. RESULTS: Reproducibility for the classification of symptoms was moderately strong (kappa = .536). Test-retest agreement was good (64-80%) for all but balanced mixed incontinence (38%). Intraclass correlations revealed good reproducibility for the number of stress (.694), urge (.703), and total (.726) incontinence episodes. Significant (P < .01) correlations with other measures of incontinence established construct validity. Patients and physicians reported it took less time to complete the questionnaire than the diary, but the majority said the completion or analysis of the diary was of little or no bother and preferred the diary. CONCLUSION: The Stress/Urge Incontinence Questionnaire is a valid tool that can be used in clinical practice to differentiate between symptoms of stress and urge urinary incontinence to make an initial diagnosis, especially in primary care where incontinence is not a focus of the practice. 
In this study, the authors investigated the associations between socioeconomic status and exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE) in a cohort of inner-city African-American pregnant women. Data for this study were derived from the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center subcohort of the National Collaborative Perinatal Project. African-American women from whom venous blood had been collected during their third trimester of pregnancy during the time period between 1960 and 1965 were included in the current study (n = 152). Prenatal samples were assayed for PCB and DDE concentrations. The authors used linear-regression analysis to explore the association between socioeconomic indicators and PCB and DDE concentrations. Mean concentrations of the 4 most abundant congeners (i.e., PCB4) and total DDE were 3.9 microg/l and 37.2 microg/l, respectively. In adjusted analyses, income was associated significantly with an increase in serum concentrations of PCBs, whereas education was not. Neither income nor education was associated with concentrations of DDE. The authors concluded that maternal socioeconomic indicators may influence the effects of exposure to PCBs among African-American pregnant women.
A simple, rapid, sensitive and reproducible method based on solid-phase extraction (SPE) and acidified silica clean-up was developed for the measurement of 12 polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), including BDE 209, and 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexabromobiphenyl (BB 153) in human serum. Several solid-phase sorbents (Empore C(18), Isolute Phenyl, Isolute ENV+ and OASIS HLB) were tested and it was found that OASIStrade mark HLB (500 mg) gives the highest absolute recoveries (between 64% and 95%, R.S.D.<17%, n=3) for all tested analytes and internal standards. Removal of co-extracted biogenic materials was performed using a 6 ml disposable cartridge containing (from bottom to top) silica impregnated with sulphuric acid, activated silica and anhydrous sodium sulphate. PBDEs and BB 153 were quantified using a gas chromatograph coupled with a mass spectrometer (MS) operated in electron-capture negative ionization mode. The method limits of quantification (LOQ) ranged between 0.2 and 25 pg/ml serum (0.1 and 4 ng/g lipid weight). LOQs were dependent on the analyte levels in procedural blanks which resulted in the highest LOQs for PBDE congeners found in higher concentrations in blanks (e.g. BDE 47, 99 and 209). The use of OASIS HLB SPE cartridge allowed a good method repeatability (within- and between-day precision<12% for all congeners, except for BDE 209<17%, n=3). The method was applied to serum samples from a random Belgian population. The obtained results were within the range of PBDE levels in other non-exposed population from Europe.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are thought to cause numerous adverse health effects, but their impact on estrogen signaling is still not fully understood. In the present study, we used the ER-CALUX bioassay to determine estrogenic/antiestrogenic activities of the prevalent PCB congeners and PCB mixtures isolated from human male serum. The samples were collected from residents of an area with an extensive environmental contamination from a former PCB production site as well as from a neighboring background region in eastern Slovakia. We found that the lower-chlorinated PCBs were estrogenic, whereas the prevalent higher-chlorinated PCB congeners 138, 153, 170, 180, 187, 194, 199, and 203, as well as major PCB metabolites, behaved as antiestrogens. Coplanar PCBs had no direct effect on estrogen receptor (ER) activation in this in vitro model. In human male serum samples, high levels of PCBs were associated with a decreased ER-mediated activity and an increased dioxin-like activity, as determined by the DR-CALUX assay. 17beta-Estradiol (E2) was responsible for a major part of estrogenic activity identified in total serum extracts. Significant negative correlations were found between dioxin-like activity, as well as mRNA levels of cytochromes P450 1A1 and 1B1 in lymphocytes, and total estrogenic activity. For sample fractions containing only persistent organic pollutants (POPs), the increased frequency of antiestrogenic samples was associated with a higher sum of PCBs. This suggests that the prevalent non-dioxin-like PCBs were responsible for the weak antiestrogenic activity of some POPs fractions. Our data also suggest that it might be important to pay attention to direct effects of PCBs on steroid hormone levels in heavily exposed subjects.
OBJECTIVE: Patients with rectal cancer receive curative radiotherapy towards the pelvis for 5 weeks. Little is known about the impact of radiotherapy on dietary intake and nutritional status. The objective was to examine whether curative radiotherapy for rectal cancer promoted altered intake of energy and nutrients, and change in nutritional indicators. DESIGN: Prospective study. SETTING: Department of Oncology in a tertiary care hospital. SUBJECTS: A total of 31 consecutive patients receiving radiotherapy for rectal cancer (50 Gray). INTERVENTIONS: A 7-day food intake registration, body weight, upper arm circumference, and analyses of blood samples were performed at the start and the end of radiotherapy, and at follow-up 4-6 weeks and 1 year after the end of radiotherapy. RESULTS: At the end of 5 weeks of radiotherapy, the mean daily energy intake was reduced by 15% from 8.9 to 7.6 MJ as compared with baseline (P = 0.002), and the intake of several nutrients was reduced (P < 0.01). The percentages of energy derived from fat, protein, and carbohydrates did not change, nor did the nutrient density. A transient body weight reduction of < 1 kg was observed (P = 0.009). Serum concentrations of vitamin A and 25-OH vitamin D did not change during radiotherapy. The daily intake of energy and nutrients, and body weight, had increased towards pretreatment values 4-6 weeks after radiotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: Radiotherapy for rectal cancer caused a transient reduction in energy intake and nutritional indicators. The nutritional quality of the diet was unchanged during radiotherapy. 
Pathogen attachment is a crucial early step in mucosal infections. This step is mediated by important virulence factors, such as surface proteins. Clostridium difficile surface proteins have been identified as (i) adhesins (the flagellar cap protein FliD; the flagellin FliC; and the cell wall protein Cwp 66 with a two domain-structure [Cw 66 N-terminal and Cwp 66 C-terminal domains]) and (ii) protease (the Cwp 84 protein). To address the roles of these proteins in the pathogenesis of Clostridium difficile and to identify vaccine antigen candidates, we analyzed the variability of the proteins and their immunogenicities in 17 patients with C. difficile-associated disease. PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis of amplified gene products revealed interstrain homogeneity with fliC and fliD, in contrast to cwp 66 genes. Immunoblot analysis showed that FliC and FliD were detected in the majority of isolates. The N-terminal domain of Cwp 66 and Cwp 84 were present in all strains tested, in contrast to the Cwp 66 C-terminal domain, the expression of which was heterogeneous. The 17 sera from the corresponding patients were analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay to detect antibodies directed against these proteins. Many patients developed antibodies to FliC, FliD, Cwp 84, and the Cwp 66 C-terminal domain, but not to the Cwp 66 N-terminal domain. In conclusion, this study confirms the expression of these surface proteins of C. difficile during the course of the disease. In addition, the FliC, FliD, and Cwp 84 proteins appeared to be good potential vaccine candidates.
BACKGROUND: The relationship between coronary risk score (CRS), individual coronary risk factors and the serum inflammatory markers, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), ceruloplasmin (Cp), and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) was studied in 140 Saudi males without clinically evident coronary heart disease (CHD). METHODS: One hundred forty subjects without clinically evident CHD were categorized into age tertiles. Demographic data together with an estimate of CRS using Framingham and PROCAM algorithms were obtained, and serum lipid profile, glucose, hsCRP, sICAM-1, and Cp were measured. Macronutrient intake was assessed by a questionnaire. The relationship between CRS, biochemical markers and diet was assessed by univariate and multivariate analysis. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in median hsCRP, sICAM-1 or Cp between the age groups. Serum Cp was positively associated with age (r=0.224, p<0.01) and FRS score (r=0.174, p<0.05). Serum sICAM-1 was negatively associated with PROCAM score (r=-0.183, p<0.05). sICAM-1 was positively associated with HDL cholesterol (r=0.36, p<0.0001) among non-diabetics and negatively associated (r=-0.397, p<0.05) among diabetic subjects. Age and dietary intake of saturated fatty acids together explained 7.9% of the variation in serum Cp level in a stepwise multiple regression model. Similarly 6.5% of the variation in serum sICAM-1 level was explained by the total cholesterol/HDL-C ratio. The youngest tertile of the group (<30 y) had the highest dietary intake of energy, fat and saturated fatty acids (p<0.05), and also had a high prevalence of obesity, smoking and sedentary lifestyle. CONCLUSION: We have demonstrated that there is a high prevalence of coronary risk factors and poor dietary intake within a Saudi male population, and that dietary factors are associated with serum sICAM-1 and ceruloplasmin but not hsCRP concentrations in this group. 
We developed a gas chromatography isotope-dilution high-resolution mass spectrometry (GC/ID-HRMS) method for measuring 14 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites representing seven parent PAHs in 3 mL of urine at low parts-per-trillion levels. PAH levels were determined in urine samples collected in 1999 and 2000 from approximately 2400 participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, and, for the first time, reference range values were calculated for these metabolites in the US population. Using this GC/ID-HRMS method, we found detectable concentrations for monohydroxy metabolite isomers of fluorene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, pyrene, and chrysene, benzo[c]phenanthrene, and benz[a]anthracene. Some monohydroxy metabolite isomers of benzo[c]phenanthrene, chrysene, and benz[a]anthracene exhibited low detection frequencies that did not allow for geometric mean calculations. Our study results enabled us to establish a reference range for the targeted PAHs in the general US population.
The main goal of this study is to establish the reference values of individual Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners in non-occupationally exposed subjects. Since the PCB pattern in human serum is related to the living area, two different population groups from North and Central Italy, were compared. Serum concentrations of both coplanar and non-coplanar PCB congeners were measured by using gas chromatography coupled with low-resolution mass spectrometry (HRGC-LRMS). A fast and reliable method for the determination of 60 congeners had been previously validated. Its reliability was further verified by using high-resolution mass spectrometry. Thirty-one congeners out of 60 were found at detectable concentrations in at least one sample. The mean value for total PCBs was found to be 2.48 and 3.93 microg/L for the two population groups. Eight dioxin-like PCBs were detected. In accordance with the findings from the literature, the most abundant congeners were found to be 153, 138, 180, and 170. Both univariate and multivariate analysis showed that age is a significant determinant of PCB concentrations. The correlation increased with increasing chlorination. Slight differences in the PCB pattern were observed in the two population groups.
The aim of this study is to examine the association between transplacental exposure to dioxins/polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and thyroid and growth hormones in newborns. We recruited 118 pregnant women, between 25 and 34 years of age, at the obstetric clinic. Personal data collected included reproductive and medical histories and physical factors. Clinicians gathered placental and umbilical cord serum upon delivery and carefully scored the 118 newborns, making both structural and functional assessments. We analyzed placentas for 17 polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans and 12 dioxin-like PCB congeners with the World Health Organization-defined toxic equivalent factors, and six indicator PCBs by high-resolution gas chromatography and high-resolution mass spectrometry. We analyzed thyroid and growth hormones from cord serum using radioimmunoassay. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1, IGF-binding globulin-3, and thyroxine x thyroid-stimulating hormone (T4 x TSH) were significantly associated with increased placental weight and Quetelet index (in kilograms per square meter; correlation coefficient r = 0.2-0.3; p < 0.05). Multivariate analyses showed independently and significantly decreased free T4 (FT4) x TSH with increasing non-ortho PCBs (r = -0.2; p < 0.05). We suggest that significant FT4 feedback alterations to the hypothalamus result from in utero exposure to non-ortho PCBs. Considering the vast existence of bioaccumulated dioxins and PCBs and the resultant body burden in modern society, we suggest routine screening of both thyroid hormone levels and thyroid function in newborns.
CONTEXT: Adequate vitamin D status for optimum bone health has received increased recognition in recent years; however, the ideal intake is not known. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D is the generally accepted indicator of vitamin D status, but no universal reference level has been reached. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relative importance of high calcium intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D for calcium homeostasis, as determined by serum intact parathyroid hormone (PTH). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Cross-sectional study of 2310 healthy Icelandic adults who were divided equally into 3 age groups (30-45 years, 50-65 years, or 70-85 years) and recruited from February 2001 to January 2003. They were administered a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, which assessed vitamin D and calcium intake. Participants were further divided into groups according to calcium intake (<800 mg/d, 800-1200 mg/d, and >1200 mg/d) and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level (<10 ng/mL, 10-18 ng/mL, and >18 ng/mL). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Serum intact PTH as determined by calcium intake and vitamin D. RESULTS: A total of 944 healthy participants completed all parts of the study. After adjusting for relevant factors, serum PTH was lowest in the group with a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level of more than 18 ng/mL but highest in the group with a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level of less than 10 ng/mL. At the low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level (<10 ng/mL), calcium intake of less than 800 mg/d vs more than 1200 mg/d was significantly associated with higher serum PTH (P = .04); and at a calcium intake of more than 1200 mg/d, there was a significant difference between the lowest and highest vitamin D groups (P = .04). CONCLUSIONS: As long as vitamin D status is ensured, calcium intake levels of more than 800 mg/d may be unnecessary for maintaining calcium metabolism. Vitamin D supplements are necessary for adequate vitamin D status in northern climates. 
Protein profiling with mass spectrometry is a promising approach for classification and identification of biomarkers; however, there is debate about measurement quality and reliability. Here, we present a pipeline for preprocessing, statistical data analysis and presentation. Serum samples of 16 healthy individuals are used to generate protein profiles with high-resolution MALDI-TOF after isolation of peptides with C8 magnetic beads. Analysis of variance was performed after binning, baseline correction and normalization of the mean spectra. Relative variations in the spectra are expressed as coefficient of variation, which depending on the respective preanalytical variation parameter investigated, was found to range between 0.15 and 0.67 in this study. With this novel method, the reproducibility of our protein profiling procedure could be quantified. We showed that circadian rhythm and the number of freeze-thaw cycles had relatively limited influence on serum protein profiles, whereas the period between collection and serum centrifugation had a more pronounced effect.
Vitamin E and probucol are well-known antioxidants that prevent cells from the oxidative stress, which is a risk factor of atherosclerosis. Male rabbits were fed either 0.03% vitamin E or 0.05% probucol in a 0.5% high-cholesterol (HC) diet for 8 weeks. Vitamin E and probucol significantly suppressed an increase in plasma total-cholesterol (total-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol compared to HC-control group. However, plasma high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and HDL-C/total-C ratio levels and plasma paraoxonase activity were only significantly higher in vitamin E group after 8 weeks. Hepatic ACAT activity was significantly lower in both vitamin E and probucol groups than in HC-control group, while HMG-CoA reductase activity was the highest only in the probucol group. Total fecal sterol content was significantly higher in probucol and vitamin E groups than in the two control groups. Some atherogenic signs were discovered in the aortic fatty streak of HC-control group, yet not in other groups. Hepatic mRNA expressions of apo B-100 and apo C-III were significantly lower in probucol group than in other groups. Vitamin E supplementation was found to alter the plasma HDL-C-related factors; meanwhile, probucol supplementation was very effective in enhancing cholesterol metabolism, except for a negative effect that reduced plasma HDL-C concentration.
To assess how the human exposure to environmental carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) pollution sources generated from industrial, traffic and rural settings, we present a probabilistic risk model, appraised with reported empirical data. A probabilistic risk assessment framework is integrated with the potency equivalence factors (PEFs), age group-specific occupancy probability and the incremental lifetime cancer risk (ILCR) approaches to quantitatively estimate the exposure risk for three age groups of adults, children, and infants. The benzo[a]pyrene equivalents based PAH concentrations in rural, traffic, and industrial areas associated with age group-specific occupancy probability at different environmental settings are used to calculate daily exposure level through inhalation and dermal contact pathways. Risk analysis indicates that the inhalation-ILCR and dermal contact-ILCR values for adults follow a lognormal distribution with geometric mean 1.04x10(-4) and 3.85x10(-5) and geometric standard deviation 2.10 and 2.75, respectively, indicating high potential cancer risk; whereas for the infants the risk values are less than 10(-6), indicating no significant cancer risk. Sensitivity analysis indicates that the input variables of cancer slope factor and daily inhalation exposure level have the greater impact than that of body weight on the inhalation-ILCR; whereas for the dermal-ILCR, particle-bound PAH-to-skin adherence factor and daily dermal exposure level have the significant influence than that of body weight.
Each year thousands of healthy volunteers undergo apheresis procedures to donate blood components and safe lives. However, many disposables used in apheresis contain di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP). This way, donors are exposed to DEHP, which is a reproductive and developmental toxicant in animals and a suspected endocrine modulator in humans. We quantified the DEHP exposure of six plasma donors, six discontinuous-flow platelet donors and six continuous-flow platelet donors by determining three specific metabolites in urine (5OH-MEHP: mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate; 5oxo-MEHP: mono(2-ethyl-5-oxo-hexyl)phthalate and MEHP: mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate). We found maximum concentrations in urine samples after the discontinuous-flow plateletpheresis procedure with 826 microg/l for 5OH-MEHP, 774 microg/l for 5oxo-MEHP and 266 microg/l for MEHP (mean of the six volunteers). Metabolite excretions were found to be significantly (p<0.0001) higher for both plateletpheresis techniques compared to plasmapheresis and controls. Continuous-flow plateletpheresis led to significantly higher (p<0.0001) excretions than discontinuous-flow plateletpheresis. Mean absolute DEHP exposures were 1.2 mg for discontinuous- and 2.1 mg for continuous-flow plateletpheresis. Exposure for plasmapheresis (0.37 mg) was in the range of the controls (0.41 mg). Mean DEHP doses for both plateletpheresis techniques (18.1 and 32.3 microg/kg/day) were close to or exceeded the reference dose (RfD) of the US EPA and tolerable daily intake (TDI) value of the EU on the day of the apheresis. Therefore, margins of safety might be insufficient to protect especially young men and women in their reproductive age from effects on reproductivity. At present, discontinuous-flow devices should be preferred to avert conceivable health risks from plateletpheresis donors. Strategies to avoid DEHP exposure of donors during apheresis need to be developed.
OBJECTIVE: To validate the Italian version of two questionnaires for lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), i.e. the long (LF) and the short form (SF) of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire (ICIQ). METHODS: Two native Italian speakers and a native English speaker collaborated with clinical investigators through a multistep process to obtain a consensus version of the questionnaires. The resulting Italian versions were then pre-tested during a pilot study on 16 women for the LF and 10 for the SF. The final versions of the ICIQ-LF and ICIQ-SF were administered to two samples of consecutive female patients, aged > or = 18 years, who had been having LUTS for > or = 3 months, with respectively 82 and 50 women. Internal consistency and test-retest reliability were then assessed; to evaluate the latter, a subset of patients (25 for the ICIQ-LF and 42 for ICIQ-SF) was re-rated. To test the capacity of the questionnaires to discriminate women with or without LUTS (respectively cases and controls), a sample of healthy women was also enrolled and assessed. RESULTS: Both scales showed good psychometric properties overall. The correlation coefficient between ratings was > 0.75 in both questionnaires, and the discriminant power between cases and controls was confirmed for both scales. The ICIQ-SF showed good internal consistency for the total score (Cronbach's alpha 0.90). The sections of the ICIQ-LF 'impact of incontinence on everyday life', 'emotional aspects', 'urinary symptoms' and the degree of bother seemed to be internally consistent (Cronbach's alpha > 0.70); there was a weak relationship for items related to 'sexual matters' (Cronbach's alpha 0.38). CONCLUSION: The Italian version of both questionnaires is a valid and robust instrument which can now be used reliably both in daily practice and in clinical research. 
This study aimed to evaluate serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) levels in electric-arc-furnace workers according to their corresponding occupational exposure. In addition, the ambient PCDD/Fs of the work environment were measured to provide additional support for the exposure and accumulation inside the electric arc furnace. The ambient PCDD/F concentrations inside the electric arc furnace were 1.557-1.917 pg-TEQ/Nm(3), 5-24 folds higher than those outside (0.080-0.385 pg-TEQ/N m(3)). In addition, higher average serum levels were measured in the workers with high occupational dioxin exposure (24.0 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid) than in those with lower occupational dioxin exposure (13.8 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid). Higher PCDFs/PCDDs ratios were found in serum samples from high-exposure groups than in low-exposure groups. The higher ratio of PCDFs/PCDDs was also found in ambient samples consistent with other metallurgical processes reported previously. Our results suggest that PCDD/Fs exposure exits in the smelting process of electric arc furnace, and the occupational hygiene should be taken more seriously concern in that workplace.
OBJECTIVES: The aim was to determine whether occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in men has adverse effect on semen quality. METHODS: Forty-eight coke-oven workers, including 16 topside-oven (TO) workers and 32 sideoven (SO) workers, were studied. Ambient PAHs exposure, urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) levels, and parameters of semen quality were determined. RESULTS: TO workers had significantly higher ambient PAHs exposure (3,436.1+/-3,411.0 vs. 1,123.1+/-1,829.3 ng/m3, P < 0.01), urinary 1-OHP levels (207.8+/-176.4 vs. 54.0+/-44.8 microg/g, P < 0.001), frequency of oligospermia (18.8 vs. 0%, P < 0.05), and morphological abnormality in sperm (32.3 vs. 14.6%, P < 0.01) than SO workers. Among cigarette smokers, TO workers had significantly higher rates of DNA denaturation in spermatozoa (alphaT) and percentage of sperm with increased DNA denaturation (COMP alphaT) levels than SO workers (246.2+/-49.5 vs. 198.1+/-30.3 for alphaT; 34.8+/-14.4 vs. 19.3+/-13.9% for COMP alphaT, P < 0.05). There was a positive correlation between urinary 1-OHP and alphaT, COMP alphaT, and abnormal sperm morphology and a tenfold increase in urinary 1-OHP associated with a 2.35-fold increase in alphaT, as well as a 1.07-fold increase in percentage of sperm with abnormal morphology. CONCLUSIONS: A potential risk of sperm dysfunction should be considered for workers occupationally exposed to high levels of PAHs. Cigarette smoking may aggravate this risk. Urinary 1-OHP can be used as a biomarker predicting sperm dysfunction. 
BACKGROUND: Elevated serum total homocysteine (tHcy) concentration is implicated in the etiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD). A significant food source of B-vitamins involved in homocysteine metabolism is ready-to-eat cereal (RTEC) in the U.S. OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that tHcy concentration is inversely associated with RTEC intake and blood B-vitamin levels in the U.S. general population. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES 1999-2000). Data were stratified according to age and gender. Men and women > or = 19 y (n = 4,218) were classified as RTEC consumers (RTEC-C; n = 824) and RTEC non-consumers (RTEC-NC; n = 3,394) based on 24-hr dietary recall. RESULTS: Forty nine percent of participants showed folate intake with below the estimated average requirements (EARS). Serum folate and red blood cell (RBC) folate concentrations were increased with age in both genders, and significantly higher among RTEC-C than RTEC-NC (p < 0.05). Mean tHcy concentration increased with age, and was significantly lower among both men and women RTEC-C than among RTEC-NC. In multivariate linear regression analyses, RTEC consumption strongly predicted serum folate and tHcy concentrations. CONCLUSION: tHcy concentrations were significantly lower in RTEC-C among the majority of age/gender groups than in RTEC-NC. RTEC consumption may potentially reduce the risk for CVD, mediated through tHcy. 
Phthalates are industrial chemicals with many commercial applications. Because of their common usage, the general population is exposed to phthalates. A sensitive and selective analytical method is necessary to accurately determine the phthalate levels in serum. We improved our previously developed analytical method to measure nine phthalate metabolites in human serum by automating the solid-phase extraction (SPE) procedure and by including five additional phthalate metabolites: phthalic acid; mono-isobutyl phthalate, a metabolite of di-isobutyl phthalate; mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, a major oxidative metabolite of di-n-octyl phthalate; and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate, two oxidative metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate. Automation of the SPE eliminated the human variation associated with the manual SPE, thus improving the reproducibility of the measurements. Additional wash steps during SPE produced cleaner extracts and resulted in higher recoveries (80-99%) than the manual SPE method. Furthermore, the automated SPE method allowed for the unattended extraction of samples, with a concomitant increase in sample throughput compared to the manual SPE method. The method is accurate, precise, and sensitive, with limits of detection in the low nanogram-per-milliliter range.
BACKGROUND: Long-term frozen storage may alter the results of prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements, mainly because of degradation of free PSA (fPSA) in vitro. We compared the effects of long-term storage on fPSA, total PSA (tPSA), and complexed PSA (cPSA) in serum vs EDTA-plasma samples. METHODS: We measured fPSA and tPSA concentrations in matched pairs of archival serum and EDTA-plasma samples (stored frozen at -20 degrees C for 20 years) from a large population-based cohort in Malm, Sweden. We also compared concentrations in age-matched men with those in samples not subjected to long-term storage, obtained from participants in a population-based study of prostate cancer screening in Gteborg, Sweden. These contemporary samples were handled according to standardized preanalytical and analytical protocols aimed at minimizing in vitro degradation. tPSA and fPSA measurements were performed with a commercial assay (Prostatus Dual Assay; Perkin-Elmer Life Sciences). RESULTS: Concentrations of tPSA and fPSA and calculated cPSA (tPSA - fPSA) in archival plasma were not significantly different from those in contemporary serum from age-matched men. In archival serum, however, random variability of fPSA was higher vs plasma than in contemporary samples, whereas systematic error of fPSA analyses was similarly small in archival and contemporary serum and plasma. CONCLUSIONS: Concentrations of tPSA and calculated cPSA were highly stable in plasma and serum samples subjected to long-term storage at -20 degrees C. Greater random variability, rather than a systematic decrease, may explain differences in fPSA analyses observed in archival serum. 
The aim of this study was to determine the transfer kinetics of soil-bound polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to milk in lactating cows. Soil (500 g/day) fortified with fluorene (104 microg/g dry soil), phenanthrene (82 microg/g), pyrene (78 microg/g), and benzo[a]pyrene (33 microg/g) was administered to three dairy cows via a rumen cannulas for 28 consecutive days. Parent compounds and their major metabolites in milk were measured using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Secretion of parent compounds in milk did not increase significantly (P > 0.05) over the control values measured before supply. Target monohydroxylated metabolites were not detected in control samples, but 2-hydroxy fluorene, 3-hydroxy phenanthrene, and 1-hydroxy pyrene were present in milk by the second day of dosing. The highest concentrations of metabolites in milk (31-39 ng/mL) were for 1-hydroxy pyrene at days 7 and 14 of dosing. The observed plateaus for 3-hydroxy phenanthrene and 2-hydroxy fluorene were lower (respectively, 0.69 and 2.79 ng/mL) but significantly increased in comparison to the control samples. Contrarily, 3-hydroxy benzo[a]pyrene was not detected in milk at any sampling time. These results suggested a notable metabolism of the parent compounds after their extraction from soil during the digestive transfer. Thus, the metabolization of fluorene and pyrene can lead to higher concentrations of metabolites than of parent compounds in milk. Despite the absence of a significant transfer of parent PAHs to milk, the appearance of metabolites raises the questions of their impact on human health.
OBJECTIVE: Individual urinary iodine concentration (UIC) reflects iodine intake over a short time prior to sampling. Since eating habits are relatively constant in single subjects, UIC should be relatively constant in a given individual. The aim of our study was to verify this hypothesis by assessing UIC in repeated single urine samples from a group of healthy subjects. DESIGN AND SETTING: A prospective sequential investigation was performed in 131 volunteer health workers or students recruited in our University hospital. INTERVENTIONS: Single urine samples were taken in a nonfasting state, between 0900 and 1100 hours. Group 1 was composed by 131 subjects who collected one urine sample. Group 2 was composed by 11 subjects of the group 1, who collected multiple repeated urine samples (as a whole 158 urine samples, mean 14 samples each). UIC mean+/-s.d., median and coefficient of variation (CV%) was measured in both groups. RESULTS: Interindividual UIC variation was wide, UIC ranging from 21 to 382 microg/l, mean 136+/-84 microg/l, median 124 microg/l, CV 62%. Also in the 11 subjects repeatedly sampling there were considerable differences among individual UIC average levels (ranging from 37+/-15 to 221+/-91 microg/l). However, in this second group, the intraindividual variation was considerably restricted (CV% 36). CONCLUSIONS: The present study shows that in a nonfasting state in mid-morning UIC is more stable from day to day in a single subject, depending on his eating habits, than in various subjects. Thus, a single urine sample even in nonfasting state may give some rough information about the individual's iodine status. 
An evaluation of the antigenotoxic potential of beer components against carcinogens contained in the human diet, namely heterocyclic amines (HCAs) including 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), was determined. The protective mechanism involved was also investigated. Beer samples were found to inhibit the mutagenicity of HCAs in the Ames test. Beer solution, consisting of a freeze-dried and dissolved sample, given as drink-water significantly reduced the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts in mouse colon and lung compared to control mice fed with PhIP in the absence of beer solution. Furthermore, beer solution added in the diet as a food additive mimic significantly reduced the amount of DNA adducts present in the liver and lung of mice fed with PhIP. In an effort to investigate the mechanism responsible for the observed protective effect, the effect of beer solutions on HCA metabolizing enzymes was investigated. Beer solutions inhibited the activity of CYP1A1 and CYP1A2, as determined from deethylation and demethylation assays using 7-ethoxy- and 7-methoxyresolufin, respectively. Considering the overall suppression of PhIP genotoxicity by beer, this study confirmed that beer components can interfere with the enzyme activity involved in the metabolism of HCAs and subsequently suppress the observed genotoxicity. The results of this study showed that beer components act in a protective capacity against the genotoxic effects of heterocyclic amines in vivo.
BACKGROUND: Findings from epidemiological studies suggest an inverse relationship between individuals' protein intake and their blood pressure. METHODS: Cross-sectional epidemiological study of 4680 persons, aged 40 to 59 years, from 4 countries. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure was measured 8 times at 4 visits. Dietary intake based on 24-hour dietary recalls was recorded 4 times. Information on dietary supplements was noted. Two 24-hour urine samples were obtained per person. RESULTS: There was a significant inverse relationship between vegetable protein intake and blood pressure. After adjusting for confounders, blood pressure differences associated with higher vegetable protein intake of 2.8% kilocalories were -2.14 mm Hg systolic and -1.35 mm Hg diastolic (P<.001 for both); after further adjustment for height and weight, these differences were -1.11 mm Hg systolic (P<.01) and -0.71 mm Hg diastolic (P<.05). For animal protein intake, significant positive blood pressure differences did not persist after adjusting for height and weight. For total protein intake (which had a significant interaction with sex), there was no significant association with blood pressure in women, nor in men after adjusting for dietary confounders. There were significant differences in the amino acid content of the diets of persons with high vegetable and low animal protein intake vs the diets of persons with low vegetable and high animal protein intake. CONCLUSIONS: Vegetable protein intake was inversely related to blood pressure. This finding is consistent with recommendations that a diet high in vegetable products be part of healthy lifestyle for prevention of high blood pressure and related diseases. 
High levels of PCBs were recently found in soil, food and some farmers living close to a chemical factory which until the 1980s had produced polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in Brescia, North Italy. We performed a survey on a random sample of subjects aged 20-79 years living in various areas of the town with different levels of soil pollution to investigate factors associated with increased levels of PCB in serum (24 congeners were tested). Total PCB values were closely related to age (Spearman r=0.68; p<0.0001). The 166 consumers of locally produced food had higher PCB levels than non-consumers (median=1143 versus 719; 95th centile=9301 versus 2635ng/g lipid) with the highest levels among consumers of food produced in the most contaminated area close to the factory (median=2551; 95th centile=33464ng/g lipid). A dose-effect relationship between consumption of food produced in this area and PCB blood levels was observed (Spearman r=0.52, p=0.0014). Consumers of only plant food produced in this area had higher levels of PCB than non-consumers (median=1100; 95th centile=10,800ng/g lipid). Three subjects who had worked at the factory in the past showed high PCB levels. Distribution of PCB congeners did not differ between consumers of locally produced food and non-consumers, apart from PCB 209 which was found at high levels in former factory workers and was more common among consumers of food produced in the polluted area. In conclusion, we found high serum PCB levels in humans living in a highly polluted area in an industrialized town in Italy, due mainly to consumption of food produced in polluted areas.
PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review compares fatty acid biomarkers to assess compliance in dietary intervention trials with their application in epidemiological studies. RECENT FINDINGS: Although many studies have used fatty acid biomarkers to assess compliance in short-term dietary intervention trials and habitual diets in observational studies, there is little information on the reliability and comparability of these measures. In this review, we summarize the usefulness and limitations of fatty acid biomarkers in clinical and epidemiological studies. As there are very few recent publications in this area, a complete literature review is provided. SUMMARY: Several options are available for the biological assessment of dietary fatty acids. The type of study (short or long-term), the metabolic characteristics and expected variability in the fatty acids of interest are major considerations when determining which tissues reflect a better measure of true intake. Certain fatty acids may not be suitable to assess differences in intake under non-isocaloric conditions and when trying to identify small differences. Serum cholesterol ester is the most suitable serum fraction to assess short-term dietary compliance, but given the multiple factors that affect response, the quantification of compliance should be interpreted with caution. Adipose tissue is the biomarker of choice for long-term intake, but a preferred blood constituent (plasma versus erythrocytes) is difficult to establish given the data available to date. Future studies should explore the use of whole blood as an alternative choice to measure fatty acid intake in epidemiological studies. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability and validity of a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and database designed to quantify phytoestrogen consumption. METHODS: This study included 195 members of the California Teachers Study (CTS) cohort who, over a 10-month period, completed four 24-h dietary recalls, a pre- and post-study FFQ, and provided two 24-h urine specimens. Participants (n = 106) in a parallel study (and 18 women who dropped out of the long-term study) completed a single recall and FFQ, and provided one 24-h urine specimen. Urinary phytoestrogens were determined using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Reliability and validity were evaluated using Shrout-Fleiss intraclass correlations and energy-adjusted deattenuated Pearson correlations, respectively. RESULTS: Correlations reflecting the reproducibility of the FFQ phytoestrogen assessment ranged from 0.67 to 0.81. Validity correlations (FFQ compared to dietary recalls) ranged from 0.67 to 0.79 for the major phytoestrogenic compounds (i.e., daidzein, genistein, and secoisolariciresinol) and 0.43 to 0.54 for the less common compounds. Compared to urinary levels, validity correlations ranged from 0.41 to 0.55 for the isoflavones and 0.16 to 0.21 for total lignans. CONCLUSION: Our isoflavone assessment is reproducible, valid, and an excellent tool for evaluating the relationship with disease risk in non-Asian populations. Further research is needed before these tools can accurately be used to assess lignan consumption. 
Considering the presence of polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs) in human milk and cord blood, and the estrogenic activity of some congeners, it is conceivable that PBDEs may interact with developing neuroendocrine systems. We investigated effects of 2,2',4,4',5-pentabromo-DE (PBDE 99), a major congener in human milk, on development of brain and reproductive organs, with focus on estrogen target gene expression. Time-pregnant Long Evans rats were subcutaneously injected with PBDE 99 (1 or 10 mg/kg/day), the PCB mixture Aroclor 1254 (10 mg/kg/day), known to interfere with sexual development, or vehicle, from gestational day (GD) 10 to GD 18. In female offspring, anogenital distance was unaffected by PBDE 99 but increased by Aroclor; puberty (vaginal opening) was not significantly changed. Adult PBDE 99-exposed offspring exhibited unchanged uterine weight but increased ovarian weight. Uterine mRNA levels of estrogen target genes were determined by real-time PCR. Progesterone receptor (PR) mRNA was down-regulated at both PBDE 99 doses, estrogen receptor alpha (ER alpha), ER beta and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were up-regulated at the lower dose. Aroclor induced different effect patterns. In order to investigate possible changes in sensitivity of target genes to estrogen, some offspring were ovariectomized at 10 weeks of age, s.c. injected with estradiol-17beta (E2, 10 microg/kg) or vehicle at 12 weeks, and sacrificed 6 h later. PBDE 99 dose-dependently reduced the magnitude of IGF-I mRNA induction by E2, and increased the magnitude of ER beta repression. PBDE 99 also influenced baseline levels of PR, IGF-I and ER beta mRNAs in ovariectomized, vehicle-injected controls. These data indicate that developmental exposure to PBDE 99 at doses devoid of general toxicity, affects the regulation of estrogen target genes in uterus. Since PBDE 99 was detected in blood and adipose tissue of adult offspring, these effects may result from interactions with developmental processes, adult functions, or a combination of both.
The human Polyomavirus BK (BKV) contains a hypervariable non-coding control region (NCCR), which regulates DNA replication and RNA transcription. The aim of this study was to characterize BKV NCCR-variants in kidney biopsies and urine samples from renal-transplant patients and to see whether there is any association between NCCR variability and BKV-nephropathy. Kidney biopsies and urine samples were examined from 11 patients with elevated serum creatinine and >5,000 genomic BKV copies per ml of urine. BKV-nephropathy was diagnosed in seven patients. Using PCR, BKV NCCR was amplified from urine from all BKV-nephropathy patients. The dominant NCCR corresponded to the archetype (WWT). In addition, a total of 14 non-archetype NCCR-variants were detected. Thirteen of these NCCR-variants were found in urine from one single BKV-nephropathy patient also suffering from hepatitis C. The NCCR of BKV was amplified from kidney biopsies of six BKV-nephropathy patients. Three patients demonstrated WWT NCCR, while three other patients harbored rearranged NCCR variants. The WWT NCCR was also detected in urine from control patients, except for one patient who harbored two non-archetypal NCCR variants. However, these variants were not resulting from complex rearrangements but instead had a linear NCCR anatomy with deletion(s) in the P-block. No BKV DNA was detected in biopsies from control patients. The results indicate that rearranged BKV NCCR is associated with BKV-nephropathy.
OBJECTIVES: (1) To help identify patients with poor adherence and (2) to identify potential reasons that impede or facilitate adherence. METHODS: Seventeen patients who used antihypertensive drugs participated in semi-standardized interviews. Interviews were recorded and reviewed by two investigators. Forty-four items were selected. An exploratory factor analysis was performed. Convergent validity was assessed by evaluating the association between sum scores on the identified subscales and three other adherence measures: (1) the Brief Medication Questionnaire (BMQ), (2) pharmacy refill records and (3) electronic monitoring. Regression analysis was used to evaluate the magnitude of associations. RESULTS: Two hundred and fifty-five (90%) patients completed the questionnaire. Factor analysis resulted in a four-factor solution, explaining 30% of cumulative variance among respondents. The factors (scales) were labeled: positive attitude towards health care and medication (I), lack of discipline (II), aversion towards medication (III) and active coping with health problems (IV). Chronbach's alpha coefficient was 0.75, 0.80, 0.63 and 0.76 for scales I, II, III and IV, respectively. Convergent validity was partly supported by statistically significant associations that were found between sum scores of subscales 1 and II and the BMQ and electronic monitoring, respectively. CONCLUSION: The MUAH-questionnaire has excellent psychometric properties and may be useful to identify factors that impede or facilitate adherence. However, it is not clear to what extent the questionnaire measures actual adherence. PRACTICE IMPLICATIONS: Validation of the MUAH-questionnaire in other studies is needed. 
BACKGROUND: The decision regarding an immunotherapy regimen for venom-allergic patients is based on the results of skin testing and serum venom specific IgE measurements. However, their reliability has been questioned, and their reproducibility has not been examined. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility and reliability of the results of skin testing and serum venom specific IgE measurement in venom-allergic patients. METHODS: Patients with a systemic reaction after an insect sting were evaluated twice, 2 to 6 weeks apart, by intradermal skin tests and by determination of serum venom specific IgE to Hymenoptera venoms. RESULTS: Thirty-five patients were evaluated 1 to 168 months (mean, 23 months) after the sting reaction. Reproducibility of skin test results for all venoms at the 2 sessions was found in 23 patients (66%). Reproducibility of venom specific IgE results for all venoms was found in 16 (59%) of 27 patients from whom 2 blood samples were available for evaluation. Concordance between skin test and venom specific IgE results for all venoms was found in 30 (51%) of 59 samples available for evaluation. CONCLUSIONS: The reproducibility of venom skin test and serum venom specific IgE results is relatively poor. It is common practice for therapeutic decisions regarding venom immunotherapy to be based on a single diagnostic evaluation. Consequently, many patients are either overtreated or undertreated. Better diagnostic methods are required in venom allergy. 
BACKGROUND: Tea consumption has been inversely related to the risk of cardiovascular disease, but the mechanism behind this cardioprotective role is not fully understood. In vitro and animal model studies suggest an anti-oxidative and/or anti-inflammatory role. We aimed at investigating the association between tea drinking and indicators of low-grade inflammation in humans. METHODS: We used observational data from 1031 healthy men participating in a larger cross-sectional study (BELSTRESS). Tea consumption was determined according to a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Blood samples were analysed for C-reactive protein (CRP), serum amyloid A (SAA), serum haptoglobin and plasma fibrinogen. RESULTS: Of all participants, 22% consumed tea regularly while 10% drank more than two cups per day. Tea drinkers were less obese, smoked less and drank less alcohol and coffee. CRP, SAA and haptoglobin were significantly associated with tea consumption, the effect being graded for SAA. Multivariate analysis did confirm the independence of the observed beneficial role of tea drinking. Fibrinogen levels were however not different between habitual tea consumers and non-consumers. Coffee drinking proved unrelated to chronic inflammation. CONCLUSION: Tea drinking might be of interest in reducing the inflammatory process underlying cardiovascular disease. In light of the fact that tea is the most consumed beverage in the world after water, our findings might be of importance from a public health perspective. 
OBJECTIVE: It is unclear why some patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) succeed ("responders") in recovering from malnutrition and growth faltering after treatment initiation whereas others fail to do so ("nonresponders"). We conducted a study to test the hypothesis that sustained high energy intake (increased EN) and normal plasma essential fatty acid status are critical determinants of treatment responsiveness within 2 years after diagnosis of CF. METHODS: A total of 71 CF children who had pancreatic insufficiency but not meconium ileus and were enrolled in the Wisconsin CF Neonatal Screening Project were studied. Responders were defined by having achieved adequate weight gain, as indicated by a recovery of weight z score (Wtz) comparable to Wtz at birth (WtzBR) within 2 years of diagnosis. Increased EN and sustained normal plasma linoleic acid level (increased pLA) were defined by achieving energy intake > or =120% of estimated requirement for > or =75% of the time and maintaining plasma LA > or =26% of total fatty acids for > or =75% of the time, respectively. RESULTS: Thirty-two (68%) screened patients and 13 (54%) patients whose CF was diagnosed conventionally recovered WtzBR within 2 years of diagnosis. Screened patients responded at significantly younger ages (mean/median: 6.3/4.3 months) than patients whose CF was diagnosed conventionally (mean/median: 15.8/11.8 months). Proportionately fewer screened patients (33%) achieved increased EN compared with patients whose CF was diagnosed conventionally (73%). However, more screened patients responded to increased EN and recovered WtzBR (91%) than patients whose CF was diagnosed conventionally (56%), although this difference was of borderline significance. Compared with having neither increased EN nor increased pLA, the likelihood of being a responder was greatest with combined increased EN and increased pLA, followed by increased EN only. The positive associations between increased EN and increased pLA to treatment responsiveness remained significant after adjustment for neonatal screening status, baseline height and weight status, and indices of pulmonary disease severity. CONCLUSION: Increased EN and increased pLA are critical in promoting adequate weight gain in children with newly diagnosed CF. 
BACKGROUND: The utility of fatty acids (FAs) as biomarkers of total fat intake is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We compared FA changes in red cells (RCs), plasma phospholipids (PLs), and cholesterol esters (CEs) in response to a low-fat diet (LFD) and a moderate-fat diet (MFD) and assessed whether individual or combination of FAs predict LFD. DESIGN: Postmenopausal women (n = 66) were randomly assigned to receive an LFD (17% of energy from fat) or an MFD (34% of energy from fat) for 6 wk. All foods were provided. FAs in diets and blood were determined by gas-liquid chromatography. FA changes between baseline and end of study were compared across diets by using t tests. FA predictors of an LFD were selected by logistic regression. RESULTS: Many FAs in RCs, PLs, and CEs responded differently to the 2 diets. Changes from baseline with an LFD for palmitic acid (16:0) (3-11% increase), behenic (22:0) and lignoceric (24:0) acids (3-20% decrease, in RCs and PLs only), cis-monounsaturated FA (MUFA) (25-35% increase), linoleic acid (18:2n-6) (11-13% decrease), trans octadecanoic acids (trans 18:1) (7-20% decrease), and n-6 highly unsaturated FA (HUFA) (2-8% increase) were significantly different from changes with an MFD. Individually, 18:2n-6 and trans 18:1 were strong predictors of an LFD [receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves: 0.92-0.80). A logistic regression model with trans 18:1, 18:2n-6, and vaccenic acid (18:1n-7) predicted an LFD with high specificity and sensitivity (ROC curves: 0.99). CONCLUSIONS: Saturated FA, cisMUFA, n-6 HUFA, and exogenous FAs greatly differed in their response to the LFD and MFD. Parallel responses were observed in RCs, PLs, and CEs. A model with a combination of FAs almost perfectly differentiated the consumption of 34% fat from that of 17% fat. 
The objective of this study was to assess blood concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and their polychlorobiphenylol (OH-PCB) metabolites in humans with a high seafood intake. Samples were obtained from pregnant women in the Faroe Islands in 1994-1995 and from their children at 7 years of age to examine maternal transfer of the compounds to their child, age-dependent metabolism, and temporal changes. Maternal serum was dominated by 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-47), while 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-153) prevailed in the children's serum seven years later. DecaBDE was present in both mothers and children up to 3 and 6 ng/g lipid weight, respectively. The sigmaPCB concentration in the children averaged about 60% of the concentrations in their mothers, with median levels for both above 1 microg/g lipid weight and .with similar PCB congener patterns. sigmaOH-PCB serum concentrations from the mothers and their children showed ranges of 1.8-36 ng/g wet weight (ww) and 0.49-22 ng/g ww, respectively, with all OH-PCB congener concentrations being lower in the children, except for 2,3,3',4',5-pentachloro-4-biphenylol (4-OH-CB107). Children at 7 years of age are exposed to PCBs at levels only slightly below those of their mothers, and the increased 4-OH-CB107 concentrations in children could be due to age-related differences in PCB metabolism. The PBDE concentrations were similar in both mothers and their children. The main persistent organic pollutant concentrations in the children are most probably due to other environmental exposure than maternal transfer.
Human metabolism of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is complex and yields mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and numerous oxidative metabolites. The oxidative metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (MECPP) and mono(2-carboxymethylhexyl) phthalate (MCMHP), have been considered to be better biomarkers for DEHP exposure assessment than MEHP because urinary levels of these metabolites are generally higher than MEHP, and their measurements are not subject to contamination. The urinary levels of the above metabolites, and of three other recently identified DEHP oxidative metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MECPrP), mono-2-(1-oxoethylhexyl) phthalate (MOEHP), and mono(2-ethyl-4-carboxybutyl) phthalate (MECBP), were measured in 129 adults. MECPP, MCMHP and MEHHP were present in all the samples analysed. MEHP and the other oxidative metabolites were detected less frequently: MEOHP (99%), MECBP (88%), MECPrP (84%), MEHP (83%) and MOEHP (77%). The levels of all DEHP metabolites were highly correlated (p<0.0001) with each other, confirming a common parent. The ? and ?-1 oxidative metabolites (MECPP, MCMHP, MEHHP and MEOHP) comprised 87.1% of all metabolites measured, and thus are most likely the best biomarkers for DEHP exposure assessment. The percentage of the unglucuronidated free form excreted in urine was higher for the ester linkage carboxylated DEHP metabolites compared with alcoholic and ketonic DEHP metabolites. The percentage of the unglucuronidated free form excreted in urine was higher for the DEHP metabolites with a carboxylated ester side-chain compared with alcoholic and ketonic metabolites. Further, differences were found between the DEHP metabolite profile between this adult population and that of six neonates exposed to high doses of DEHP through extensive medical treatment. In the neonates, MEHP represented 0.6% and MECPP 65.5% of the eight DEHP metabolites measured compared to 6.6% (MEHP) and 31.8% (MECPP) in the adults. Whether the observed differences reflect differences in route/duration of the exposure, age and/or health status of the individuals is presently unknown.
A putative haematotoxic and leukaemogenic metabolite of benzene, 1,4-benzoquinone (1,4-BQ), reacts rapidly with macromolecules. The authors previously characterized levels of the albumin (Alb) adduct (1,4-BQ-Alb) of this reactive species in populations of workers exposed to benzene. Since high levels of 1,4-BQ-Alb were also measured in unexposed workers from those investigations, the current study was initiated to determine potential sources of 1,4-BQ in the general population. A single blood sample was collected from 191 healthy subjects from the Research Triangle area, NC, USA, to determine the baseline 1,4-BQ-Alb levels and contributing sources. The median 1,4-BQ-Alb at baseline was 550?pmol?g(-1) Alb (interquartile range 435-814?pmol?g(-1)). A second blood sample was collected approximately 3 months later from a subgroup of 33 subjects to estimate the within- and between-person variation in 1,4-BQ-Alb. Standardized questionnaires were administered to collect information about demographic, dietary and lifestyle factors. Multiple linear regression models identified several significant contributors to 1,4-BQ-Alb levels, including gender, body mass index (BMI), the gender-BMI interaction, automobile refuelling, smoking status, and consumption of fruit and the artificial sweetener, aspartame. The authors predicted that these background levels of 1,4-BQ-Alb were equivalent to occupational exposures between 1 and 3 parts per million of benzene. Mixed effects linear models indicated that the random variation in adduct levels was about equally divided between and within subjects. The observations indicate that levels of 1,4-BQ-Alb cover a wide range in the general population, and they support the hypotheses that demographic, diet and lifestyle factors are contributing sources.
Our previous research has identified the granulin (grn) and p130 genes as sex steroid-regulated genes in the neonatal rat hypothalamus that might be involved in sexual differentiation of the brain. Since phthalate/adipate esters such as di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP), diisononyl phthalate (DINP), and di-2-ethylhexyl adipate (DEHA) are suspected to interfere with the endocrine system as environmental endocrine disruptors having estrogenic or antiandrogenic properties, these chemicals may affect sexual differentiation of the brain. The present study assessed the effects of perinatal exposure to DBP, DINP, and DEHA on grn and p130 mRNA expressions in the hypothalamus on postnatal day (PND) 7 and sexual behaviors after maturation in rats. Maternal rats were given a phytoestrogen-free diet containing different doses of DBP (20, 200, 2,000, and 10,000 ppm), DINP (40, 400, 4,000, and 20,000 ppm) and DEHA (480, 2,400, and 12,000 ppm) from gestational day 15 to the day of weaning (PND 21). DBP and DINP exposure during the perinatal period resulted in an increase in hypothalamic grn and p130 mRNA levels in females and males, respectively, but DEHA exposure decreased expression levels of grn in males and p130 in females, although the effects were not dose-dependent. After maturation, male rats that were exposed to several doses of DBP, DINP, and DEHA displayed decreased copulatory behavior. The lordosis quotient was decreased in females perinatally exposed to DBP, DINP, and DEHA at all the doses used. On the other hand, serum levels of LH and FSH in both sexes and the estrous cycles in females were not affected by the treatments. These results suggest that inappropriate expression of grn and/or p130 genes in the brains of male and female neonatal rats by perinatal exposure to these chemicals may exert permanent effects on the hypothalamus, thereby decreasing sexual behavior after maturation.
Previous studies indicate that acupuncture or electroacupuncture (EA) treatment reduces body weight and food intake in rats by increasing the level of anoretic peptides and decreasing that of orexigenic peptides in the hypothalamus. Considering a well-established role of leptin as a major regulator for feeding behavior in the hypothalamus, we hypothesized that EA might exert its effect via increasing serum leptin levels. In this study, we tested our hypothesis by evaluating the effects of EA on food intake and body weight, as well as on serum leptin levels in rats. Rats were randomly divided into 3 groups: AL (fed ad libitum with no treatments), Holder (fed ad libitum with daily holder restraint) and EA (fed ad libitum with daily holder restraint and 100 Hz EA stimulation) groups. During the four-week experimental period, daily food intake and body weight were measured. At the end of the experiment, levels of serum leptin and corticosterone, and plasma epinephrine (Epi) and norepinephrine (NE) were determined. Here we demonstrate that EA treatment indeed led to reduction of food intake and body weight, and to an increase of serum leptin levels. The level of Epi, NE, and corticosterone increased in the Holder group, but such increase in the level of aforementioned stress hormones was not observed in the EA group. Overall, our results suggest that EA treatment reduces food intake and body weight in rats possibly through increasing leptin levels, and that this effect of EA is not due to the stress caused by the daily holder restraint.
BACKGROUND: To test the hypothesis of an association between cardiac autonomic activity evaluated by heart rate variability and systemic inflammatory markers such as C-reactive protein, we studied the correlation of the indices of heart rate variability relative to serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in a healthy Brazilian population. METHODS: Four hundred twenty-one healthy individuals aged 15-82 years (mean 40.4 years), 184 men (43.7%) and 237 women (56.3%) were enrolled between July 1998 and July 2001. The relationship between the log-transformed indices of the heart rate variability and the serum concentration of hs-CRP were analyzed stratified by age tertile using the Spearman correlation coefficient and multiple linear regression. RESULTS: The log standard deviation of all normal sinus RR intervals over 24 h (SDNN) (r = -0.801; p = 0.024) was independently correlated with log hs-CRP in the individuals with age in the oldest tertile (> or = 46 years). In addition, the body mass index (BMI) was independently correlated with hs-CRP in all of the age groups. CONCLUSIONS: In the healthy subjects aged 46 years or more the lower heart rate variability correlated with higher concentration of hs-CRP. 
A method suitable for the determination of unmetabolized polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) excreted at trace levels (ng/L) in human urine for the monitoring of exposure of the general population to PAH contamination was developed. PAHs were determined, after enrichment by solid-phase extraction on polyurethane foam (PUF) chips, by HPLC with fluorescence detection. Different parameters affecting analyte extraction to the PUF, including urine salting-out and organic additives, and optimization of conditions for clean-up and desorption have been investigated. Optimized conditions were 40 mL acidified urine sample, added with magnesium sulfate, tetrahydrofuran and a 2 cm3 PUF chip, and extracted by shaking at 30 rpm for 1 h at ambient temperature. Desorption was performed, after a clean-up step with diluted sodium hydroxide, using a small amount of diethyl ether. The recovery of PAH congeners from spiked urines was >90% in the 2-100 ng/L range; the detection limit was 0.1-0.5 ng/L, depending on the considered PAH congener; day-to-day precision, at 50 ng/L native PAH content, was CV = 10-20%. The proposed technique provides a simple, economical and effective procedure for the determination of trace amounts of unmetabolized PAHs excreted in human urine spot samples.
Recent natural catastrophes with large-scale loss of life have demonstrated the need for a new technique to provide information for disaster victim identification when DNA methods fail to yield the identification of an individual, or in other situations where authorities need to determine the recent geographical life history of people. The latter may be in relation to the identification of individuals detained on suspicion of terrorism or in relation to people-trafficking or smuggling. One proposed solution is the use of stable isotope profiling (SIP) using isotope ratio mass spectrometry (IRMS). Exploiting the link between the isotopic signal of dietary components and the isotopic composition of body tissue, the aim of this study was to refine a non-invasive method of analysing human material such as scalp hair and fingernails using SIP and to assess the degree of natural variability in these profiles. Scalp hair and fingernail samples were collected from British and non-British volunteers at Queen's University Belfast every 2 weeks for a minimum of 8 months. Samples were analysed using IRMS to determine their isotopic composition for 13C, 15N, 2H and 18O. The results of this longitudinal study yielded information on the natural variability of the isotopic composition of these tissues. The data demonstrate the relatively low degree of natural variation in the 13C/15N isotopic abundance of scalp hair and fingernails whilst greater variations were recorded in the hydrogen and oxygen values of the same samples. The 15N and 18O values of nail are noticeably more variable than that of scalp hair from the same subject. A hypothesis explaining this trend is put forward based on the faster rate of formation of hair than of nails. This means that there is less time for the compounds forming hair to be affected by biochemical processes that could alter their isotopic signature.
Vegetables and fruits are rich in carotenoids, a group of compounds thought to protect against cancer. Studies of diet-disease associations need valid and reliable instruments for measuring dietary intake. The authors present a measurement error model to estimate the validity (defined as correlation between self-reported intake and "true" intake), systematic error, and reliability of two self-report dietary assessment methods. Carotenoid exposure is measured by repeated 24-hour recalls, a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), and a plasma marker. The model is applied to 1,013 participants assigned between 1995 and 2000 to the nonintervention arm of the Women's Healthy Eating and Living Study, a randomized trial assessing the impact of a low-fat, high-vegetable/fruit/fiber diet on preventing new breast cancer events. Diagnostics including graphs are used to assess the goodness of fit. The validity of the instruments was 0.44 for the 24-hour recalls and 0.39 for the FFQ. Systematic error accounted for over 22% and 50% of measurement error variance for the 24-hour recalls and FFQ, respectively. The use of either self-report method alone in diet-disease studies could lead to substantial bias and error. Multiple methods of dietary assessment may provide more accurate estimates of true dietary intake.
A pentachlorophenol (PCP) manufacturing plant in southern Taiwan discontinued production in 1989. The site of the abandoned plant was heavily contaminated by PCDD/PCDFs, impurities formed in the PCP production process. Serum samples collected from 27 residents living near the deserted plant were evaluated to determine whether this contamination had associated serum levels of PCDD/PCDFs in local residents. The average level of 17 tested congeners ranged from 556 to 5240 pg/g lipid (mean, 1670 pg/g lipid). The corresponding 2,3,7,8-TCDD toxicity equivalent quotient values calculated by international toxicity equivalent factors (I-TEFs) and those recommended by WHO (WHO-TEFs) were 47.2 pg I-TEQ/g lipid and 53.4 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid, respectively. Levels in other parts of Taiwan typically range from 15 to 20 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid; therefore, it is likely that the heavily contaminated plant site caused these unusually high serum levels. The average PCDD/PCDF levels of 29 fish-tissue and nine soil samples collected from the sea reservoir surrounding the abandoned PCP plant were also abnormally high: 8630 pg/g lipid (985 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid) and 606000 pg/g-sample (922 pg WHO-TEQ/g-sample), respectively. Factor analysis indicated that the congener pattern of human serum samples collected from residents living near the abandoned PCP plant different from samples collected from other areas in Taiwan without known PCDD/PCDF pollution. Similar results were observed for the fish tissue and soil samples. The current study may have discovered a "hot spot" for elevated dioxin human exposure in Taiwan. The preliminary finding has raised a public health concern in the inspected area and requires further investigations to clarify the nature of the contamination and potential impact on the local environment and human health.
In the present study, concentrations and tissue distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs; IUPAC # 28, 47, 99, 100, 153, 154, 183, and 209) were examined in brain, adipose tissue, liver, muscle, and serum of birds of prey. Median SigmaPBDE levels (BDE 28-183) in the tissues of sparrowhawks ranged from 360 to 1900 ng/g lipid weight (lw), which was in general one order of magnitude higher than in the tissues of common buzzards (26-130 ng/g lw). There were no differences in PBDE congener patterns between the various tissues within individuals of a certain species. Inter-species differences in PBDE patterns and in particular the percentage of BDE 99, 100 and 153 were, however, pronounced between sparrowhawk and common buzzard. BDE 209 was detected in nearly all serum and in some liver samples, but not in any other tissues. This observation suggests that exposure to BDE 209 is low or that this congener is poorly accumulated. Passive (lipid content related) diffusion could not completely describe the PBDE tissue distribution, e.g. the lowest PBDE-load was measured in brain, a fairly lipid rich tissue.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the contemporary inter-institutional accuracy of urinary cytology in predicting the recurrence of transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) of the bladder, in a large multi-institutional cohort from four continents, as cystoscopy and urinary cytology represent the 'gold standards' for surveillance of TCC recurrences, but the ability of cytology to predict recurrence varies. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Ten institutions contributed 2542 patients with a history of superficial TCC, of whom 898 had TCC recurrence. Age- and gender-adjusted logistic regression models were used to evaluate the association between urine cytology and TCC recurrence. The predictive accuracy derived from the logistic regression model was tested using the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve. The resulting predictive accuracy estimates were internally validated with 200 bootstrap re-samples. RESULTS: The mean (range across institutions) age of the patients was 65 (48-69) years and 75 (67-87)% were men. Cytology was positive in 19 (10-38)% of patients; recurrence was identified in 35 (27-54)% of patients. The sensitivity was 38-65% across institutions. Urinary cytology varied significantly in its ability to predict recurrence of bladder cancer. Institution-specific predictive accuracy adjusted for gender and age was 0.627-0.893. Stratifying by grade and stage only partly attenuated the discrepancies between centres. CONCLUSIONS: The variability of urinary cytology results was very appreciable among the 10 centres and ranged from poor (63%) to excellent (89%). 
Tissue transglutaminase (tTG) autoantibodies decline after gluten-free diet in patients with coeliac disease. We tested the hypothesis that gluten-free diet-induced change in tTG autoantibody levels affects subsets of peripheral blood lymphocytes. Peripheral blood was obtained from 20 children with biopsy-proven active coeliac disease. Gluten-free diet was initiated and the children examined again after three and six months. tTG autoantibodies were measured in radioligand binding assays and lymphocyte subsets by flow cytometry. IgA-tTG levels at diagnosis, 2204 U/ml (median, range 113-24990), were reduced over six months to 76 U/ml (median, range 1-1261) (P < 0.001). At six months, 12/20 (60%) children had reduced their IgA-tTG levels to < 100 U/ml and these children showed a decrease in B cells (mean change -3.8%, P = 0.014), CD4+ T cells (mean -4.32%, P = 0.011) and CD4+ T cells expressing CD25high (mean change -0.62%, P = 0.036). In contrast, the CD4+CD25(high)CCR4+ T cell population increased during the same period (mean change 11.5%, P = 0.0036). The decline in IgA-tTG levels correlated to the decrease in B cells (r = 0.56, P = 0.01), CD4+ T cells (r = 0.66, P = 0.004) as well as CD4+CD25high T cells (r = 0.59, P = 0.01). A negative correlation was found between the decline in IgA-tTG and CD4+CD25high T cells expressing CD45RO (r = -0.49, P = 0.03) and CCR4 (r = -0.54, P = 0.01). This is the first observational study on the effect of gluten-free diet on concurrent changes of tTG autoantibodies and specific peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets. Our data suggest that flow cytometry may be a useful complement to tTG autoantibodies when studying the effects of gluten-free diet in children with coeliac disease.
Lutein, a dihydroxycarotenoid, has antioxidant and immunomodulatory potential. Two 2 x 2 x 2 factorial designs examined effects of carotenoids during in ovo embryogenesis and, in the diet posthatch, on the systemic inflammatory response to lipopolysaccharide (LPS). In both trials, breeder hens were fed a carotenoid-replete (40 mg lutein/kg) or a carotenoid-deplete diet, eggs were collected, and chicks were hatched from carotenoid-deplete or carotenoid-replete eggs. Meat-type chicks (n = 160 and n = 144, respectively) were then fed diets containing 0 or 40 mg lutein/kg diet and either injected or not injected with LPS. LPS injection increased plasma haptoglobin and Zn (P < 0.01) and reduced plasma Fe and Cu (P < 0.01). Chicks hatched from carotenoid-deplete eggs had greater changes in plasma Fe and S post-LPS than chicks hatched from carotenoid-replete eggs (P < 0.05 for each). Compared with chicks fed 40 mg lutein/kg diet, chicks fed 0 mg lutein had greater body weight losses and higher plasma haptoglobin and relative thymus, bursa, and spleen weights post-LPS (P < 0.05). Data suggest that a lack of carotenoid exposure, either in ovo or posthatch, increases parameters of systemic inflammation.
The present study investigated the dietary effect of conjugated linolenic acid (CLnA) on lipid profiles and lipid peroxidations in alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus in rats. Diabetic rats were fed with 20% sunflower oil (diabetic control), sunflower oil supplemented with 0.5% CLnA, sunflower oil supplemented with 0.15% alpha-tocopherol, and sunflower oil containing 0.25% CLnA + 0.15% alpha-tocopherol. The results demonstrated that 0.5% CLnA, 0.15% alpha-tocopherol, and 0.25% CLnA + 0.15% alpha-tocopherol each on supplementation significantly lowered total cholesterol and non-HDL-cholesterol in comparison with the diabetic control group. The TAG level was significantly lowered in both the 0.15% alpha-tocopherol and 0.25% CLnA + 0.15% alpha-tocopherol groups. LDL-lipid peroxidation and erythrocyte membrane lipid peroxidation were reduced significantly in each of the experimental groups vs. the control group. The CLnA + alpha-tocopherol diet induced a greater reduction in membrane lipid and liver lipid peroxidation than the alpha-tocopherol diet alone. In conclusion, dietary CLnA exerts antioxidant activity as evidenced by reduced lipid peroxidation in chemically induced diabetes mellitus.
The aim of this study was to assess the influence of regular daily consumption of white wine on oxidative stress and cardiovascular risk markers. Forty-two healthy male volunteers consumed 375 ml of white wine daily. Each participant provided three venous blood samples (before wine consumption, following the wine consumption period and again a month later). Levels of superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione, total antioxidant capacity, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein A I, apolipoprotein B, triglycerides, paraoxonase 1, C-reactive protein, homocysteine, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) were measured. Immediately following the month of white wine consumption there was a significant increase in HDL-cholesterol (p<0.0001), paraoxonase 1 (p<0.001), glutathione peroxidase (p<0.001) and reduced glutathione (p<0.01) levels, a decrease in superoxide dismutase activities (p<0.0001), and a decrease in oxidation protein products (p<0.001) and TBARS (p<0.05) concentrations. However, there was also a clear increase in homocysteine (p<0.0001) after a month of white wine consumption. The results of our non-placebo controlled trial suggest that regular daily white wine consumption is associated not only with both antioxidative and antiatherogenic effects but also with a potentially proatherogenic increase of homocysteine concentrations.
It is controversial whether women have a higher lung cancer susceptibility compared to men. We previously reported higher levels of smoking-related bulky DNA adducts in female lungs. In a pilot study (27 cases), we also found a higher level of female lung cytochrome P4501A1 (CYP1A1) gene expression. In the present extended study we report on the pulmonary expression of several genes involved in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon bioactivation in relation to sex, smoking and DNA adducts. CYP1A1, CYP1B1, aryl hydrocarbon receptor and microsomal epoxide hydrolase gene expression was measured by quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-PCR in 121 normal lung tissue samples. The expression of CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 was significantly higher among current smokers compared to ex-smokers and never-smokers. Among current smokers, females had a 3.9-fold higher median level of CYP1A1 compared to males (p = 0.011). CYP1B1 expression was not related to sex. Lung DNA adducts (measured by 32P-postlabeling) were highly significantly related to CYP1A1 (p < 0.0001) irrespective of smoking-status. Our results are consistent with the hypothesis that CYP1A1 plays a significant role in lung DNA adduct formation and support a higher susceptibility to lung cancer among females.
In order to perform comprehensive epidemiological studies where multiple metabolites of several PAHs are measured and compared in low-dose urine samples, fast and robust methods are needed to measure many analytes in the same sample. We have modified a previous method used for measuring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites by automating the solid-phase extraction (SPE) and including an additional eight metabolites. We also added seven new carbon-13 labeled standards, which improves the use of isotope-dilution calibration. Our method included enzyme hydrolysis, automated SPE and derivatization with a silylating reagent followed by gas chromatography (GC), coupled with high-resolution mass spectrometry (HRMS). Using this method, we measured 23 metabolites, representing 9 parent PAHs, with detection limits in the low pg/mL range. All steps in the clean-up procedure were optimized individually, resulting in a method that gives good recoveries (69-93%), reproducibility (coefficient of variation for two quality control pools ranged between 4.6 and 17.1%, N>156), and the necessary specificity. We used the method to analyze nearly 3000 urine samples in the fifth National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES 2001-2002).
The aim of the present study was to test the hypothesis that maternal intake of antioxidant vitamins is associated with maternal and cord plasma levels at delivery. Women were recruited in early pregnancy in Aberdeen Maternity Hospital and habitual diet during pregnancy was assessed by a food-frequency questionnaire mailed at 34 weeks gestation. Blood samples were taken at recruitment (n 1149) and maternal (n 1149) and cord blood samples (n 747) taken at delivery for analyses of vitamins A, C, E and beta-carotene. Maternal plasma levels of vitamin E and beta-carotene at delivery were significantly higher than levels in early pregnancy while levels of vitamins A and C were significantly lower. Positive correlations were observed for maternal levels of all the vitamins between early pregnancy and delivery. At delivery, maternal plasma concentrations of vitamins A, E and beta-carotene were significantly higher than cord levels, while maternal levels of vitamin C were significantly lower. There were significant correlations between maternal and cord plasma concentrations for beta-carotene and vitamin C but not for vitamins A or E. Maternal dietary intakes were positively correlated with maternal plasma levels of vitamins C, E and beta-carotene in early pregnancy, with maternal plasma levels of beta-carotene and vitamin C at delivery and with cord plasma levels of beta-carotene and vitamin C. The results from the present study show that, in this population, maternal diet influences cord plasma levels of beta-carotene and vitamin C, but not vitamins A and E.
Cerebral hemoglobin concentration (cHbc), a major determinant of oxygen transport capacity in the brain, shows a considerable variability due to physiological and methodological factors. In order to determine the (relative) contribution of these factors, the cHbc variability within the first 6 hours of life was studied in 28 very preterm infants using near infrared spectrophotometry (NIRS). Mean cHbc values were 46.4 +/- 14.1 micromol/l (2.75 +/- 0.84 ml/100 g). Is the variability in cHbc related to the methodology of cHbc measurements or to physiological variables? A statistical model of stepwise regression (backward selection) with 13 independent variables and with cHbc as a dependent variable showed that, from the total variability of +/- 14.1 micromol/l, only 3.7 micromol/l (26%) were of methodological origin, while the major portion, 9.3 micromol/l (66%) were related to four physiological variables: birth weight, gestational age, blood glucose and transcutaneous carbon dioxide tension. The remaining 1.1 micromol/l (7.8%) were unexplained. We conclude that NIRS, which allows continuous monitoring of cerebral oxygenation and metabolism even in the first hours of postnatal life, is a valid technique to measure cHbc in very preterm infants. The major portion of the large variability of early cHbc registrations can be attributed to physiological factors.
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies of choline and betaine intakes have been sparse because a food-composition database was not available until recently. The physiologic relevance of a variation in dietary choline and betaine in the general population and the validity of intake assessed by food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) have not been evaluated. OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to examine the physiologic relevance and validity of choline and betaine intakes measured by an FFQ. DESIGN: We examined the relations between choline and betaine intakes measured by FFQ and plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations in 1960 participants from the Framingham Offspring Study. RESULTS: Higher intakes of dietary choline and betaine were related to lower tHcy concentrations independent of other determinants, including folate and other B vitamins. For the lowest and highest quintiles of dietary choline plus betaine, the multivariate geometric means for tHcy were 10.9 and 9.9 mumol/L (P for trend < 0.0001). The inverse association was manifested primarily in participants with low folate intakes (P for interaction < 0.0001). Among participants with folate intakes < or =250 microg/d, the geometric mean tHcy concentrations in the lowest and highest quintiles of choline plus betaine intakes were 12.4 and 10.2 micromol/L (P for trend < 0.0001). Except for choline from phosphatidylcholine, individual forms of choline were inversely associated with tHcy concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings provide support for a physiologically important variation in choline and betaine intakes in the general population and for the validity of intake measured by FFQ. 
The aim of the present study was to develop a method of urinalysis for trichloroacetic acid (TCA) and trichloroethanol (TCE), and therefore total trichloro-compounds (TTC) as the sum, with least use of hazardous chemicals, being green in that sense. After acid hydrolysis followed by dilution with an ethanol (EtOH)-methanol (MeOH)-water mixture, capillary gas-choromatography with an electron-capture detector can quantify TCA and TCE in the diluted hydrolyzate. Comparison studies showed that the results were identical among three methods, i.e., 1. the method developed in the present study, 2. a head-space GC with acid hydrolysis of conjugated TCE and methyl-esterification of TCA, and 3. traditional colorimetry with Fujiwara reaction. When applied to exposure-excretion analysis, the three methods gave results reproducible to each other. Over-all evaluation therefore was such that the method developed in the present study is as equally reliable as previously developed methods. It should be further noted that the procedures are very simple, with minimum use of occupationally or environmentally hazardous chemicals. In case the determination of only TCA is requested, it is possible to skip the hydrolysis step so that the treatment prior to the GC analysis is even simpler, i.e., just a 60-fold dilution of the urine sample with the EtOH-MeOH-water mixture. It was also demonstrated that correction of urinary analyte levels for urine density in terms of creatinine or specific gravity did not improve the correlation with the intensity of TRI exposure.
AIMS: Phosphatidylethanol (PEth) is an abnormal phospholipid formed only in the presence of ethanol by the enzyme phospholipase D. PEth in blood is a promising new marker for ethanol abuse. None of the biological markers used at the present time is sensitive and specific enough for the diagnosis of alcoholism. METHODS: The most frequently used alcohol markers [carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), and mean corpuscular volume (MCV)] were studied together with PEth in actively drinking alcohol-dependent patients (inpatients and outpatients), with regard to correlation to ethanol intake and diagnostic sensitivity of the markers. The relation between the markers was also studied. RESULTS: PEth, CDT, and GGT correlated to ethanol intake, with the strongest correlation found for PEth. The diagnostic sensitivity for PEth was 99%, and for other markers it varied between 40 and 77%. Only when CDT was combined with GGT was a sensitivity of 94% reached. PEth correlated to CDT and GGT but not to MCV. CDT did not correlate to GGT or MCV. CONCLUSIONS: Blood concentrations of PEth are highly correlated to ethanol intake, and the present results indicate that its diagnostic sensitivity is higher than that for previously established alcohol markers. 
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a plastic softener used in polyvinyl chloride (PVC) products, has been ascribed to have toxic effects on animal reproduction. The present study aimed at determining potential late effects of pre-pubertal oral exposure to DEHP on semen quality in young pigs. Ten pairs of cross-bred male siblings were used. One brother in each pair became, at random, the test animal while the other acted as control. Test males were exposed to 300 mg/kg body weight (bw) of DEHP administered orally three times a week from 3 to 7 weeks of age. The control group was given placebo (water). Semen analyses started when the boars reached 6 months of age, with semen collected twice weekly, until animals were 9 months of age. Semen was evaluated for ejaculate volume, sperm concentration, total sperm count, sperm motility, sperm morphology (including presence of cells other than spermatozoa) and sperm plasma membrane integrity. Total sperm motility tended to be lower while local motility was higher in the DEHP-exposed group compared with controls (p = 0.07) when assessed by computer-assisted sperm analysis. The DEHP-exposed group had a significantly (p < 0.05) lower percentage of spermatozoa with tailless, defective heads (at 7-8 months of age) and double-folded tails (at 6-7, 7-8 and 6-9 months of age), compared with controls (albeit always under 5%). In summary, there were no obvious adverse effects of early oral exposure to 300 mg/kg bw of DEHP on sperm output and sperm quality in post-pubertal young boars.
BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence supports carbohydrate restricted diets (CRD) for weight loss and improvement in traditional markers for cardiovascular disease (CVD); less is known regarding emerging CVD risk factors. We previously reported that a weight loss intervention based on a CRD (% carbohydrate:fat:protein = 13:60:27) led to a mean weight loss of 7.5 kg and a 20% reduction of abdominal fat in 29 overweight men. This group showed reduction in plasma LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides and elevations in HDL-cholesterol as well as reductions in large and medium VLDL particles and increases in LDL particle size. In this study we report on the effect of this intervention with and without fiber supplementation on plasma homocysteine, lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)], C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha). METHODS: Twenty nine overweight men [body mass index (BMI) 25-35 kg/m2] aged 20-69 years consumed an ad libitum CRD (% carbohydrate:fat:protein = 13:60:27) including a standard multivitamin every other day for 12 wk. Subjects were matched by age and BMI and randomly assigned to consume 3 g/d of either a soluble fiber supplement (n = 14) or placebo (n = 15). RESULTS: There were no group or interaction (fiber x time) main effects, but significant time effects were observed for several variables. Energy intake was spontaneously reduced (-30.5%). This was accompanied by an increase in protein intake (96.2 +/- 29.8 g/d to 107.3 +/- 29.7 g/d) and methionine intake (2.25 +/- 0.7 g/d, to 2.71 +/- 0.78 g/d; P < 0.001). Trans fatty acid intake was significantly reduced (-38.6%) while dietary folate was unchanged, as was plasma homocysteine. Bodyweight (-7.5 +/- 2.5 kg) was reduced as was plasma Lp(a) (-11.3%). Changes in plasma Lp(a) correlated with reductions in LDL-cholesterol (r = .436, P < 0.05) and fat loss (r = .385, P < 0,05). At wk 12, both CRP (-8.1%) and TNF-alpha (-9.3%) were reduced (P < 0.05) independently of weight loss. IL-6 concentrations were unchanged. CONCLUSION: A diet based on restricting carbohydrates leads to spontaneous caloric reduction and subsequent improvement in emerging markers of CVD in overweight/obese men who are otherwise healthy. 
INTRODUCTION: Given the hypothesis of a common soil for atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome, we tested the contribution of gene polymorphisms involved in cardiovascular diseases on fasting insulin concentration (FIC). METHODS: The polymorphisms were investigated by a multiplex assay in 308 apparently healthy French middle-aged men and women, taken from the STANISLAS cohort. FIC was measured by a microparticular enzymatic immunoassay. RESULTS: After a series of regression analyses involving 34 polymorphisms, FGB -455G/A was the only polymorphism that remained significantly associated with FIC when adjusting the analyses for multiple testing. Stepwise models showed that FGB polymorphism accounted for 4.39% of FIC variability in men. Additionally, interactions between FGB and with environmental factors (alcohol and smoking in men, and BMI in women) were found. DISCUSSION: To our knowledge, this is the first study reporting an influence of FGB polymorphism on FIC in a healthy population. Our results concord with the already shown link between fibrinogen concentration and FIC, and support the hypothesis of a relationship between fibrinogen and endothelium in FIC homeostasis whose alteration may induce several metabolic disorders. The contribution of this gene, although modest, is consistent with the polygenic nature of insulin levels. 
PURPOSE: We describe the validity and reliability of a questionnaire designed to determine frequency, severity and risk factors of urinary tract infection and daytime urinary incontinence in primary school-age children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Based on published validated questionnaires and advice from content experts, a questionnaire was developed and piloted in children attending outpatient clinics. Construct validity for parent report of frequency and severity of daytime urinary incontinence was tested by comparison with a daily accident diary in 52 primary school children, and criterion validity of parent report for UTI was verified by comparison with the reference standard (urine culture) in 100 primary school children. Test-retest reliability of the questionnaire was assessed in 106 children from primary schools. RESULTS: There was excellent agreement between the questionnaire and accident diary in severity (weighted kappa 0.94, 95% confidence intervals 0.85 to 1.03) and frequency of daytime urinary incontinence (0.88, 0.7 to 1.0). Parents reported urinary tract infection in 15% of children, compared to a positive urine culture in 8% (sensitivity 100% and specificity 68.5%). Test-retest reliability of the questionnaire was excellent (mean k 0.78, range 0.61 to 1.00). CONCLUSIONS: Parents overreport UTI by about 2-fold but can recall frequency and severity of daytime urinary incontinence well during a 3-month period. The developed questionnaire is a valid tool to estimate frequency, severity and risk factors of daytime urinary incontinence and UTI in primary school children. 
Diet and lifestyle factors, body size, and smoking behavior may influence estrogen metabolism, but the nature of these relations may vary according to race/ethnic groups. We evaluated the association of lifestyle factors with estrogen metabolites 2-hydroxyestrone (2-OHE1) and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone (16alpha-OHE1) in a racially diverse population. With a cross-sectional study design, urine samples from 1881 African-American, Caucasian, Chinese, Japanese, and Hispanic women, aged 42-52 y, from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN) were assayed by EIA for 2-OHE1 and 16alpha-OHE1. Dietary factors and beverages were measured using a modified Block FFQ. Dietary fiber, vegetable and fruit servings, Brassica vegetables, polyphenols, coffee, caffeine, green and black tea, and total alcohol and wine were related to metabolite values using multiple variable regression analyses. In adjusted analyses, 2-OHE1 concentrations were significantly associated with race/ethnicity, weight, smoking, and consumption of hydroxybenzoic acid, anthocyanidins, wine, and caffeine (P < 0.05). Regression models incorporating these variables explained 19-20% of the variation in 2-OHE1 concentrations. Regression models for 16alpha-OHE1, which explained 16-17% of the variability, included race/ethnicity, smoking, caffeine, total dietary fiber, and fiber from fruits and vegetables as variables. These associations may reflect why increased consumption of polyphenol-containing foods and fruit as well as decreased smoking, caffeine intake, and body size would be consistent with hypothesized benefits and risks for selected health outcomes.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare an educational approach based on the Stages of Change Model with usual care education in reducing dietary fat intake and serum lipids in individuals with hyperlipidemia. DESIGN: A 40-week randomized control study was conducted. Four education sessions were provided on an outpatient basis during a 1-month period with follow-up every 6 weeks. PARTICIPANTS: The sample consisted of 141 men and women with hyperlipidemia (mean age 50+/-11 years and a mean body mass index of 30+/-6) randomly assigned to one of two education interventions. INTERVENTION: The stages of change group was provided with tailored dietary activities based on their readiness to change to reduce dietary fat intake. Dietary information and activities for the usual care program were developed for those individuals ready to make a change in their diets. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum lipids, anthropometric measures, readiness to change, dietary intake, and exercise data were assessed at baseline, 4, 16, 28, and 40 weeks. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: A repeated measures analysis of variance was used to compare differences between groups across time. RESULTS: Total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and body weight decreased significantly at 4 weeks (P<0.05) for both groups and were sustained over time, with no differences between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The stages of change education approach was not more effective than the usual care education approach in decreasing dietary fat intake and serum lipids in a classroom setting. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are widespread environmental DNA-damaging agents regarded as risk factors for human disease, including lung and breast cancer. The biotransformation of PAHs to carcinogenic metabolites is mediated by the aromatic hydrocarbon receptor (AhR), which activates transcription at xenobiotic responsive elements (XREs = 5'-GCGTG-3') found in the promoter regions of genes encoding for detoxifying enzymes, including CYP1A1 and CYP1B1. In this study, we wished to identify novel biomarkers that may be useful in monitoring critical carcinogenic events of the breast induced by PAHs. Using a GeneMAP CancerArray, we analyzed in breast cancer MCF-7 cells the temporal effects of the AhR agonist benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), which is a prototype PAH and known environmental carcinogen. Genes upregulated at least threefold by B[a]P and containing potential XREs within their promoter regions included CYP1A1, CYP1B1, paired box gene 3 (PAX3), cortactin (CTTN/EMS1), beta-2-microglobulin (B2M), and transferrin receptor (TfR). The stimulatory effects of B[a]P on expression of these genes were abrogated by cotreatment with the AhR antagonist flavonoid, alpha-napthoflavone (ANF). The TfR gene was selected for further analysis as its promoter region contains two potential XREs and its expression has been shown to be increased in breast cancer cells. Accumulation of TfR mRNA in B[a]P-treated cells was confirmed by quantitative real time PCR. Transient transfection studies indicated that the transcriptional activity of the TfR promoter was stimulated by B[a]P, whereas ANF counteracted this induction. These results indicate that the TfR gene may be a potential biomarker of PAH exposure.
BACKGROUND: In this study we analysed the reliability of HPLC determination of 2.3.5-pyrroletricarboxylic acid (PTCA). This product derives from oxidation of melanin in human hair, and is a good candidate as a risk marker for skin tumors. MATERIAL/METHODS: We determined PTCA in 100 melanoma cases and 100 controls, 21 replicates from six different reference hairs, two trace elements, and one reference sample (brown hair). RESULTS: Work-up procedures showed an almost perfect reproducibility with an Intraclass Correlation Coefficient (ICC) of 0.990. We noticed a low, detectable, but not statistically significant decrease in reproducibility proportional to the amount of PTCA. Agreement between determination following injection of the same solution in HPLC column was also high, with an overall ICC of 0.986. Simultaneous analysis of reproducibility showed a partial ICC for work-up (0.986), for injection (0.987), and an overall standardised ICC (0.975). The analysis of the two reference tracers in successive tests showed a weak, not statistically significant, decreasing linear drift, possibly due to various factors, such as aging of chemical solutions and HPLC columns. CONCLUSIONS: PTCA extracted from human hair through oxidation and determined with HPLC can be considered a reliable marker as a candidate for identifying persons at high risk for melanoma. 
BACKGROUND: Urinary retention in the post partum period may lead to short- and long-term complications. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the reliability of an automatic ultrasound system to measure the volume of the bladder post partum. METHODS: About 85 women, who delivered vaginally were observed 6 hr post partum. When the bladder volume measured by BladderScan BVI 3000 was more than 300 ml, it was compared with the bladder volume measured by catheterization. RESULTS: Ten additional catheterizations were performed by using BladderScan BVI 3000, when compared with the number of estimated cathetharizations based on clinical indications. Eight women had a residual volume of more than 300 ml, of whom two got an indwelling catheter. Using Bland-Altman methods, there was no significant difference in volumes measured by BladderScan BVI 3000 or by catheterization. Also, there was no significant difference between two observers. CONCLUSION: The BladderScan BVI 3000 is a reliable and non-invasive method to recognize urinary retention in the post partum period. 
Oxidative stress has been implicated in the pathogenesis of various chronic diseases, such as cancer, cardiovascular disease and inflammatory conditions, as well as in ageing. Although a number of markers are now available, little is known about the reliability of single measurements of such markers in healthy individuals. The study examined the distribution of variance for three oxidative stress markers, 8-oxo-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodG), 5-hydroxymethyl-2'-deoxyuridine (5-OHmdU) and total 8-isoprostane-F2alpha, which were measured every 3-6 months over 1 year in blood and breast nipple aspirate fluid (NAF) for 103 premenopausal women. For both plasma and NAF, the between-subject variances of 8-isoprostane-F2alpha were consistently greater than the within-subject variances. Consequently, their reliability coefficients were close to the level of those for cholesterol. On the other hand, the within-subject variances were much greater than the between-subjects variances for blood 5-OHmdU, resulting in low reliability coefficients, i.e. <0.3. Overall, the reliability coefficients for blood 8-oxodG were between those of 8-isoprostane-F2alpha and 5-OHmdU, but closer to those of 8-isoprostane-F2alpha. The results suggest that the reliability of oxidative stress markers may vary considerably depending on the type of marker. Caution should be exercised in selecting markers as well as in determining the number of study subjects or the number of samples per subject in a study. There also may be ample room to optimize laboratory techniques to quantify markers of oxidative DNA damage.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts pervert the execution or fidelity of enzymatic DNA transactions and cause mutations and cancer. Here, we examine the effects of intercalating PAH-DNA adducts on the religation reaction of vaccinia DNA topoisomerase, a prototypal type IB topoisomerase (TopIB), and the 3' end-resection reaction of Escherichia coli exonuclease III (ExoIII), a DNA repair enzyme. Vaccinia TopIB forms a covalent DNA-(3'-phosphotyrosyl)-enzyme intermediate at a target site 5'-C(+5)C(+4)C(+3)T(+2)T(+1)p / N(-1) in duplex DNA. The rate of the forward cleavage reaction is suppressed to varying degrees by benzo[a]pyrene (BP) or benzo[c]phenanthrene (BPh) adducts at purine bases within the 3'-G(+5)G(+4)G(+3)A(+2)A(+1)T(-1)A(-2) sequence of the nonscissile strand. We report that BP adducts at the +1 and -2 N6-deoxyadenosine (dA) positions flanking the scissile phosphodiester slow the rate of DNA religation to a greater degree than they do the cleavage rate. By increasing the cleavage equilibrium constant > or = 10-fold, the BPdA adducts, which are intercalated via the major groove, act as TopIB poisons. With respect to ExoIII, we find that (i) single BPdA adducts act as durable roadblocks to ExoIII digestion, which is halted at sites 1 and 2 nucleotides prior to the modified base; (ii) single BPhdA adducts, which also intercalate via the major groove, elicit a transient pause prior to the lesion, which is eventually resected; and (iii) BPh adducts at N2-deoxyguanosine, which intercalate via the minor groove, are durable impediments to ExoIII digestion. These results highlight the sensitivity of repair outcomes to the structure of the PAH ring system and whether intercalation occurs via the major or minor groove.
The mechanisms by which derivatives of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) cause mutations have been of considerable interest. Three different N(6)-adenyl PAH-diol epoxide oligonucleotide derivatives were studied with the archebacterial translesion DNA polymerase Sulfolobus solfataricus Dpo4. Steady-state kinetic analysis indicated insertion of all four dNTPs opposite each of the three N(6)-adenyl PAH adducts, with only slightly varying misincorporation efficiencies. Full-length extension of shorter primers paired with templates containing the N(6)-adenyl PAH derivatives proceeded to apparent completion at 45 degrees C in the presence of added dimethyl sulfoxide. Analysis of the products by high-performance liquid chromatography/collision-induced mass spectrometry indicated the presence of mixtures of products with each PAH adduct. These mixtures correspond to both error-free synthesis and mixtures of polymerization/realignment steps. With an unmodified template, only the expected A:T and G:C pairing was detected in the primer extension products under these conditions, with no frameshifts. These results demonstrate the complexity of polymerization opposite these bulky N(6)-adenyl PAH adducts, even with a single polymerase.
The secondary sex ratio is the ratio of male to female live births and historically has ranged from 102 to 106 males to 100 females. Temporal declines have been reported in many countries prompting authors to hypothesize an environmental etiology. Blood specimens were obtained from 99 women aged 24-34 prior to attempting pregnancy and quantified for 76 polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners using dual column gas chromatography with electron capture detection. Women were prospectively followed until pregnancy or 12 cycles of trying. The odds of a male birth for three PCB groupings (total, estrogenic, anti-estrogenic) controlling for maternal characteristics were estimated using logistic regression. Among the 50 women with live births and PCB data, 26 female and 24 male infants were born (ratio 0.92). After adjusting for age and body mass index, odds of a male birth were elevated among women in the second (OR=1.29) and third (OR=1.48) tertiles of estrogenic PCBs; odds (OR=0.70) were reduced among women in the highest tertile of anti-estrogenic PCBs. All confidence intervals included one. The direction of the odds ratios in this preliminary study varied by PCB groupings, supporting the need to study specific PCB patterns when assessing environmental influences on the secondary sex ratio.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-DNA adducts have been associated with breast cancer in several small studies. The authors' pooled analysis included 873 cases and 941 controls from a population-based case-control study. Competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in peripheral mononuclear cells was conducted in 2 rounds, and results were pooled on the basis of round-specific quantiles. The odds ratio for breast cancer was elevated in relation to detectable PAH-DNA adducts (1.29 as compared with nondetectable adduct levels; 95% confidence interval = 1.05, 1.58), but there was no apparent dose-response relationship with increasing quantiles. No consistent pattern emerged when the results were stratified by PAH sources (e.g., active cigarette smoking or PAH-containing foods), or when the cases were categorized by stage of disease or hormone receptor status. These data provide only modest support for an association between PAH-DNA adducts and breast cancer development.
From three locations along a 34-km shoreline of Pelee Island, Ontario, 30 gravid female Lake Erie water snakes (Nerodia sipedon insularum) were sampled to determine the organochlorine (OC) contaminant levels in plasma and the number of live and dead embryos present in the body cavity. Plasma was analyzed for 59 polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners and 14 organochlorine pesticides. Concentrations of pesticides were low (< or =0.1 ng/g wet wt) in all snakes, but there was significant variation in mean PCB concentrations in plasma from among the sampling locations on Pelee Island. Snakes (n = 5) from the West shore and dock area of the island had significantly higher PCB concentrations (90.4 +/- 15.0 ng/g wet wt) in plasma than those from Lighthouse Point (n = 5; 34.4 +/- 13 ng/g wet wt) and the south shore of the island (n = 5; 29.4 +/- 16.3 ng/g wet wt). Body mass of the female snakes ranged from 252 to 880 g, and mean masses were not significantly different among sample sites. The number of live embryos found ranged from 13 to 46 female snakes and no dead embryos were detected. There were significant positive correlations among body mass, snout-vent length, and number of young per female. There were no significant correlations among body mass, snout-vent length, number of young per female, or per-gram body mass of female snakes and contaminant concentrations in plasma. It was concluded that an interim estimate of a no-effect level on embryonic survival in N. sipedon insularum may be a maximum average concentration of 90.4 ng/g wet wt PCBs and a maximum average concentration of 3.6 ng/g wet wt p,p'-dichloro-diphenyl-dichloroethylene in plasma.
OBJECTIVES: We previously developed a historical reconstruction model to estimate exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from traffic back to 1960 for use in case-control studies of breast cancer risk. Here we report the results of four exercises to validate and calibrate the model. METHODS: Model predictions of benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) concentration in soil and carpet dust were tested against measurements collected at subjects' homes at interview. In addition, predictions of air intake of BaP were compared with blood PAH-DNA adducts. These same soil, carpet, and blood measurements were used for model optimization. In a separate test of the meteorological dispersion part of the model, predictions of hourly concentrations of carbon monoxide from traffic were compared with data collected at a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency monitoring station. RESULTS: The data for soil, PAH-DNA adducts, and carbon monoxide concentrations were all consistent with model predictions. The carpet dust data were inconsistent, suggesting possible spatial confounding with PAH-containing contamination tracked in from outdoors or unmodeled cooking sources. BaP was found proportional to other PAHs in our soil and dust data, making it reasonable to use BaP historical data as a surrogate for other PAHs. Road intersections contributed 40-80% of both total emissions and average exposures, suggesting that the repertoire of simple markers of exposure, such as traffic counts and/or distance to nearest road, needs to be expanded to include distance to nearest intersection. 
We assessed determinants of cord serum polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) levels among 720 infants born between 1993 and 1998 to mothers living near a PCB-contaminated Superfund site in Massachusetts, measuring the sum of 51 PCB congeners (capital sigmaPCB) and ascertaining maternal address, diet, sociodemographics, and exposure risk factors. Addresses were geocoded to obtain distance to the Superfund site and neighborhood characteristics. We modeled log10(capital sigmaPCB) as a function of potential individual and neighborhood risk factors, mapping model residuals to assess spatial correlates of PCB exposure. Similar analyses were performed for light (mono-tetra) and heavy (penta-deca) PCBs to assess potential differences in exposure pathways as a function of relative volatility. PCB-118 (relatively prevalent in site sediments and cord serum) was assessed separately. The geometric mean of capital sigmaPCB levels was 0.40 (range, 0.068-18.14) ng/g serum. Maternal age and birthplace were the strongest predictors of capital sigmaPCB levels. Maternal consumption of organ meat and local dairy products was associated with higher and smoking and previous lactation with lower capital sigmaPCB levels. Infants born later in the study had lower capital sigmaPCB levels, likely due to temporal declines in exposure and site remediation in 1994-1995. No association was found between capital sigmaPCB levels and residential distance from the Superfund site. Similar results were found with light and heavy PCBs and PCB-118. Previously reported demographic (age) and other (lactation, smoking, diet) correlates of PCB exposure, as well as local factors (consumption of local dairy products and Superfund site dredging) but not residential proximity to the site, were important determinants of cord serum PCB levels in the study community.
BACKGROUND: Although the effect of copper on bone has been tested in animals and healthy subjects, no studies concerning the effect of copper supplementation on bone metabolism in patients with copper deficiency have been reported because of the rarity of these patients. This study was conducted to investigate the effect of copper supplementation on bone metabolism in copper-deficient patients. METHOD: This study included 10 patients (83.7 +/- 8.3 years) with dietary copper deficiency under long-term bed rest for more than 12 months. They had their diets supplemented with copper sulfate (3 mg/day) over 12 weeks in addition to their diet of only one kind of enteral food with a low concentration of copper. Serum copper and ceruloplasmin, urinary deoxypyridinoline (DPD) and collagen-type 1 N-telopeptide (NTX) (biomarkers of bone resorption), serum osteocalcin (OC) and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (Bone ALP) (biomarkers of bone formation) were analyzed at baseline, 4 and 12 weeks after copper supplementation. RESULTS: DPD and NTX excretion were significantly increased 4 weeks after copper supplementation (p = 0.009 and p = 0.013, respectively). Serum bone ALP and OC were not significantly changed 12 weeks after copper supplementation (p = 0.051 and p = 0.594). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with nutritional copper deficiency, bone resorption markers are increased with copper supplementation. 
Estimation of dietary intake of polyphenols is difficult, due to limited availability of food composition data and bias inherent to dietary assessment methods. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the associations between the intake of polyphenol-rich foods and the urinary excretion of several phenolic compounds and therefore explore whether these phenolic compounds could be used as a biomarker of intake. Fifty-three participants of the SU.VI.MAX study (a randomised primary-prevention trial evaluating the effect of daily antioxidant supplementation on chronic diseases) collected a 24 h urine and a spot urine sample and filled a dietary record during a 2 d period. Thirteen polyphenols and metabolites, chlorogenic acid, caffeic acid, m-coumaric acid, gallic acid, 4-O-methylgallic acid, quercetin, isorhamnetin, kaempferol, hesperetin, naringenin, phloretin, enterolactone and enterodiol, were measured using HPLC-electrospray ionisation-MS-MS. In spot samples apple consumption was positively correlated to phloretin, grapefruit consumption to naringenin, orange to hesperetin, citrus fruit consumption to both naringenin and hesperetin, with r coefficients ranging from 0.31 to 0.57 (P < 0.05). The combination of fruits and/or fruit juices was positively correlated to gallic acid and 4-O-methylgallic acid, isorhamnetin, kaempferol, hesperetin, naringenin and phloretin (r 0.24-0.44, P < 0.05). Coffee consumption was positively correlated to caffeic and chlorogenic acids (r 0.29 and 0.63, P < 0.05 respectively). Black tea and wine consumption were positively correlated with gallic and 4-O-methylgallic acids (r 0.37-0.54, P < 0.001). The present results suggest that several polyphenols measured in a spot urine sample can be used as biomarkers of polyphenol-rich food intake.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between iron status, iron intake, and diabetes among Chinese adults. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This cross-sectional household survey was carried out in 2002 in Jiangsu Province, China. The sample contained 2,849 men and women aged > or =20 years with a response rate of 89.0%. Iron intake was assessed by food weighing plus consecutive individual 3-day food records. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum ferritin, and hemoglobin were measured. RESULTS: The prevalence of anemia was 18.3% in men and 31.5% in women. Mean hemoglobin and serum ferritin increased across groups with increasing FPG. The prevalence of anemia among women was 15.0% in individuals with FPG >7.0 mmol/l compared with 32.6% in individuals with FPG <5.6 mmol/l. There was a similar, however not significant, trend among men. In women, after adjusting for known risk factors, the odds ratio (OR) of diabetes was 2.15 (95% CI 1.03-4.51) for subjects in the upper quartile of hemoglobin compared with the rest, and the corresponding OR for the upper quartile of serum ferritin was 3.79 (1.72-8.36). Iron intake was positively associated with diabetes in women; fourth quartile intake of iron yielded an OR of 5.53 (1.47-20.44) compared with the first quartile in the multivariate analyses. In men, similar trends were suggested, although they were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Iron status and iron intake was independently associated with risk of diabetes in Chinese women but not in men. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine associations between various dietary markers and mortality from ischemic heart disease (IHD) and stroke. DESIGN AND SETTING: A multi-center cross-sectional study, involved 25 co-operative study centers in 16 countries. METHOD: In the report, data for males (n = 2462), aged 48-56 years, from 25 centers were included. Various dietary markers were measured from individual's blood and 24-h urine samples. Age-standardized male mortality rates for IHD and stroke were collected for the region encompassing each study center. Ecological cross-center associations between dietary markers and the mortality were analyzed using univariate and multivariate analysis techniques. RESULTS: Bivariate correlation analyses showed that IHD mortality was associated positively with body mass index (BMI), serum total cholesterol (TC), urinary potassium (K) and serum phospholipid palmitic acid, and negatively with urinary taurine, sodium (Na) and Na/K (potassium) ratio, n-3 polyunsaturated (n-3PU) fatty acids and polyunsaturated-to-saturated (P/S) fatty acid ratio. Stroke mortality was associated positively with Na and Na/K ratio and phospholipid arachidonic acid (AA), and negatively with TC and K. Stepwise linear regression analyses indicated that 59% of the variance in IHD mortality could be explained by the variance in taurine and P/S ratio and that 57% of stroke mortality could be explained by Na/K ratio and phospholipid AA. CONCLUSION: Although ecological associations do not necessarily imply causality, and the present findings are limited to male samples only, the study extends our understanding of dietary markers in relation to worldwide IHD and stroke mortality rates, and indicates useful avenues for further study on IHD and stroke prevention. 
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) has been implicated in the development of colon, prostate and mammary gland tumors in rats. In this study, we developed a modified in vitro mutagen sensitivity assay, with activated PhIP (N-OH-PhIP) as the challenge mutagen and chromosome aberrations as the endpoint, and applied it in a pilot prostate cancer case-control study of 81 cases and 84 age and ethnicity-matched controls. Our results showed significantly higher baseline breaks among the cases, mean+/-S.E.=1.86+/-0.23 versus 0.96+/-0.14 in controls; P=0.006. Individuals with high baseline breaks (dichotomized at the control median) had a 36% increased risk for PC (OR=1.36; 95% CI=1.08-1.72). In stratified analysis, high baseline breaks was associated in younger participants (< or = 60 years) with an OR of 1.71 (1.14-2.57) and in those with a positive family history of PC, an OR of 1.43 (0.97-2.11). PhIP treatment induced significantly higher breaks in cases, mean+/-S.E.=5.07+/-0.39 versus 3.83+/-0.24 in controls; P=0.05. Higher PhIP-induced breaks was associated with an overall 17% increased risk for PC (OR=1.17; 95% CI=1.03-1.33), a significantly increased risks (OR=1.19; 95% CI=1.00-1.41) among younger participants, non-smokers (OR=1.39, 1.03-1.88) and 1.20 (1.00-1.45) among those with no family history of PC. Results from this pilot study demonstrate differential sensitivity to PhIP among subgroups and therefore, this assay have potential as a susceptibility marker for prostate cancer risk.
Ochratoxin A (OTA) is a mycotoxin produced by different species of Aspergillus and Penicillium fungi. The presence of OTA in human blood has been reported in many studies, especially in Europe, however none have been done in South America. In this study, 88 blood samples from healthy donors from two different Chilean agricultural zones were analyzed. In parallel with sample collection, the donors filled a questionnaire regarding food intake during the last three months. The blood samples were collected in Colbn in March and July of 2004 and in San Vicente de Tagua--Tagua in October of 2004. The extraction procedure was done in the solid phase with a Sep-Pak RP-18 cartridge and a final purification with immunoaffinity Ochraprep columns. The presence of OTA was confirmed by the formation of Ochratoxin A methyl ester. Fifty four percent of the samples collected in Colbn and 91% of samples from San Vicente de Tagua - Tagua were positive to OTA at ranges of 0.07-2.75 ppb and 0.22-2.12 ppb, respectively. The OTA levels in serum did not show a good correlation with normal dietary consumption.
A method for the measurement of 24 hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites (OH-PAHs) in urine has been developed. The method is based on enzymatic deconjugation, automated liquid-liquid extraction, and gas chromatography/isotope dilution high-resolution mass spectrometry after derivatization of the OH-PAHs to the trimethylsilylated derivatives. The metabolites included in the current method are formed from eight different parent compounds. The limits of detection were below 7 pg/mL when using a sample size of 2 mL of urine, except for 1- and 2-naphthols (18 and 12 pg/mL, respectively). The enzymatic deconjugation efficiency, verified by deconjugation of urine samples spiked with alpha-naphthyl beta-d-glucuronide sodium salt (1-NAP-GLU) and pyrene-1-sulfate potassium salt (1-PYR-SULF), was determined to be 97% for 1-NAP-GLU conjugate and 84% for 1-PYR-SULF. The overall coefficients of variance for six batches of quality control samples (n = 42), was 2.9-11%. Mean method recoveries of the 13C-labeled internal standards were 66-72%, except for 13C6-1-naphthol (46%). The throughput of this method has been determined to be 40 samples per day per analyst. This method is currently applied to epidemiological studies, such as the National Exposure and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), to measure human exposure to PAHs.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are associated with a broad spectrum of human health problems and cause cancer in rodents. In addition, these compounds cause chromosomal aberrations in humans and treated human cells. Although the underlying basis for the chromosomal damage induced by PCBs is not understood, it is believed that these compounds act through a series of phenolic and quinone-based metabolites. Recent studies indicate that several quinones that promote chromosomal damage also act as topoisomerase II poisons. Therefore, the effects of PCB quinone metabolites (including mono and dichlorinated compounds and p- and o-quinones) on the activity of human topoisomerase IIalpha were examined. Results indicate that these compounds are potent topoisomerase IIalpha poisons in vitro and act by adducting the enzyme. They also increase DNA cleavage by topoisomerase IIalpha in cultured human cells. In contrast, incubation of topoisomerase IIalpha with PCB metabolites in the absence of DNA leads to a rapid loss of enzyme activity. On the basis of (1) the differential ability of quinone-treated enzyme to bind circular and linear DNA molecules and (2) the generation of salt-stable noncovalent complexes between topoisomerase IIalpha and circular plasmids in the presence of PCB quinones, it appears that these compounds alter enzyme function (at least in part) by blocking the N-terminal gate of the protein. Finally, exposure to quinones generates a protein species with a molecular mass approximately twice that of a monomeric topoisomerase IIalpha protomer. This finding suggests that PCB quinones block the N-terminal gate by cross-linking the protomer subunits of topoisomerase IIalpha.
OBJECTIVE: Women with a moderate intake of alcohol have higher concentrations of sex steroids in serum, and higher risk of developing breast cancer, compared to non-drinkers. In the present study, we investigate the relationships between alcohol consumption and serum levels of sex steroids and sex-hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in 790 pre- and 1,291 post-menopausal women, who were part of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC). METHODS: Serum levels of testosterone (T), androstenedione (Delta4), dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS), estrone (E1), estradiol (E2) and SHBG were measured by direct immunoassays. Free T (fT) and free E2 (fE2) were calculated according to mass action laws. Current alcohol intake exposure to alcohol was assessed from dietary questionnaires. RESULTS: Pre-menopausal women who consumed more than 25 g/day of alcohol had about 30% higher DHEAS, T and fT, 20% higher Delta4 and about 40% higher E1, concentrations compared to women who were non-consumers. E2, fE2 and SHBG concentrations showed no association with current alcohol intake. In post-menopausal women, DHEAS, fT, T, Delta4, and E1 concentrations were between 10% and 20% higher in women who consumed more than 25 g/day of alcohol compared to non-consumers. E2 or fE2 were not associated with alcohol intake at all. SHBG levels were about 15% lower in alcohol consumers compared to non-consumers. CONCLUSION: This study supports the hypothesis of an influence of alcohol intake on sex hormone concentrations in blood. 
INTRODUCTION: Oxidative stress induced by reactive oxygen species (ROS) is associated with the risk of osteoporosis, and can be reduced by certain dietary antioxidants. Lycopene is an antioxidant known to decrease the risk of age-related chronic diseases, such as cancer. However, the role of lycopene in osteoporosis has not yet been investigated. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a cross-sectional study, 33 postmenopausal women aged 50-60 years provided seven-day dietary records and blood samples. Serum samples were used to measure serum lycopene, lipid peroxidation, protein thiols, bone alkaline phosphatase (BAP), and cross-linked N-telopeptides of type I collagen (NTx). The serum lycopene per kilogram body weight of the participants was grouped into quartiles and associated with the above serum parameters using one-way ANOVA and the Newman-Keuls post-test. RESULTS: The results showed that groups with higher lycopene intake, as determined from the dietary records, had higher serum lycopene (p<0.02). A higher serum lycopene was found to be associated with a low NTx (p<0.005). Similarly, groups with higher serum lycopene had lower protein oxidation (p<0.05). DISCUSSION: In conclusion, these results suggest that the dietary antioxidant lycopene reduces oxidative stress and the levels of bone turnover markers in postmenopausal women, and may be beneficial in reducing the risk of osteoporosis. 
BACKGROUND: Developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) has been implicated as a possible cause of deficient immune function in children. This study was designed to assess whether prenatal and postnatal exposure to PCBs impacts on antibody response to childhood immunizations. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Two birth cohorts were formed in the Faroe Islands, where exposures vary widely, because traditional diets may include whale blubber contaminated with PCBs. Prenatal exposure was determined from maternal concentrations of PCBs in pregnancy serum and milk. Following routine childhood vaccinations against tetanus and diphtheria, 119 children were examined at 18 mo and 129 children at 7 y of age, and their serum samples were analyzed for tetanus and diphtheria toxoid antibodies and for PCBs. The antibody response to diphtheria toxoid decreased at age 18 mo by 24.4% (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.63-41.9; p = 0.04) for each doubling of the cumulative PCB exposure at the time of examination. The diphtheria response was lower at age 7 y and was not associated with the exposure. However, the tetanus toxoid antibody response was affected mainly at age 7 y, decreasing by 16.5% (95% CI, 1.51-29.3; p = 0.03) for each doubling of the prenatal exposure. Structural equation analysis showed that the early postnatal exposure was the most important predictor of a decreased vaccination response. CONCLUSIONS: Increased perinatal exposure to PCBs may adversely impact on immune responses to childhood vaccinations. The clinical implications of insufficient antibody production emphasize the need for prevention of immunotoxicant exposures. 
Late effects of pre-pubertal oral exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a plastic softener used in, for example, polyvinyl chloride-products, on semen quality in young boars have not been clear-cut. The aim of this study was to determine whether stress imposed on spermatozoa would reveal such effects. Semen was collected from post-pubertal boars (8-9 months of age), which had been exposed to 300 mg kg(-1) body weight of DEHP per os three times a week from 3 to 7 weeks of age and from control siblings given placebo (water). The semen was cryopreserved and examined for plasma membrane integrity post-thaw using the short hypo-osmotic swelling test and flow cytometry (propidium iodide /SYBR-14). Sperm motility was assessed by computer-assisted sperm analysis. No significant difference in plasma membrane integrity could be found between the groups. The DEHP-exposed group had a significantly lower percentage of linearly motile spermatozoa at 30 min (P < 0.05) and 120 min (P < 0.001) after thawing, and a larger amplitude of lateral displacement of the head 120 min after thawing (P < 0.05), compared with controls. In summary, spermatozoa from boars pre-pubertally exposed to low doses of DEHP, showed kinematic deviations post-thaw that could be related to DEHP exposure.
OBJECTIVE: We previously demonstrated that among 54 infants in neonatal intensive care units, exposure to polyvinyl chloride plastic medical devices containing the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is associated with urinary concentrations of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) , a DEHP metabolite. In this follow-up report, we studied the neonates' exposure to DEHP-containing devices in relation to urinary concentrations of two other DEHP metabolites, and to urinary concentrations of metabolites of dibutyl phthalate (DBP) and benzylbutyl phthalate (BzBP) , phthalates found in construction materials and personal care products. MEASUREMENTS: A priori, we classified the intensiveness of these 54 infants' exposure to DEHP-containing medical products. We measured three metabolites of DEHP in infants' urine: MEHP and two of its oxidative metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxylhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP) . We also measured monobutyl phthalate (MBP) , a metabolite of DBP, and monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), a metabolite of BzBP. RESULTS: Intensiveness of DEHP-containing product use was monotonically associated with all three DEHP metabolites. Urinary concentrations of MEHHP and MEOHP among infants in the high-DEHP-intensiveness group were 13-14 times the concentrations among infants in the low-intensiveness group (p</= 0.007). Concentrations of MBP were somewhat higher in the medium- and high-DEHP-intensiveness group; MBzP did not vary by product use group. Incorporating all phthalate data into a structural equation model confirmed the specific monotonic association between intensiveness of product use and biologic measures of DEHP. CONCLUSION: Inclusion of the oxidative metabolites MEHHP and MEOHP strengthened the association between intensiveness of product use and biologic indices of DEHP exposure over that observed with MEHP alone. 
To examine dietary intakes in relation to long-term serum lipoprotein changes in a prospective cohort study with 7 y of follow-up, serum lipids were analyzed by enzymatic methods, while food intake was calculated from validated food frequency questionnaires. First- and second-generation Japanese-Brazilians (n = 316) living in Bauru, So Paulo/Brazil, of both genders, aged 40 to 79 y were assessed at baseline in 1993. Multiple linear regression models were used with changes in serum lipoproteins as the dependent variable and changes in dietary intakes as the independent variables, adjusted for confounding factors. In energy-adjusted analyses, changes in serum total cholesterol were inversely associated with changes in total dietary fiber, fruits/fruit juices and vegetables after adjustment for age and gender. Each increase of 10 g in the consumption of total dietary fiber was associated with a reduction of 12.5 mg/dL in the serum total cholesterol (p<0.05). Our results highlight the importance of increased intakes of total fiber, fruits and vegetables to prevent and control dyslipidemia in Japanese migrants.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) are widespread, lipophilic environmental pollutants which have been identified as contaminants in almost every component of the global ecosystem including fish, wildlife, and human adipose tissue, breast milk, and serum. Several studies have shown that PCBs can cause oxidative damage to biomolecules, in the form of lipid peroxidation, modulation of antioxidant enzymes, and oxidative stress. In the present study, we have sought to investigate the effects of alpha-tocopherol (vitamin E) on antioxidant status of PCB-induced toxicity in male Wistar rats. The protective effect of alpha-tocopherol (50mg/kg body weight/day) was tested in PCB-induced toxicity in rat liver, lung, and kidney. We report here that the oral supplementation of alpha-tocopherol was found to maintain the cellular redox status by maintaining the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase accompanied with glutathione and vitamin E levels and down regulation in the levels of lipid peroxides, hydroxyl radical and hydrogen peroxides generation in PCB treated rats. Therefore, our present study demonstrates the PCB-induced deficits in antioxidant enzyme activities and increase in reactive oxygen species and lipid peroxidation levels in liver, kidney, and lung which can be overcome through simultaneous supplementation with alpha-tocopherol.
alpha-Tocopherol from foods has been associated with protection against several chronic diseases and maintenance of immune function. However, most people do not meet current recommendations for intake. We examined alpha-tocopherol intake and plasma concentration in a representative sample of Puerto Rican and Dominican older adults (n = 447) and in neighborhood-matched non-Hispanic whites (n = 155). A validated food frequency questionnaire was used to assess dietary intake. Mean dietary intakes of alpha-tocopherol were 6 mg in both ethnicities. Only 4.7% of women and 7.9% of men met the estimated average requirement (12 mg/d) for vitamin E from food alone. Top sources of alpha-tocopherol for Hispanics included oils and milk, and for non-Hispanic whites they were ready-to-eat breakfast cereal and sweet baked products. Mean plasma alpha-tocopherol concentrations were 24.5 micromol/L for Hispanics and 25.8 micromol/L for non-Hispanic whites (P > 0.05). Plasma alpha-tocopherol was positively associated with alpha-tocopherol intake (P = 0.003), and significance remained after adjusting covariates and after exclusion of supplement users (P for trend = 0.008). We identified the following 5 dietary patterns by cluster analysis: 1) fruit and breakfast cereal, 2) starchy vegetables, 3) rice, 4) milk and milk products, and 5) sweets. Those following the sweets pattern had the lowest plasma alpha-tocopherol relative to those following the fruit and breakfast cereal or milk patterns (P < 0.05 for all), although they had similar intakes. A large proportion of these elders (>90%) have inadequate intake of alpha-tocopherol, and plasma concentrations were associated with intake patterns.
AIMS: The aim of the study was to further validate three patient-based outcome measures (PBOM) used to assess the outcome of surgery for stress urinary incontinence and to compare their psychometric properties with a view to determining the most appropriate measure for clinical use. METHODS: The work was embedded within a randomized controlled trial of laparoscopic and open colposuspension. The trial recruited 291 women from six centers. The three instruments compared were Bristol Female Lower Urinary Tract Symptom Questionnaire (BFLUTS), Kings Health Questionnaire (KHQ), and the Symptom Severity Index and Symptom Impact Index (SSI/SII). The International Consultation on Incontinence (ICI) ABC grading system of psychometric propertie's reliability, validity, and responsiveness was used to evaluate the instruments. RESULTS: From the analysis of the psychometric properties of the three instruments, the SSI/SII appeared to have the best psychometric profile; Grade A, BFLUTS was of grade A, and KHQ was of grade B. SSI/SII had a good degree of internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha 0.74-0.78). BFLUTS and KHQ both had domains in which the internal consistency was <0.7. The SSI domain of the SSI/SII was the only domain to correlate to the 1-hr pad test. All domains of the SSI/SII were able to distinguish those cured from not cured and it was most responsive to change. Unlike the KHQ, the SSI/SII had no significant ceiling or floor effects. CONCLUSIONS: This study has demonstrated that when instruments are used in different populations their psychometric properties may change. All three instruments analyzed had limitations when used as an outcome measure for surgery for stress urinary incontinence. 
According to predictions from the current theoretical models for ageing the heterogeneity of the population is increasing with increasing age. Although the direct observation of such changes in humans is extremely difficult, supporting evidence should be identifiable in key biomarkers associated with health and mortality. Using data from the Northwick Park Heart Study II of 3052 healthy middle-aged men (mean 56 years of age, range 49-69 years), with 5 annual measures of CHD risk factors, ageing effects were tested for plasma fibrinogen, cholesterol and triglycerides. Fibrinogen levels increased with age (p < 0.0001), while cholesterol showed a decrease, and triglycerides did not show any change with age. There was a significant increase in the variance of fibrinogen with age (p < 0.0007) but not for cholesterol or triglycerides. The raising effect on fibrinogen levels associated with the A allele of the FIBB - 455G>A promoter variant also decreased with age (p = 0.005). The age-associated changes observed in the fibrinogen variability and the association of phenotype to genotype are discussed in light of the evolutionary theory, and their implications are considered.
The efficiency of the glucuronide hydrolysis in the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene was investigated as a function of the reaction conditions. A significant improvement could be obtained by increasing the enzyme concentration described in the literature.
Multipathway exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and Pyrene (Py) was studied among children ages 7-9 living in two areas of the Campania Region (South-Italy) classified as urban and rural. During five consecutive days PAHs and Py were detected in air samples from outdoors, indoors (school and home), individuals at inhalatory levels, and in food and beverages (defined as food) consumed daily by each child. 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) was detected in children's urine. Gender, weight and height of each subject were recorded, and the personal Body Mass Index (BMI) calculated. The type of home heating, the presence of smokers and the number of cigarettes smoked at home was determined. Total PAH and Py median concentrations in outdoor air from urban areas were 1.70 ng m(-3) and 0.19 ng m(-3), respectively while in rural areas they were 1.10 ng m(-3) and 0.14 ng m(-3). Indoor air total PAH and Py median concentrations were 2.50 ng m(-3) and 0.15 ng m(-3), respectively for urban areas, and 4.10 ng m(-3) and 0.15 ng m(-3) for rural areas. In food the total PAH and Py median levels were 10.44 and 0.81 microg kg(-1) in urban areas and 18.90 and 0.90 microg kg(-1) in rural areas. The median urinary levels of 1-OHP for urban and rural children were 0.07 and 0.06 micromol/mol creat., respectively. From these data, food appears to be the most relevant source of exposure to PAHs and Py. The Py intake from single (food or air) or total (food and air) pathways did not significantly correlate with the urinary 1-OHP excreted daily for each child during all 5 days of observation.
PURPOSE: Recombinant human TSH (rhTSH) is used to increase radioiodine uptake during imaging of thyroid cancer, obviating the need to render the patient hypothyroid. We assessed the reproducibility of radioiodine uptake, serum thyrotropin (TSH), and stimulated serum thyroglobulin (Tg) levels after rhTSH administration. METHODS: A retrospective review was performed of patients at Stanford who underwent whole-body (131)I scanning for surveillance of thyroid cancer twice after thyroidectomy and (131)I ablation, with rhTSH prior to each scan. Forty-eight hour radioiodine uptake, peak serum TSH, and stimulated serum Tg levels for each study were recorded. Paired t tests and correlation analysis were used to assess interexamination repeatability. RESULTS: Twenty-three patients underwent two scintiscans with rhTSH, for a total of 46 exams. There was no significant difference between percent uptake at 48 h in the paired exams (p=0.40). Serum TSH level was measured in 45 of 46 exams; TSH exceeded 50 mIU/l in all cases, and there was no significant difference between paired TSH levels (p=0.93). All patients had stimulated serum Tg levels measured, with no significant difference between paired Tg levels (p=0.40); after excluding one patient whose Tg changed from 15.8 ng/ml to undetectable between scans without interval treatment, the p value rose to 0.95. There was a strong correlation among paired uptake values (r=0.85, p<0.0001), peak serum TSH (r=0.69, p=0.0003), and stimulated Tg levels (r=0.81, p<0.0001). No discordant scan interpretations were reported. CONCLUSION: Forty-eight hour radioiodine uptake, peak serum TSH, and stimulated serum Tg levels after administration of rhTSH are repeatable between studies, demonstrating reproducibility of diagnostic results without rendering patients hypothyroid. 
BACKGROUND: In several short-term studies, coffee consumption has been associated with impairment of endothelial function. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the relation between long-term caffeinated and decaffeinated filtered coffee consumption and markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 730 healthy women and 663 women with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses' Health Study I cohort, who were aged 43-70 y and free of cardiovascular disease and cancer at the time blood was drawn (1989-1990). Dietary intake was assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire in 1986 and 1990. RESULTS: About 77% of the healthy women consumed > or =1 cup (237 mL) caffeinated coffee/mo and 75% consumed > or =1 cup decaffeinated coffee/mo; the corresponding intakes for women with type 2 diabetes were 74% and 63%, respectively. In healthy women, no appreciable differences in plasma concentrations of the markers were found across categories of caffeinated coffee intake. In women with type 2 diabetes, higher caffeinated coffee consumption was associated with lower plasma concentrations of E-selectin (adjusted percentage change per 1 cup/d increment = -3.2%; P = 0.05) and C-reactive protein (adjusted percentage change = -10.2%; P < 0.001). Higher decaffeinated coffee consumption was associated with lower plasma concentrations of E-selectin (adjusted percentage change = -2.5%; P = 0.08) and C-reactive protein (adjusted percentage change = -7.9%; P = 0.02) only in healthy women. The results were similar when we also adjusted the models for other dietary factors and blood lipids and when we excluded participants with hypertension or hypercholesterolemia. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that neither caffeinated nor decaffeinated filtered coffee has a detrimental effect on endothelial function. In contrast, the results suggest that coffee consumption is inversely associated with markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. 
PURPOSE: The aim of the study is to determine the reliability during a 2-year period of several newly developed iron-related assays to assess their potential for use in prospective epidemiologic studies. METHODS: We assessed the temporal reliability of several iron-related assays by using three serum samples collected at yearly intervals from 50 postmenopausal participants in a large prospective study. RESULTS: We observed high reliability coefficients for ferritin (0.78; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.67-0.86), soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR; 0.79; 95% CI, 0.69-0.87), sTfR/ferritin ratio (0.74; 95% CI, 0.62-0.83), and hepcidin (0.89; 95% CI, 0.84-0.94). In a subset of 30 women, lower reliability was observed for serum iron (0.50; 95% CI, 0.29-0.70), unsaturated iron-binding capacity (0.55; 95% CI, 0.34-0.73), total iron-binding capacity (0.60; 95% CI, 0.40-0.76), and serum transferrin saturation rate (0.44; 95% CI, 0.22-0.65). The reliability of anti-5-hydroxymethyl-2'-deoxyuridine autoantibody titers, a biomarker of oxidized DNA damage, one of the mechanisms by which iron is thought to impact disease risk, was very high (0.97, 95% CI, 0.5-0.99). CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that some newly developed iron-related assays could be useful tools to assess iron-disease associations in prospective cohorts that collect a single blood sample. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), a major class of flame retardants, are ubiquitous environmental contaminants with particularly high concentrations in humans from the United States. This study is a first attempt to report and compare PBDE concentrations in blood drawn from a family. Serum samples from family members collected at two sampling occasions 90 days apart were analyzed for PBDE congeners. Concentrations of the lower-brominated PBDEs were similar at the two sampling times for each family member, with children's levels 2- to 5-fold higher than those of their parents. Concentrations of, for example, 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-47) varied from 32 ng/g lipid weight (lw) in the father to 60, 137, and 245 ng/g lw in the mother, child, and toddler, respectively. Decabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-209) concentrations differed significantly between the two samplings. September concentrations in the father, mother, child, and toddler were 23, 14, 143, and 233 ng/g lw, respectively. December concentrations (duplicate results from the laboratory) were 2 and 3, 4 and 4, 9 and 12, and 19 and 26 ng/g lw, respectively. Parents' summation operatorPBDE concentrations approached U.S. median concentrations, with children's concentrations near the maximum (top 5%) found in U.S. adults. The youngest child had the highest concentrations of all PBDE congeners, suggesting that younger children are more exposed to PBDEs than are adults. Our estimates indicate that house dust contributes to children's higher PBDE levels. BDE-209 levels for all family members were 10-fold lower at the second sampling. The short half-life of BDE-209 (15 days) indicates that BDE-209 levels can decrease rapidly in response to decreased exposures. This case study suggests that children are at higher risk for PBDE exposures and, accordingly, face higher risks of PBDE-related health effects than adults.
Concerns about the carcinogenic and endocrine-disrupting characteristics of organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) have led to a global ban on OCP use. However, OCPs persist in the environment for decades because of their long half-life. We evaluated serum levels of OCPs and their correlations with usual dietary intake and other lifestyle factors among 250 healthy women who participated as controls in the Shanghai Breast Cancer Study. Serum levels of hexachlorocyclohexane isomers (alpha-HCH, beta-HCH, gamma-HCH), dichloro-di-phenyl-trichloroethane (DDT) isomers (p,p'-DDE and p,p'-DDT), hexachlorobenzene (HCB), trans-nonachlor (TNC), and eight polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) congeners (IUPAC no. 74, 118, 138, 153, 170, 180, 183, and 187) were measured. Lifestyle factors and usual dietary habits over the past 5 years were assessed through an in-person interview. With the exception of PCB, total OCP levels in our study population were significantly higher than those observed in other countries. Age, income, body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, number of pregnancies, and/or total duration of breastfeeding were all significantly correlated with all types of OCPs. Of the 20 food groups evaluated, correlations with serum total OCPs were observed for eggs (r=0.13), fresh beans (r=-0.17), tea (r=0.14), and animal fat (r=0.18). Multiple regression analyses showed that age and animal fat intake were positively associated with serum total level OCPs, while leafy vegetable and fresh bean consumption was negatively associated with OCPs level. Our study suggests that dietary intake may be an important contributor of serum levels of OCPs in Chinese women.
Generally, ingestion is the only route of exposure that is considered in the risk assessment of drinking water contaminants. However, it is well known that a number of these contaminants are volatile and lipophilic and therefore highly susceptible to being absorbed through other routes, mainly inhalation and dermal. The objective of this study was to develop physiologically based human toxicokinetic (PBTK) models for trihalomethanes (THM) and trichloroethylene (TCE) that will facilitate (1) the estimation of internal exposure to these chemicals for various multimedia indoor exposure scenarios, and (2) consideration of the impact of biological variability in the estimation of internal doses. Five PBTK models describing absorption through ingestion, inhalation and skin were developed for these contaminants. Their concentrations in ambient air were estimated from their respective tap water concentrations and their physicochemical characteristics. Algebraic descriptions of the physiological parameters, varying as a function of age, gender and diverse anthropometric parameters, allow the prediction of the influence of interindividual variations on absorbed dose and internal dosimetry. Simulations for various scenarios were done for a typical human (i.e., 70 kg, 1.7 m) as well as for humans of both genders varying in age from 1 to 90 years. Simulations show that ingestion contributes to less than 50% of the total absorbed dose or metabolized dose for all chemicals. This contribution to internal dosimetry, such as maximal venous blood concentrations (Cmax) and the area under the venous blood concentration time curve (AUC), decreases markedly (e.g., as low as 0.9% of Cmax for bromodichloromethane). The importance of this contribution varies mainly as a function of shower duration. Moreover, model simulations indicate that multimedia exposure is more elevated in children than adults (i.e., up to 200% of the adult internal dose). The models developed in this study allow characterization of the influence of the different routes of exposure and an improved estimation of the realistic multimedia exposure to volatile organic chemicals present in drinking water. Hence, such models will greatly improve health risk assessment for these chemicals.
The aim of this study is to assess potential health risk of exposure to particle-associated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in children living in a megacity with traffic congestion such as Bangkok. The study population comprised 184 Thai schoolboys (aged 8-13 years) attending schools adjacent to high-density traffic areas in Bangkok and schools located in the provincial area of Chonburi. The ambient concentration of total PAHs at roadsides in proximity to the Bangkok schools was 30-fold greater than at roadsides in proximity to the provincial schools (30.39 +/- 5.80 versus 1.50 +/- 0.28 ng/m(3); P < 0.001). Benzo(g,h,i)perylene (BghiP), an indicator of automobile exhaust emission, was the predominant PAH. Personal exposure to total PAHs and the corresponding benzo(a)pyrene (BaP) equivalent concentrations in Bangkok schoolchildren were 3.5-fold higher than in provincial schoolchildren (4.13 +/- 0.21 versus 1.18 +/- 0.09 ng/m(3); P < 0.001 and 1.50 +/- 0.12 versus 0.43 +/- 0.05 ng/m(3); P < 0.001, respectively). The concentration of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HOP) was significantly higher in Bangkok schoolchildren. Bulky carcinogen-DNA adduct levels in peripheral lymphocytes were also significantly higher (0.45 +/- 0.03 versus 0.09 +/- 0.00 adducts/10(8) nt; P < 0.001). Finally, a significantly higher level of DNA strand breaks and a significantly lower level of DNA repair capacity were observed in Bangkok schoolchildren (P < 0.001). This study indicates that Bangkok schoolchildren exposed to a high level of genotoxic PAHs in ambient air may be more vulnerable to the health impacts associated with the exposure to genotoxic pollutants than children in provincial areas and may have increased health risks for the development of certain diseases such as cancer.
An odor discrimination apparatus was used to quantify the reaction of rats against odor differences of estrous and diestrous urine of cows. Rats were trained to release impulses from a microswitch when they came into contact with estrous but not diestrous urine. After training, the discrimination ability was highly significant (P< or = 0.001) between both urine types. The reaction was specific for cow urine, and no significant discrimination occurred for estrous and diestrous urine from pigs or goats, or that of women. The discrimination of urine diluted with water was still highly significant up to 1:25. Another group of rats was trained to detect camphor. Decreasing concentrations were detected down to 0.1/microg/ml when diluted in water, and down to 1/microg/ml when diluted in estrous urine. Once trained to discriminate between estrous and diestrous urine, rats maintained this ability for 12 mo. Thus, a bioassay was set up to accompany fractionation steps in the laboratory which could lead to the isolation of estrous pheromones in cow urine.
A CE method for the determination of the ethanol consumption marker ethyl sulfate (EtS) in human urine was developed. Analysis was performed in negative polarity mode with a background electrolyte composed of 15 mM maleic acid, 1 mM phthalic acid, and 0.05 mM cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB) at pH 2.5 and indirect UV detection at 220 nm (300 nm reference wavelength). This buffer system provided selective separation conditions for EtS and vinylsulfonic acid, employed as internal standard, from urine matrix components. Sample pretreatment of urine was minimized to a 1:5 dilution with water. The optimized CE method was validated in the range of 5-700 mg/L using seven lots of urine. Intra- and inter-day precision and accuracy values, determined at 5, 60, and 700 mg/L with each lot of urine, fulfilled the requirements according to common guidelines for bioanalytical method validation. The application to forensic urine samples collected at autopsies as well as a successful cross-validation with a LC-MS/MS-based method confirmed the overall validity and real-world suitability of the developed expeditious CE assay (sample throughput 130 per day).
A sensitive and straightforward method for the determination of trihalomethanes (THMs) in urine by using headspace extraction technique has been developed. Chemical and instrumental variables were studied in order to optimize the method for sensitivity: an excess of KCl (4 g per 12 ml of urine), an oven temperature of 85 degrees C and an equilibration time of 30 min were selected. The use of the mass spectrometer in selected ion monitoring mode allows achieving linear ranges between 10 and 5000 ng/l and detection limits from 3 to 10 ng/l, for 12 ml of urine. The stability of the urine sample during storage at 4 and -20 degrees C was also evaluated: THMs remained stable for up to 2 days and 2 months, respectively. Finally, the method was successfully applied to study the THM uptake from swimmers of an indoor swimming pool, as well as non-swimmers. This study revealed that the concentrations of THMs in urine increased approximately three times for chloroform and bromodichloromethane after swimming activity. In addition, THMs in unchanged form were mainly excreted within 2-3h after the end of exposure.
INTRODUCTION: The laboratory determination of testosterone levels consistent with a diagnosis of hypogonadism is complicated by the availability of multiple testosterone assays and varying reference ranges. AIM: To assess current laboratory practices regarding availability of testosterone assays and use of reference values. METHODS: A telephone survey of 12 academic, 12 community medical laboratories, and one national laboratory. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Types of androgen assays offered and determination of reference values. RESULTS: All of the academic and eight of the community centers performed total testosterone testing. Free testosterone was performed in-house by six of the 12 academic and one community center. Testing for bioavailable testosterone, free androgen index, and percent free testosterone was performed in-house by no more than two centers. There were eight and four different assays used for total and free testosterone, respectively. One national laboratory offered equilibrium dialysis measurement of free testosterone. Of the 25 labs, there were 17 and 13 different sets of reference values for total and free testosterone, respectively. The low reference value for total testosterone ranged from 130 to 450 ng/dL (350% difference), and the upper value ranged from 486 to 1,593 ng/dL (325% difference). Age-adjusted reference values were applied in four centers for total testosterone and in seven labs for free testosterone. All reference values were based on a standard statistical model without regard for clinical aspects of hypogonadism. Twenty-three of the 25 lab directors responded that clinically relevant testosterone reference ranges would be preferable to current standards. CONCLUSIONS: Laboratory reference values for testosterone vary widely, and are established without clinical considerations. 
The objective of the study was to determine the relationship between cadmium (Cd) intake and cadmium toxicity indicators by meta-analysis of literature data, in particular beta2-microglobulin (beta2MC), and to compare the results with the current Provisional Tolerable Weekly Intake (PTWI) set by FAO/WHO. The literature survey identified 79 feeding trials involving 27,537 people that were suitable for extraction of cadmium intake, levels in blood and urine and beta2-microglobulin in urine. There was an exponential increase in beta2-microglobulin with increases in cadmium intake above 302 micro g/day, which corresponds to a PTWI of 3.02 micro g/kg of body weight, when a safety margin of 10 is included. This compares with the current level set by FAO/WHO of 7 micro g/kg of body weight. Cadmium in blood and urine were also positively related to cadmium intake and participants' age. There were two principal components of variation in the data set, first: cadmium intake, concentrations of cadmium in blood, urine and beta2-microglobulin in urine, and second: duration and age of exposure.
OBJECTIVES: To compare markers of alcohol consumption. DESIGN AND METHODS: Measurement of urinary ethyl glucuronide, 5-hydroxytryptophol, 5-hydroxytryptophol glucuronide, 5-hydroxyindole acetic acid in 10 patients during alcohol withdrawal. RESULTS: 5-Hydroxytryptophol glucuronide was measured by ELISA with good analytical precision, its diagnostic specificity and sensitivity was better than that of 5-hydroxytryptophol and its correlation was closer to ethyl glucuronide than to 5-hydroxytryptophol. CONCLUSION: Determination of 5-hydroxytryptophol glucuronide by ELISA offers promising results in detection of previous alcohol consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Red meat consumption is associated with an increased risk of colon cancer. Animal studies show that heme, found in red meat, promotes preneoplastic lesions in the colon, probably due to the oxidative properties of this compound. End products of lipid peroxidation, such as 4-hydroxynonenal metabolites or 8-iso-prostaglandin-F(2)alpha (8-iso-PGF(2)alpha), could reflect this oxidative process and could be used as biomarkers of colon cancer risk associated with heme intake. METHODS: We measured urinary excretion of 8-iso-PGF(2)alpha and 1,4-dihydroxynonane mercapturic acid (DHN-MA), the major urinary metabolite of 4-hydroxynonenal, in three studies. In a short-term and a carcinogenesis long-term animal study, we fed rats four different diets (control, chicken, beef, and blood sausage as a high heme diet). In a randomized crossover human study, four different diets were fed (a 60 g/d red meat baseline diet, 120 g/d red meat, baseline diet supplemented with heme iron, and baseline diet supplemented with non-heme iron). RESULTS: DHN-MA excretion increased dramatically in rats fed high heme diets, and the excretion paralleled the number of preneoplastic lesions in azoxymethane initiated rats (P < 0.0001). In the human study, the heme supplemented diet resulted in a 2-fold increase in DHN-MA (P < 0.001). Urinary 8-iso-PGF(2)alpha increased moderately in rats fed a high heme diet (P < 0.0001), but not in humans. CONCLUSION: Urinary DHN-MA is a useful noninvasive biomarker for determining the risk of preneoplastic lesions associated with heme iron consumption and should be further investigated as a potential biomarker of colon cancer risk. 
The main objective of this article was to study how the excretion of saturated fatty acids (SFA) is modified after the consumption of a high-saturated-fat diet that was supplemented with phytosterol and pectin. We present the results of a longitudinal 4-week study on guinea pigs. Diets were supplemented with 0.33% of cholesterol and differed in the content of pectin (three levels) and of phytosterols (three levels). Seventy-two female Dunkin Hartley guinea pigs were randomly assigned to the treatment groups (8 animals/group). Addition of phytosterol resulted in a decrease of lauric (12:0) and myristic (14:0) excretions and in an increase of arachidic (20:0) and behenic (22:0) excretions. Palmitic (16:0) and stearic (18:0) acids did not show a clear change after phytosterol supplementation. Addition of pectin resulted in a decreased excretion of all SFA, although this was not significant. These results suggest that phytosterols added to a high-saturated-fat diet enhance the absorption of the most atherogenic fatty acids (lauric and myristic) after 1 week of treatment, as compared with the high-saturated-fat diet alone.
Seabird productivity is shaped by marine resource availability. We examined the link between seabird productivity and an indirect measure of food availability: baseline plasma corticosterone. We predicted low productivity would coincide with elevated baseline corticosterone levels in Black-legged Kittiwakes (Rissa tridactyla). During a 5-year period of declining Kittiwake productivity in Chiniak Bay, Kodiak Island, Alaska, we found increasing baseline corticosterone levels during both incubation and chick-rearing. Significantly lower baseline corticosterone levels were observed in the years with the highest Kittiwake productivity and the least productive years exhibited the greatest baseline corticosterone levels in Kittiwakes. Although we did not measure food availability, declining Kittiwake productivity was consistent with warming ocean temperatures and decreased availability of forage fishes to apex predators. Baseline corticosterone measurements may help researchers assess how Kittiwakes are responding to variations in the marine environment.
BACKGROUND: Inflammation is a risk factor for mortality in patients with chronic renal failure (CRF). Prevention of extracellular fluid volume expansion and the use of certain drugs such as pentoxifylline (PF) may reduce inflammation and oxidative stress. The aim of this study is to analyze the effect of dietary sodium and PF treatment on the levels of inflammation and oxidative stress markers in rats with CRF. METHODS: CRF was induced in rats by 5/6 nephrectomy. Different groups of rats with CRF received low sodium (LNa, 0.01% sodium chloride [NaCl] in the diet), normal sodium (NNa, 0.05% NaCl in the diet), or high sodium diet (HNa, as in NNa plus 0.015% NaCl in the drinking water). An additional group received HNa plus PF treatment (25 mg/kg in the drinking water) for 60 days. Circulating creatinine, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), nitrites, thiols, malondialdehyde (MDA), and advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) were measured. RESULTS: Higher sodium intake was associated with higher serum creatinine levels (median; interquartile range), LNa, 1.255; 0.715, NNa, 1.305; 0.495, HNa, 2.015; 1.115 mg/dL (p < 0.05), TNF-alpha levels, LNa, 2.7; 23.6, NNa, 36.7; 47.7, HNa, 263.7; 126.5 pg/mL, and AOPP, LNa, 31.72; 7.55, NNa, 45.89; 9.38, HNa, 60.41; 37.42 microg/mL. MDA was not modified by sodium intake. PF treatment decreased serum TNF-alpha (151.7 pg/mL, p < 0.5) and AOPP (49.83 micromol/L, p < 0.03), and increased nitrites and thiols levels when compared with HNa rats. CONCLUSIONS: High sodium intake increases the serum concentration of inflammation and oxidative stress markers; these changes are prevented by PF treatment. 
The objective of this study is to evaluate the effect of cryopreservation at different storage temperatures on urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin (aMT6s) concentration. Overnight urine from 28 postmenopausal women participating in the ORDET cohort study was filtered and separated into 6 mL aliquots. Urine samples were stored at -80 degrees C and at -30 degrees C for an average of 14 years. Urinary aMT6s concentration was assessed using a competitive immunoassay. Mean aMT6s values of samples stored at -30 degrees C were systematically lower than those of samples stored at -80 degrees C (10.7 ng/mL versus 15.8 ng/mL, p<0.001). Bland Altman plots showed disagreement between determinations at different storage temperatures at the highest levels of the metabolite concentration. The degree of agreement evaluated in terms of intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.68 (95% CI 0.41-0.84, p<0.0001). Pearson's correlation coefficient between aMT6s values of the two differently stored samples was 0.93 (p<0.001), while the Kendal tau coefficient for rank distribution was 0.73 (p<0.001). Our data suggest that storage temperatures might affect degradation of aMT6s during storage. However, individual characterization by melatonin levels does not seem to be affected by cryopreservation conditions.
The total antioxidant capacity (TAC) of the diet may be an important tool to monitor the protective effect of plant foods in epidemiological studies. We developed a semi-quantitative FFQ for the assessment of dietary TAC by 3 different assays, i.e., Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC), total radical-trapping antioxidant parameter (TRAP) and ferric reducing-antioxidant power (FRAP). The FFQ consists of 53 questions about the major sources of dietary TAC in Northern Italy and was validated against a 3-d weighed food record (3D-WR) in 285 individuals (159 males and 126 females) aged 35-88 y and living in the province of Parma (Italy). Plasma TAC was also evaluated in a subgroup of subjects using the TEAC and FRAP assays. The FFQ was associated with 3D-WR (quadratic-weighted kappa = 0.49 for TEAC, 0.53 for TRAP, and 0.49 for FRAP; P < 0.0001) and proved reasonably accurate to classify individuals into quartiles of TAC intake. The FFQ had a good repeatability when readministered after 1 y in 55 subjects (quadratic-weighted kappa for intertertile agreement = 0.66 for TEAC, 0.70 for TRAP and 0.68 for FRAP; P < 0.0001). With both dietary instruments, the main contributors to TAC intake were coffee and tea in women and alcoholic beverages in men, followed by fruits and vegetables in both sexes. Plasma TAC and dietary TAC were not associated. In conclusion, our FFQ has the potential for being used to rank subjects on the basis of their antioxidant intake as determined by dietary TAC in large epidemiological studies. The FFQ should be validated in external populations before being used for research purposes.
BACKGROUND: Animal studies have shown that exposure to common, low-level environmental contaminants [e.g., polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), lead] causes excessive and inappropriate responding on intermittent reinforcement schedules. The Differential Reinforcement of Low Rates task (DRL) has been shown to be especially sensitive to low-level PCB exposure in monkeys. OBJECTIVES: We investigated the relationships between prenatal PCB and postnatal Pb exposure performance on a DRL schedule in children. We predicted that a) prenatal PCB exposure would reduce interresponse times (IRTs) and reinforcements earned, and b) postnatal Pb exposure would reduce IRTs and reinforcements earned. METHODS: We tested 167 children on a DRL20 (20 sec) reinforcement schedule, and recorded IRTs and the number of reinforced responses across the session. We measured prenatal PCB exposure (cord blood), methylmercury (MeHg) (maternal hair), and postnatal Pb exposure (venous blood), and > 50 potentially confounding variables. RESULTS: Results indicated impaired performance in children exposed to PCBs, MeHg, and Pb. Children prenatally exposed to PCBs responded excessively, with significantly lower IRTs and fewer reinforcers earned across the session. In addition, exposure to either MeHg or Pb predicted statistically significant impairments of a similar magnitude to those for PCBs, and the associated impairments of all three contaminants (PCB, MeHg, and Pb) were statistically independent of one another. CONCLUSIONS: These results, taken with animal literature, argue the high sensitivity of DRL performance to low-level PCB, MeHg, and Pb exposure. Future research should employ behavioral tasks in children, such as DRL, that have been demonstrably sensitive to low-level PCB, MeHg, and Pb exposure in animals. 
OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of an antiatherogenic diet on maternal and cord blood concentrations of systemic biomarkers of endothelial cell activation, haemostasis and inflammation. DESIGN: Single blinded randomised controlled clinical trial. SETTING: Obstetric outpatient clinic and maternity unit of a university hospital in Norway. POPULATION: Nonsmoking pregnant women aged 21-38 years carrying a single fetus and with no previous pregnancy-related complications. METHODS: Subjects (n = 290) were randomised to continue their usual diet or to adopt a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol from gestational week 17-20 to birth. Soluble forms of cellular adhesion molecules, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) and haemostatic markers were measured at 17-20 weeks of gestation (baseline) and subsequently up to week 36. All the above, except CRP, were also measured in cord blood. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Concentrations of maternal and fetal biomarkers and maternal CRP. RESULTS: All biomarkers except CRP levels increased significantly during the study period in both the intervention and control groups. None of the maternal or fetal biomarkers were influenced by the intervention (P > 0.05) except for a tendency to lower concentrations of cord blood tissue plasminogen activator antigen in the intervention group compared with the control group, median (interquartile range) 5.4 ng/ml (3.1-7.7) versus 5.8 ng/ml (3.5-11.8), P = 0.05. CONCLUSION: An antiatherogenic diet in pregnancy did not significantly influence maternal or fetal blood concentrations of a range of biomarkers for inflammation. Thus, the previously reported effects of a cholesterol-lowering diet on maternal lipid profile and preterm delivery (<37 complete weeks of gestation) do not seem to involve changes in the systemic inflammatory responses of pregnancy. 
Blood samples of pregnant women aged between 19 and 42 years at the time they gave birth and milk samples from the same women following delivery were collected between September 2000 and January 2003 from 169 participants living in an industrialized area of Germany (Duisburg birth cohort study). All samples were analyzed for their content of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) as well as dioxin-like and indicator polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB). Levels of WHO-TEq were in the range of 4.34-97.3 pg/g(lipid base) (median: 26.37, arithmetic mean: 28.36) for blood, or 3.01-78.7 pg/g(lipid base) (median: 26.40, arithmetic mean: 27.27) for milk, respectively. The four congeners 12378-PeCDD, 23478-PeCDF, 33'44'5-PeCB (# 126) and 233'44'5-HxCB (# 156) contribute the main share to total WHO-TEq. The contribution of PCDD/F in relation to PCB to total WHO-TEq was 60:40% in blood and 52:48% in milk. Good correlations of the contaminant levels in lipid base between both matrices were found. The distribution between blood and milk depends on the molecular weight of the substances. Higher chlorinated PCDD/F- and PCB-congeners were found in 2-4-fold higher concentrations in blood in relation to milk and the concentrations of lower chlorinated PCB-congeners were up to 2-fold higher in milk in relation to blood. The body burden of PCDD/F and PCB increases with age and decreases over the total nursing period. Women who had lived outside highly industrialized countries showed lower concentrations of PCDD/F and PCB. In some cases, elevated levels of PCB were observed when the women had previously lived in Eastern Europe for a long time. In comparison with recent data, the decline in human PCDD/F and PCB levels observed during the nineties seems to have stopped. The individual exposures of the infants due to breastfeeding within the first 18 months were calculated to be from 4.4 to 318 ng WHO-TEq (median: 106, arithmetic mean: 118). The actual mean daily exposure of a breastfed infant can be estimated to 131 pg WHO-TEq/kg(body weight).
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental contaminants, and a number of them are carcinogenic. One approach for measuring exposure to them is to determine the concentrations of metabolites in urine. The pyrene metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene has been used as a biomarker for exposure in numerous studies. However, determination of exposure to several PAHs may be advantageous, since the relative amounts may vary depending upon the exposure source. We developed a liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method for the determination of phenolic metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, and pyrene in human urine. Following enzymatic cleavage of the glucuronide and sulfate conjugates, the phenolic metabolites are extracted from urine and converted to pentafluorobenzyl ethers. These derivatives greatly enhance the sensitivity of detection by atmospheric pressure chemical ionization in the negative ion mode. Lower limits of quantitation range from 0.01 to 0.5 ng/mL. Stable isotope-labeled internal standards were synthesized or obtained commercially. Data on urinary excretion of several PAH metabolites in urine of smokers and nonsmokers are presented.
Effects of perinatal exposure to dioxins, PCBs and organochlorine pesticides on lymphocyte subsets were investigated in the peripheral blood from 101 Japanese infants with approximately 10 months of age. Perinatal exposure to these organochlorine compounds were estimated by their contamination levels in the breast milk of the mothers. Lymphocyte subsets such as CD16+, HLA-DR+, CD4+, CD4+8+, CD8+, CD3+ and CD20+ cells in peripheral venous blood were assessed in a subgroup of 92 infants. Greater exposures to HCE, chlordane and dioxins were significantly associated with the increase in the percentages of CD8+ and CD3+ T lymphocytes and CD4+/CD8+ T cell ratios, respectively. In addition, higher HCH exposure was also associated with a decrease in the percentage of HLA-DR+ T lymphocytes. Furthermore effects of dioxins, DDT and PCBs on the percentage of CD16+ T lymphocyte were more pronounced by the combined exposure of dioxins and PCBs or by the combined exposure of DDT and PCBs. Effects of HCE on the percentages of CD8+ T lymphocyte were also more pronounced by the combined exposure of HCE and chlordane. In conclusion, our study suggests that greater exposures to dioxins, PCBs and organochlorine pesticides determined in this study (except dieldrin) influence the immune system of Japanese infant, although the clinical significance of these changes is uncertain.
Human, animal, and in vitro research indicates a beneficial effect of appropriate amounts of omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on bone health. This is the first controlled feeding study in humans to evaluate the effect of dietary plant-derived n-3 PUFA on bone turnover, assessed by serum concentrations of N-telopeptides (NTx) and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BSAP). Subjects (n = 23) consumed each diet for 6 weeks in a randomized, 3-period crossover design: 1) Average American Diet (AAD; [34% total fat, 13% saturated fatty acids (SFA), 13% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), 9% PUFA (7.7% LA, 0.8% ALA)]), 2) Linoleic Acid Diet (LA; [37% total fat, 9% SFA, 12% MUFA, 16% PUFA (12.6% LA, 3.6% ALA)]), and 3) alpha-Linolenic Acid Diet (ALA; [38% total fat, 8% SFA, 12% MUFA, 17% PUFA (10.5% LA, 6.5% ALA)]). Walnuts and flaxseed oil were the predominant sources of ALA. NTx levels were significantly lower following the ALA diet (13.20 +/- 1.21 nM BCE), relative to the AAD (15.59 +/- 1.21 nM BCE) (p < 0.05). Mean NTx level following the LA diet was 13.80 +/- 1.21 nM BCE. There was no change in levels of BSAP across the three diets. Concentrations of NTx were positively correlated with the pro-inflammatory cytokine TNFalpha for all three diets. The results indicate that plant sources of dietary n-3 PUFA may have a protective effect on bone metabolism via a decrease in bone resorption in the presence of consistent levels of bone formation.
This study deals with a PCB, PCDD and PCDF contamination in Brescia, a city in the North-West of Italy, affecting an area with about 11000 inhabitants. The area is close to an industrial plant that produced, in total, some 31,000 ton of PCB. A relevant part of the polluted area is agricultural soil, where cattle were fed with polluted forage and farmers were consuming their own products, so that contamination led eventually to human exposure. Total levels of PCDD/Fs varied from 8 to 592 pgTE(WHO)/g for soil samples and when the dioxin-like PCBs (dl-PCBs) are included, the levels varied from 14.6 to 1033.7 pgTE(WHO)/g. In several cases, the legal limit was exceeded by more than one order of magnitude, with the highest contamination in some agricultural areas and in the surrounding zones. For the forage samples, total levels of PCDD/Fs varied from 0.29 to 2.04 pgTE(WHO)/g and, when dl-PCBs are included, this range increased from 2.04 to 4.75 pgTE(WHO)/g. PCB contamination of the forage through vapor condensation seemed to be relevant. The toxic contribution of dl-PCBs is always relevant and must be considered for risk management. The main component of the contamination source is probably a heavy PCB mixture, such as Aroclor 1262. The study dealt generally with the contamination transfer of PCBs, PCDDs and PCDFs from soil up to humans across the food chain. Results on soils and forages are shown, while measurements concerning the contamination of the animals fed with contaminated forage, and the exposure of the farmers (through human serum analyses), as compared to general population, will be reported in a dedicated paper.
BACKGROUND: Among other methods, trichloroacetic acid precipitation is used to quantify total protein in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). METHODS: We analyzed the influence of hemoglobin on total protein concentration assayed by the trichloroacetic acid method and compared the results to the benzethonium chloride method. RESULTS: Four CSF samples were spiked with different amounts of hemoglobin, leading to overestimation of protein concentration when assayed by the trichloroacetic acid method. Using the benzethonium chloride method, measurement of protein concentration was minimally disturbed. In addition, albumin and total protein concentrations were measured in 135 clinical samples. The total protein/albumin ratio remained constant when protein was measured with the benzethonium chloride method, while ratios increased when protein was assayed by the trichloroacetic acid method. CONCLUSIONS: Strong interference by hemoglobin leads to overestimation of the total protein concentration in CSF when assayed by the trichloroacetic acid method and may lead to false conclusions when evaluating the blood-brain barrier. 
A psychoacoustic model is presented to facilitate the installation of acoustic warning devices in noisy settings, reflecting a major upgrade of a former tool, Detectsound. The model can be used to estimate the optimal level and spectrum of acoustic warning signals based on the noise field in the workplace, the hearing status of workers, and the attenuation provided by hearing protectors. The new version can be applied to a wider range of situations. Analyses can now be conducted to meet the functional requirements for a specific worker or to suit the needs for a group of co-workers sharing a work area. Computation of optimal warning signals can also be made from estimated hearing parameters based on the worker age, gender, and level and duration of noise exposure. The results of a laboratory validation study showed that the mean error in estimating detection thresholds for normal hearing individuals is typically within +/-1 dB with a standard deviation of less than 2.5 dB in white noise or continuous noise fields. The model tends to yield slightly overestimated warning signal detection thresholds in fluctuating noises. Proper application of the tool also requires consideration of the variability in estimating noise levels, hearing status, and hearing protector attenuation under field conditions to ensure that acoustic warning signals are sufficiently loud and well adjusted in practice.
The effects of long-term exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on developmental dental defects of deciduous and permanent teeth in children in eastern Slovakia, where PCBs from a chemical plant manufacturing Delors contaminated the surrounding district were evaluated. Four hundred and thirtytwo children, lifelong residents, aged 8-9 years were examined. Children's caries susceptibility and gingival health was assessed by standard dental indices, and developmental enamel defects by the FDI index. Data from the PCBRISK project data set and questionnaires completed by the parents provided information on exposure and various confounding factors. The proportion of teeth with different types and extensions of developmental enamel defects correlated with serum PCB concentration. The proportion of deciduous teeth affected with enamel defects was significantly higher in higher exposed children (chi(2)=8.35; p=0.03) according to their serum PCB concentration (group 0: <200; group 1: 200-600; group 2: >600 ng PCBs g(-1) serum lipids). The proportion of permanent teeth affected with any enamel defect was significantly higher in higher exposed children (chi2=7.237; p=0.027). Furthermore, the extent of the enamel defects was also greater (chi2=10.714; p=0.005). In multivariate linear regression analysis PCB exposure was significantly related to developmental enamel defects of permanent teeth only. No associations between PCB exposure and caries susceptibility, gingival health or number of teeth were observed. This study demonstrated a dose-response relationship between PCB exposure and developmental enamel defects of permanent teeth in children, the evidence for deciduous teeth was not conclusive.
Oxygenated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (oxy-PAHs) such as polycyclic aromatic quinones and polycyclic aromatic ketones as well as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are abundant in the atmospheric environment. In this study, mRNA induction of six metabolic enzymes including P4501A1, 1A2, and 1B1, aldo-keto reductase 1C1 (AKR1C1), NAD(P)H-dependent quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), and glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1) were examined in detail in human hepatoma (HepG2) cells exposed to environmentally relevant 13 PAHs and seven oxy-PAHs. Most PAHs such as benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) showed significant induction of P4501A1 and 1A2 mRNA, while induction by oxy-PAHs such as 5,12-naphthacenequinone (NCQ) and 11H-benzo[b]fluoren-11-one (B[b]FO) occurred less strongly. AKR1C1 mRNA was significantly induced by oxy-PAHs, 11H-benzo[a]fluoren-11-one (B[a]FO), NCQ, cyclopenta[cd]pyren-3(4H)-one (CPPO), and B[b]FO and also by P450s-inducing PAHs such as B[a]P, benzo[k]fluoranthene (B[k]FA), and dibenz[a,h]anthracene (DB[a,h]A). Both chemical-dependent and time-dependent induction patterns of NQO1 mRNA were of the mixed types of P4501A1 and AKR1C1. The tendency for the decrease of GSTM1 mRNA was observed when exposed to PAHs B[a]P and B[k]FA.
Aside from the physical effects of oiling (e.g., hypothermia, dehydration, emaciation), chronic toxicity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) contamination is an important factor influencing long-term recovery of oiled sea birds following an oil spill. Monitoring PAH exposure can help identify populations at risk from toxic effects of PAHs for further study and/or protection. This is the first studyto quantify PAH and metabolite tissue burdens in sea birds directly oiled following oil spills. PAHs and hydroxylated PAHs were quantified in liver samples from oiled Common Guillemots (Uria aalge) stranded along the East Coast of England using gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC-MS). Mean parent and metabolite PAH concentrations were 0.25+/-0.09 (range 0.04-0.97) and 0.52+/-0.14 (range 0.05-1.48) microg/g (wet wt.), respectively. The main source of PAH exposure was via ingestion of crude oil during preening, resulting in PAH uptake and tissue contamination beyond levels expected from exposure via the food chain. PAH composition corresponded with number of benzene rings in each compound and was typical of contamination from petrogenic sources; pentacyclic < tri- and tetracyclic < tricyclic < dicyclic PAHs. The occurrence of PAH metabolites detected in liver samples also provided evidence of the presence and stereoselectivity of hepatic microsomal CYP1A1 in common guillemots.
BACKGROUND: Controversial results have been reported about the effects of alcoholism on the functionality of monocytes. In the present study we analyze the effects of chronic alcoholism on the intracellular production of inflammatory cytokines by peripheral blood (PB) monocytes. METHODS: Spontaneous and in vitro-stimulated production of interleukin (IL) 1alpha (TNFalpha) by PB monocytes was analyzed at the single level by flow cytometry in chronic alcoholics without liver disease and active ethanol (EtOH) intake (AWLD group), as well as in patients with alcohol liver cirrhosis (ALC group), who were either actively drinking (ALCET group) or with alcohol withdrawal (ALCAW group). RESULTS: A significantly increased spontaneous production of IL1beta, IL6, IL12, and TNFalpha was observed on PB monocytes among AWLD individuals. Conversely, circulating monocytes form ALCET patients showed an abnormally low spontaneous and stimulated production of inflammatory cytokines. No significant changes were observed in ALCAW group as regards production of IL1beta, IL6, IL12, and TNFalpha. CONCLUSION: Our results show an altered pattern of production of inflammatory cytokines in PB monocytes from chronic alcoholic patients, the exact abnormalities observed depending on both the status of EtOH intake and the existence of alcoholic liver disease. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are a widespread aquatic contaminant and are present in both wild and hatchery raised Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar. The possible sub-lethal alterations in smolt physiology and behavior due to PCB exposure of salmon have not been widely examined. In this study, we examined the effects of the PCB mixture Aroclor 1254 on survival and smolt development of Atlantic salmon. In separate experiments, fish were exposed as yolk-sac larvae or as juveniles just prior to the parr-smolt transformation in April to 1 microgl(-1) (PCB-1) or 10 microgl(-1) (PCB-10) aqueous Aroclor 1254 (A1254), or vehicle for 21 days. After exposure, yolk-sac larvae were reared at ambient conditions for 1 year, until the peak of smolting the following May. Juveniles were sampled immediately after exposure. Both groups were assessed for behavioral, osmoregulatory, and endocrine disruption of smolt development at the peak of smolting. PCB-1 and PCB-10 treated yolk-sac larvae exhibited significant increases in the rate of opercular movement after 14 and 21 days of exposure. At the peak of smolting, prior exposure as yolk-sac larvae to PCB-1 did not affect behavior, while PCB-10 dramatically decreased volitional preference for seawater. Neither concentration of A1254 had long-term effects on the osmoregulatory or endocrine parameters measured in animals exposed as yolk-sac larvae. Juvenile fish exposed to PCB-1 or PCB-10 during smolting exhibited a dose-dependent reduction in preference for seawater. Fish treated with the higher dose of A1254 also exhibited a 50% decrease in gill Na(+),K(+)-ATPase activity and a 10% decrease in plasma chloride levels in freshwater. In addition, plasma triiodothyronine was reduced 35-50% and plasma cortisol 58% in response to exposure to either concentration; whereas plasma thyroxine, growth hormone, and insulin-like growth factor I levels were unaffected. These results indicate that the effects of exposure to A1254 may vary according to developmental stage. Exposure to A1254 in the freshwater environment can inhibit preparatory adaptations that occur during smolting, thereby reducing marine survival and sustainability of salmon populations.
We measured levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho, and mono-ortho substituted PCBs in 106 US Air Force Vietnam veterans, participants of the Air Force Health Study (AFHS) who attended the final medical examination in 2002. Twelve veterans were Ranch Hands involved in aerial spraying of herbicides in Vietnam (1962-1971), and 94 were Comparisons who flew transport missions in Southeast Asia (SEA) during the same time period. These veterans had no previous 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) measurement because they had not attended any of the previous AFHS examinations, or their previous measurements were missing or not valid. The mean TCDD levels in 2002 were 1.7 pg/g lipid in Comparisons and 5.5 pg/g lipid in Ranch Hands. The mean PCDD toxic equivalent - TEQ (1997) in Comparisons was 12.6 pg/g lipid, 5.4 pg/g lipid for PCDFs, 5.2 pg/g lipid for non-ortho PCBs, and 9.4 pg/g lipid for mono-ortho PCBs, with a total mean TEQ (1997) of 32.6 pg/g lipid. Corresponding mean TEQs in Ranch Hands were 15.5 pg/g lipid for PCDDs, 4.6 pg/g lipid for PCDFs, 2.2 pg/g lipid for non-ortho PCBs, and 9.3 pg/g lipid for mono-ortho PCBs, yielding the total mean TEQ (1997) of 31.6pg/g lipid. Using the re-evaluated 2005 WHO TEFs, the total mean TEQs (2005) decreased by about 28% in both Comparisons and Ranch Hands, to 23.6 pg/g lipid and 22.8 pg/g lipid, respectively. This was mainly due to changes of TEFs for the group of mono-ortho PCBs, which decreased the mono-ortho PCBs TEQs by almost 90% in both Ranch Hands and Comparisons.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitous and persistent environmental contaminants that disturb normal endocrine functions including gonadal functions in humans and mammals. The present study was conducted to elucidate the protective role of vitamins C and E against Aroclor 1254-induced changes in Leydig cell steroidogenic acute regulatory (StAR) protein and steroidogenic enzymes mRNA expression. Adult male rats were dosed for 30 days with daily intraperitoneal (i.p.) injection of 2 mg/kg Aroclor 1254 or vehicle (corn oil). One group of rats was treated with vitamin C (100 mg/kg bw day) while the other group was treated with vitamin E (50 mg/kg bw day) orally, simultaneously with Aroclor 1254 for 30 days. One day after the last treatment, animals were euthanized and blood was collected for the assay of serum hormones such as luteinizing hormone (LH), follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), testosterone and estradiol. The serum androgen binding protein was also estimated. Testes were quickly removed and Leydig cells were isolated in aseptic condition. Purity of Leydig cells was determined by 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (3beta-HSD) staining methods. Purified Leydig cells were used for quantification of androgen and estrogen receptors. In addition, total RNA was isolated from control and treated Leydig cells to monitor the steady-state mRNA levels by RT-PCR for StAR protein, cytochrome P(450)scc, 3beta-HSD and 17beta-HSD. Aroclor 1254 treatment significantly reduced the serum LH, FSH, testosterone, estradiol and androgen binding protein. In addition to this, Leydig cell androgen and estrogen receptors were markedly decreased. RT-PCR analysis of StAR mRNA level did not alter Aroclor 1254 treatment while steroidogenic enzymes such as cytochrome P(450)scc, 3beta-HSD and 17beta-HSD mRNAs were drastically decreased in Aroclor 1254 treatment. However, the simultaneous administration of vitamins C or E in Aroclor 1254-exposed rats resulted a significant restoration of all the above-mentioned parameters to the control level. These observations suggest that vitamins C and E have ameliorative role against PCBs-induced testicular Leydig cells dysfunction.
Phosphorylation of histone H2AX on serine 139 (gamma-H2AX, gammaH2AX) occurs at sites flanking DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs) and can provide a measure of the number of DSBs within a cell. Here we describe a rapid and simple flow-cytometry-based method, optimized to measure gamma-H2AX in non-fixed peripheral blood cells. No DSB induced signal was observed in H2AX-/- cells indicating that our FACS method specifically recognized gamma-H2AX accumulation. The gamma-H2AX assay was capable of detecting DNA damage at levels 100-fold below the detection limit of the alkaline comet assay. The gamma-H2AX signal was quantitative with a linear increase of the gamma-H2AX signal over two orders of magnitude. We found that all nucleated blood cell types examined, including the short-lived neutrophils induce gamma-H2AX in response to DSBs. Interindividual difference in the gamma-H2AX signal in response to ionizing radiation and the DSB-inducing drug calicheamicin was almost 2-fold in blood cells from patients, indicating that the amount of gamma-H2AX produced in response to a given dose of radiation varies significantly in the human population. This simple method could be used to monitor response to radiation or DNA-damaging drugs.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Previously, we reported that although human parvovirus B19 in albumin and intravenous immunoglobulin preparations was rapidly inactivated during liquid heating, in contrast to other parvoviruses such as canine parvovirus, sensitivity to heat was highly dependent on the composition of the solution. In this study, we aimed to further elucidate the sensitivity to heat of B19 in haptoglobin and antithrombin (previously named antithrombin III) preparations during liquid heating. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two different solutions collected immediately before heat treatment of haptoglobin and antithrombin preparations were spiked with B19 and subsequently treated at 60 degrees C for 10 h. B19 DNA-positive, anti-B19 IgG/IgM-negative plasma was used as a source of B19. The residual infectivity in each sample was measured using a B19 cell-based infectivity assay with an mRNA polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: B19 in different plasma preparations showed different heat-sensitivity patterns during liquid heating: (i) slow inactivation in haptoglobin preparations, and (ii) only limited inactivation in antithrombin preparations. The kinetics of inactivation was greatly different from that in our previous studies in which the virus was shown to be rapidly inactivated in albumin and intravenous immunoglobulin preparations. CONCLUSION: B19 has unique properties in terms of heat sensitivity, depending on the composition of the solution during liquid heating. This finding may indicate the need for caution when interpreting the sensitivity of B19 to heat. 
OBJECTIVE: Obesity-related under-reporting of usual dietary intake is one of the most persistent sources of bias in nutrition research. The aim of this paper is to characterize obese and non-obese individuals with respect to reporting errors observed with two common dietary instruments, using energy and protein recovery biomarkers as reference measures. POPULATION AND METHODS: This report employs data from the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) study. Analyses are based on stratified samples of 211 (57 obese) men and 179 (50 obese) women who completed 24-h recalls (24HR), food frequency questionnaires (FFQ), doubly labelled water (DLW) and urinary nitrogen (UN) assessments. RESULTS: In obese and non-obese subgroups, FFQ yielded lower energy and protein intake estimates than 24HR, although biomarker-based information indicated under-reporting with both dietary instruments. Gender differences in obesity-related bias were noted. Among women, the DLW-based energy requirement was 378 kcal greater in obese than in non-obese groups; the FFQ was able to detect a statistically significant portion of this extra energy, while the 24HR was not. Among men, the DLW-based energy requirement was 485 kcal greater in the obese group; however, neither FFQ nor 24HR detected this difference in energy requirement. Combining protein and energy estimates, obese men significantly over-reported the proportion of energy from protein using the 24HR, but not with the FFQ. In obese women, no significant reporting error for energy percent protein was observed by either method. At the individual level, correlations between energy expenditure and reported energy intake tended to be weaker in obese than non-obese groups, particularly with the 24HR. Correlations between true and reported protein density were consistently higher than for protein or energy alone, and did not vary significantly with obesity. CONCLUSION: This work adds to existing evidence that neither of these commonly used dietary reporting methods adequately measures energy or protein intake in obese groups. The 24HR, while capturing more realistic energy distributions for usual intake, may be particularly problematic in the obese. 
PURPOSE: We investigated the intraobserver reproducibility of myocardial blood flow (MBF) measurements with PET at rest and during cold pressor test (CPT), and the interobserver agreement. METHODS: Twenty normal volunteers were studied. Using (13)N-ammonia, MBF was measured at rest and during CPT and measurement was repeated in a 1-day session (short-term reproducibility; SR). After a follow-up of 2 weeks, MBF was measured again at rest and during CPT and compared with the initial baseline measurement (long-term reproducibility; LR). In addition, adenosine-induced hyperemic MBF increases were assessed. RESULTS: Assessment of the SR did not show a significant absolute difference in MBF at rest, MBF during CPT or the endothelium-related change in MBF from rest to CPT (DeltaMBF) (0.09 +/- 0.10, 0.11 +/- 0.09, and 0.08 +/- 0.05 ml/g/min; p = NS), and they were linearly correlated (r = 0.72, r = 0.76 and r = 0.84; p < 0.0001). Corresponding values for standard error of the estimate (SEE), as indicative for the range of MBF measurement error, were 0.14, 0.14, and 0.09 ml/g/min. The LR yielded relatively higher but non-significant absolute differences in the MBF at rest, MBF during CPT and DeltaMBF (0.10 +/- 0.10, 0.14 +/- 0.10, and 0.19 +/- 0.10 ml/g/min; p = NS), and paired MBFs significantly correlated (r = 0.75, r = 0.71, and r = 0.60; p < 0.001). Corresponding SEEs were 0.13, 0.15, and 0.16 ml/g/min. The interobserver analysis yielded a high correlation for MBF at rest, MBF during CPT, and hyperemic MBF (r = 0.96, SEE=0.04; r = 0.78, SEE=0.11; and r = 0.87, SEE=0.28; p < 0.0001, respectively), and also a good interobserver correlation for DeltaMBF (r = 0.62, SEE=0.09; p < 0.003). CONCLUSION: Short- and long-term MBF responses to CPT, as an index for endothelium-related coronary vasomotion, can be measured reproducibly with (13)N-ammonia PET. In addition, the high interobserver reproducibility for repeat analysis of MBF values suggests the measurements to be largely operator independent. 
OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association between adherence to Mediterranean diet and fasting indices of glucose homoeostasis, in a Greek adult population. METHODS: During 2001-2002 we randomly enrolled 1514 men and 1528 women (18-89 years old) without history of CVD, from the Attica area. Diabetes mellitus (type 2) and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) were defined according to the established ADA criteria. Insulin resistance was evaluated by HOMA-IR. Dietary habits were assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire and a diet score (range 0-55) was developed (higher values means greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet). RESULTS: The overall prevalence of diabetes type 2 was 7.9% in men and 6.0% in women (P = 0.05). Mean diet score was 26.3 +/- 6.8 in normoglycemic, 25.7 +/- 6.4 in IFG and 22.2 +/- 5.8 in diabetic subjects (p < 0.001). In normoglycemic subjects who were in the upper tertile of the diet score we observed 7% lower glucose (p < 0.05), 5% lower insulin (p < 0.05) and 15% lower HOMA-IR (p < 0.01) levels compared to subjects in the lower tertile of the diet score. Additionally, in diabetic/IFG participants who where in the upper tertile of the diet score we observed 15% lower glucose (p < 0.05), 15% lower insulin (p < 0.05) and 27% lower HOMA-IR (p < 0.01) levels compared to those in the lower tertile. However, multiple regression analysis, adjusted for age, sex, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio, physical activity, smoking status, and presence of hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, confirmed the previous associations in normoglycemic, but not in diabetic/IFG people. CONCLUSION: An inverse association was observed between adherence to Mediterranean diet and indices of glucose homeostasis, only in normoglycemic people. 
Free radicals and other reactive oxygen or nitrogen species are constantly generated in vivo and can cause oxidative damage to DNA. This damage has been implicated to be important in many diseases, including cancer. The assessment of damage in various biological matrices, such as tissues, cells, and urine, is vital to understanding this role and subsequently devising intervention strategies. During the last 20 years, many analytical techniques have been developed to monitor oxidative DNA base damage. High-performance liquid chromatography-electrochemical detection and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry are the two pioneering contributions to the field. Currently, the arsenal of methods available include the promising high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry technique, capillary electrophoresis, 32P-postlabeling, antibody-base immunoassays, and assays involving the use of DNA repair glycosylases such as the comet assay. The objective of this review is to discuss the biological significance of oxidative DNA damage, evaluate the effectiveness of several techniques for measurement of oxidative DNA damage in various biological samples and review current research on factors (dietary and non-dietary) that influence DNA oxidative damage using these techniques.
BACKGROUND: Recent studies have raised concerns about polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardant exposures to pregnant women and women of child-bearing age in the United States. Few studies have measured PBDEs in immigrant populations. OBJECTIVES: Our goal was to characterize levels of seven PBDE congeners, polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB)-153, and polybrominated biphenyl (PBB)-153 in plasma from 24 pregnant women of Mexican descent living in an agricultural community in California. RESULTS: The median concentration of the sum of the PBDE congeners was 21 ng/g lipid and ranged from 5.3 to 320 ng/g lipid. Consistent with other studies, 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-47) was found at the highest concentration (median = 11 ng/g lipid; range, 2.5-205) followed by 2,2',4,4',5-pentabromobiphenyl (BDE-99) (median = 2.9 ng/g lipid; range, 0.5-54), 2,2',4,4',5-pentaBDE (BDE-100) (median = 1.8 ng/g lipid; range, 0.6-44), and 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexaBDE (BDE-153) (median = 1.5 ng/g lipid; range, 0.4-35). Levels of PCB-153 (median= 4.4 ng/g lipid; range, < 2-75) were lower than U.S. averages and uncorrelated with PBDE levels, suggesting different exposure routes. CONCLUSIONS: The overall levels of PBDEs found were lower than levels observed in other U.S. populations, although still higher than those observed previously in Europe or Japan. The upper range of exposure is similar to what has been reported in other U.S. populations. PBDEs have been associated with adverse developmental effects in animals. Future studies are needed to determine the sources and pathways of PBDE exposures and whether these exposures have adverse effects on human health. 
BACKGROUND: Hormonally active environmental agents have been measured among U.S. children using exposure biomarkers in urine. However, little is known about their variation by race, age, sex, and geography, and no data exist for newly developed biomarkers. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to characterize relevant, prevalent exposures for a study of female pubertal development. METHODS: In a pilot study among 90 girls from New York City, New York, Cincinnati, Ohio, and northern California, we measured 25 urinary analytes representing 22 separate agents from three chemical families: phytoestrogens, phthalates, and phenols. Exposures occur chiefly from the diet and from household or personal care products. RESULTS: Participants represented four racial/ethnic groups (Asian, black, Hispanic, white), with mean age of 7.77 years. Most analytes were detectable in > 94% of samples. The highest median concentrations for individual analytes in each family were for enterolactone (298 microg/L), monoethylphthalate (MEP; 83.2 microg/L), and benzophenone-3 (BP3; 14.7 microg/L). Few or no data have been reported previously for four metabolites: mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate, tridosan, bisphenol A (BPA), and BP3; these were detected in 67-100% of samples with medians of 1.8-53.2 microg/L. After multivariate adjustment, two analytes, enterolactone and BPA, were higher among girls with body mass index < 85th reference percentile than those at or above the 85th percentile. Three phthalate metabolites differed by race/ethnicity [MEP, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, and mono-3-carboxypropylphthalate]. CONCLUSIONS: A wide spectrum of hormonally active exposure biomarkers were detectable and variable among young girls, with high maximal concentrations (> 1,000 microg/L) found for several analytes. They varied by characteristics that may be relevant to development. 
OBJECTIVES: To discuss present knowledge about the relation between adipose tissue, inflammation and the Mediterranean-style diet. DESIGN: Review of the literature and personal perspectives. SETTING AND RESULTS: Recent studies indicate that adipose tissue is an endocrine organ producing numerous proteins, collectively referred to as adipokines, with broad biological activity, which play an important autocrine role in obesity-associated complications. Adipose tissue in general and visceral fat in particular are thought to be key regulators of inflammation which is heavily involved in the onset and development of atherothrombotic disease. Moreover, chronic inflammation may also represent a triggering factor in the origin of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus. An increased release of proinflammatory adipokines from the visceral adipose tissue, associated with a reduced secretion of anti-inflammatory adipokines and cytokines, could determine a low-grade chronic inflammatory state which might play a role in the future development of the metabolic syndrome, diabetes and atherosclerosis through both insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction. Interventions aimed at decreasing weight loss and improving adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet in people with obesity or metabolic syndrome decrease the inflammatory milieu and ameliorate both insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction. CONCLUSIONS: Appropriate dietary patterns, as those associated with the eating model of Mediterranean-type diets, represent therapeutic strategies to reduce inflammation and the associated metabolic and cardiovascular risk. 
The upper Hudson River has been heavily contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) due to discharges from former electrical capacitor plants in Hudson Falls and Fort Edward, NY. An epidemiologic study was conducted to assess the impact of dietary and residential exposure on PCB body burden among older, long-term, non-occupationally exposed adults living in the vicinity of these former capacitor plants. The study population consisted of 133 persons 55-74 years of age who had lived in Hudson Falls or Fort Edward for 25 years or more. The comparison group consisted of 120 persons from Glens Falls, which is upriver. Both groups were interviewed, and blood samples were obtained for congener-specific PCB analysis. Persons from the study area reported greater past consumption of Hudson River fish than did the comparison area, but current rates were very low in both areas. The geometric mean serum PCB concentrations for the study and comparison populations did not differ significantly (3.07 ppb wet weight and 3.23 ppb, respectively, for total PCB). Serum PCB concentrations increased with cumulative lifetime exposure to PCBs from Hudson River fish consumption (p<0.10). Persons who lived within 800 m of the river did not have significantly greater serum PCB concentrations than the control population, nor did persons who lived downwind and within 800 m of a PCB-contaminated site. The results indicate no detectable differences in serum PCB levels according to proximity or wind direction relative to local point sources, but lifetime consumption of Hudson River fish was positively associated with serum PCB concentrations.
INTRODUCTION: The question of whether antibiotic treatment does or does not affect reliability of white blood cell scan (WBCS) to detect disease activity in clinical practice is still unanswered. Our aim was to study the relationship between scintigraphic findings of WBCS and antibiotic therapy in a group of patients affected with osteomyelitis (OM). METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed 57 scans, performed in 18 patients affected by OM and who were on antibiotic treatment. The number of therapy weeks was calculated for each antibiotic. A comparison of results obtained during and after discontinuation of the antibiotic treatment was made. Overall sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of WBCS were calculated and compared with those obtained in patients undergoing therapy. RESULTS: Forty-seven scans were performed during treatment and 10 scans after discontinuation of treatment. The scintigraphic results obtained during and after discontinuation of treatment were as follows: TN 14 and 8, TP 31 and 2, FN 2 and 0, FP 0 and 0, respectively. Sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of WBCS, calculated in all patients, were 94.3%, 100% and 96.5% respectively. In patients receiving antibiotic therapy, the same parameters were 93.9%, 100% and 95.7% respectively. In patients treated with antibiotics that can decrease leukocyte function, there were 10 TN, 14 TP, 2 FN and 0 FP, while in patients treated with antibiotics that have not effect on leukocyte function there were 4 TN, 17 TP, 0 FN and 0 FP. CONCLUSION: The reliability of WBCS in the detection of disease activity during antibiotic treatment does not change significantly. It can be assumed that the influence of antibiotic therapy on labelled leukocyte behaviour is negligible. 
In a retrospective human biomonitoring study we analyzed 24h urine samples taken from the German Environmental Specimen Bank for Human Tissues (ESBHum), which were collected from 634 subjects (predominantly students, age range 20-29 years, 326 females, 308 males) in 9 years between 1988 and 2003 (each n >or= 60), for the concentrations of primary and/or secondary metabolites of di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), di-iso-butyl phthalate (DiBP), butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP), di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and di-iso-nonyl phthalate (DiNP). Based on the urinary metabolite excretion we estimated daily intakes of the parent phthalates and investigated the chronological course of the phthalate exposure. In over 98% of the urine samples metabolites of all five phthalates were detectable indicating a ubiquitous exposure of the German population to all five phthalates throughout the last 20 years. The median daily intakes in the subsets between 1988 and 1993 were quite constant for DnBP (approx. 7 microg/kg bw/d) and DEHP (approx. 4 microg/kg bw/d). However, from 1996 the median levels of both phthalates decreased continuously until 2003 (DnBP 1.9 microg/kg bw/d; DEHP 2.4 microg/kg bw/d). By contrast, the daily intake values for DiBP were slightly increasing over the whole time frame investigated (median 1988: 1.1 microg/kg bw/d; median 2003: 1.4 microg/kg bw/d), approximating the levels for DnBP and DEHP. For BBzP we observed slightly decreasing values, even though the medians as of 1998 levelled off at around 0.2 microg/kg bw/d. Regarding daily DiNP exposure we found continuously increasing values, with the lowest median being 0.20 microg/kg bw/d for the subset of 1988 and the highest median for 2003 being twice as high. The trends observed in phthalate exposure may be associated with a change in production and usage pattern. Female subjects exhibited significantly higher daily intakes for the dibutyl phthalates (DnBP p=0.013; DiBP p=0.004). Compared to data from US National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) exposure levels of the dibutyl phthalates were generally higher in our German study population, while levels of BBzP were somewhat lower. Overall, for a considerable 14% of the subjects we observed daily DnBP intakes above the tolerable daily intake (TDI) value deduced by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) (10 microg/kg bw/d). However, the frequency of exceedance decreased during the years and was beneath 2% in the 2003 subset. Even though transgressions of the exposure limit values of the EFSA and the US Environmental Protection Agency (US EPA) occurred only in a relatively small share of the subjects, one has to take into account the cumulative exposure to all phthalates investigated and possible dose-additive endocrine effects of these phthalates.
BACKGROUND: Relations between magnesium intake and systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction are not well established. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to examine whether and to what extent magnesium intake is related to inflammatory and endothelial markers. DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 657 women from the Nurses' Health Study cohort who were aged 43-69 y and free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes mellitus when blood was drawn in 1989 and 1990. Plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), soluble tumor necrosis factor alpha receptor 2 (sTNF-R2), E-selectin, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (sVCAM-1) were measured. Estimates from 2 semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaires, administered in 1986 and 1990, were averaged to assess dietary intakes. RESULTS: In age-adjusted linear regression analyses, magnesium intake was inversely associated with plasma concentrations of CRP (P for linear trend = 0.003), E-selectin (P = 0.001), and sICAM-1 (P = 0.03). After further adjustment for physical activity, smoking status, alcohol use, postmenopausal hormone use, and body mass index, dietary magnesium intake remained inversely associated with CRP and E-selectin. Multivariate-adjusted geometric means for women in the highest quintile of dietary magnesium intake were 24% lower for CRP (1.70 +/- 0.18 compared with 1.30 +/- 0.10 mg/dL; P for trend = 0.03) and 14% lower for E-selectin (48.5 +/- 1.84 compared with 41.9 +/- 1.58 ng/mL; P for trend = 0.01) than those for women in the lowest quintile. CONCLUSION: Magnesium intake from diet is modestly and inversely associated with some but not all markers of systematic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in apparently healthy women. 
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is the major heterocyclic amine generated from cooking meats at high temperatures, and dietary exposures have been shown to induce prostate cancer in rats. PhIP derives its carcinogenic potential through the formation of PhIP-DNA adducts. The purpose of this study was to examine whether self-reported consumption and preparation doneness of grilled meats were associated with PhIP-DNA adduct levels in prostate epithelial cells. The study population consisted of 268 African-American and Caucasian men who underwent radical prostatectomy for prostate cancer. PhIP-DNA adducts in tumor and adjacent nontumor cells were measured using immunohistochemical methods, and dietary meat intake information was based on food frequency questionnaires. Data were analyzed using multivariate linear regression models. After adjusting for age at prostatectomy and race, grilled meat consumption (P = 0.002) was significantly associated with higher adduct levels in tumor cells, but this association seemed to be primarily due to consumption of grilled red meats (P = 0.001) as opposed to grilled white meat consumption (P = 0.15). Among the specific food items, grilled hamburger consumption had the most significant association with adduct level in tumor cells (P = 0.002). Similar trends in positive associations with grilled meat consumption and adduct levels were observed in nontumor cells, but none of these associations reached statistical significance. Our results suggest that dietary interventions targeted at lower consumption of grilled red meats may reduce prostate cancer risk via the PhIP prostate carcinogenic pathway.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers, PBDEs, are a class of brominated flame retardants that, like other persistent organic pollutants (POPs), have been found in humans, wildlife, and biota worldwide. Unlike other POPs, however, the key routes of human exposure are not thought to be food and fish, but rather are from their use in household consumer products, and to the high levels of PBDEs found in house dust. The exposure of Americans to PBDEs was systematically evaluated in this study. First, exposure media data on PBDE congeners were compiled. Then, an adult intake dose was derived using exposure factors in combination with these data. The exposure pathways evaluated included food and water ingestion, inhalation, and ingestion and dermal contact to house dust. These intakes were converted to a body burden using a simple pharmacokinetic (PK) model. The predicted body burdens were compared with representative profiles of PBDEs in blood and milk. The adult intake dose of total PBDEs was estimated to be 7.7 ng/kg body weight/day, and children's estimated intakes were higher at 49.3 ng/kg/day for ages 1-5, 14.4 ng/kg/day for 6-11, and 9.1 ng/kg/day for 12-19. The much higher dose for the child age 1-5 was due to the doubling of dust ingestion from 50 to 100 mg/day. The predicted adult body burden of total PBDEs was 33.8 ng/kg lipid weight (lwt), compared to representative measurements in blood and milk at 64.0 and 93.7 ng/g lwt, respectively Most of this apparent underprediction in total concentration was due to an underprediction of the key congener, BDE 47. The value for BDE 47 half-life in the body was identified as the variable most likely in error in this exercise. Other congener predictions compared well with measurements, suggesting general validity with the approach. An important finding from this assessment is that the food intake estimate of about 1.3 ng/kg/day (of the 7.7 ng/kg/day total) cannot explain current US body burdens; exposures to PBDEs in house dust accounted for 82% of the overall estimated intakes.
OBJECTIVE: Estimation of dietary intake of polyphenols is difficult, due to limited availability of food composition data and bias inherent to dietary assessment methods. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether we could detect polyphenols and their metabolites in a spot urine sample in a free-living human population and whether it was related to those observed in 24-h urine samples, for potential use as a biomarkers of polyphenol intake. SUBJECTS: Four 24-h urine samples and two spot urine samples were collected from 154 participants of the SU.VI.MAX cohort (a randomized primary-prevention trial evaluating the effect of daily antioxidant supplementation on chronic diseases) in two separate studies over, respectively, a 7- and 2-day periods. Thirteen polyphenols and metabolites (chlorogenic acid (CGA), caffeic acid (CA), m-coumaric acid (mCOU), gallic acid (GA), 4-O-methylgallic acid (MeGA), quercetin (Q), isorhamnetin (MeQ), kaempferol (K), hesperetin (HESP), naringenin (NAR), phloretin (PHLOR), enterolactone (ENL) and enterodiol (END) were measured using HPLC-ESI-MS-MS. RESULTS: Correlations between the urinary excretion levels were observed. The most significant were explained by metabolic filiations (CGA/CA, CA/mCOU, GA/MeGA, Q/MeQ, NAR/PHLOR, ENL/END) or co-occurrence in a same food source (NAR/HESP). Concentrations in spot samples correlated with those in 24-h urine sample (P<0.02, except for CA and for MeQ). Intra-individual variations were smaller than inter-individual variations for all polyphenols (P<0.01) except for MeGA and for PHLOR. CONCLUSION: These results show that these polyphenols and metabolites are useful biomarkers for polyphenol intake. 
High levels of estrogen during pregnancy have been hypothesized to increase the risk of breast cancer in offspring. Some studies have reported a positive association of estrogen level during pregnancy with fetal size, which has been linked to the subsequent risk of breast cancer in offspring. We examined whether maternal diet, including fat and alcohol intake, was associated with hormone levels during pregnancy, as well as with birth weight. The concentrations of estradiol, estriol, and testosterone were measured in the maternal serum and umbilical cord blood of 189 women during pregnancy and at delivery. Intakes of fat, alcohol, and other nutrients were assessed by 5-day diet records at approximately the 29th week of pregnancy before blood sampling. Intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids was moderately but significantly positively correlated with the umbilical cord estriol level (r = 0.17, P = 0.03) after controlling for covariates. The positive association between intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids and birth weight was of borderline significance (r = 0.14, P = 0.06). Intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids was significantly inversely correlated with the umbilical cord estradiol and testosterone levels (r = -0.18, P = 0.02 and r = -0.24, P = 0.002, respectively). Alcohol intake was significantly positively correlated with the maternal estradiol level in the 29th week of pregnancy (r = 0.19, P = 0.01), but was unrelated to birth weight. Estrogen level during pregnancy may be regulated by dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and mediate their effects on fetal growth.
Incineration workers are exposed to various pyrolysis products of organic materials, heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In this study, the exposure of incineration workers to PAHs was evaluated by measuring urinary metabolites of pyrene and naphthalene. The concentrations of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1OHP), a metabolite of pyrene, and 2-naphthol (2NP), a metabolite of naphthalene, were measured among 100 workers in 4 different types of incinerators, both before and after their work shifts. These incinerators were two old types, one modern type and one outdoors. The medians of urinary 1OHP of before and after the work shifts obtained from all workers were 0.067 and 0.044 mug/gCr, respectively; and the medians of urinary 2NP were 7.5 and 10.0 mug/gCr, respectively. A significant increase of 2NP after the work shift was found at one old incinerator. A significant decrease of metabolites was found at the other old incinerator. Significant correlations were found between urinary metabolites and cigarettes smoked per day. The effect of smoking on urinary metabolite levels was also important. Significant correlations were found between urinary 1OHP and 2NP levels in all workers. In multiple regression analysis smoking habit and incinerator type were found as significant factors. The improvement of the work environment, through decreasing exposure to both tobacco smoke and hazardous work shift-related substances, should be an occupational health aim.
The aim of the study was to establish whether an excess or deficiency of dietary carbohydrates would influence the effect of boron (B) on lipid, protein, and glucose metabolism in laboratory rats. Sixty male Buffalo rats were used in the study, divided into six groups fed a control diet or a lower high-carbohydrate diet with or without a B supplement (3 mg B/kg fodder). The hemoglobin concentration and hematocrit were assessed in whole-blood samples, and the total protein, albumin, creatine, glucose, total lipid, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol contents in the serum were established. The total cholesterol and triacylglycerol contents in liver lipid extracts were also measured. A low carbohydrate content in a B-supplemented diet led to an increase in the total protein and albumin contents in the serum of the rats compared to the levels for the rats on the control and high-carbohydrate B supplemented diets. Under conditions of an excess or deficiency of carbohydrates in the diet, B did not significantly influence the cholesterol and total lipid contents in the serum. Boron's influence on the other metabolic indexes (glucose, HDL cholesterol, and triacylglycerol contents in the serum; cholesterol and triacylglycerol contents in the liver) was unaffected by the carbohydrate content in the diet.
We compared the test-retest reliability of near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) measures of cerebral oxygenation and blood volume during a rhythmic handgrip exercise in 13 nondisabled subjects and 25 subjects with moderate to severe traumatic brain injury (TBI). Subjects with TBI (average Glasgow Coma Scale score = 4.2, average time since injury = 21 mo) had completed an acute brain injury rehabilitation program. After 2 min of rest, each subject performed 60 s of maximal rhythmic handgrip contractions with the right hand in two trials 24 to 48 h apart. We used NIRS to measure cerebral oxygenation and blood volume responses from the left prefrontal lobe. Both groups' cerebral oxygenation and blood volume increased during handgrip contractions. The change in cerebral oxygenation was significantly lower in subjects with TBI compared with nondisabled subjects. Intraclass correlations between the two trials for cerebral oxygenation and blood volume were 0.83 and 0.80, respectively, in nondisabled subjects and 0.70 and 0.64, respectively, in subjects with TBI. The findings indicate that NIRS is a reliable noninvasive technique for evaluating cerebral oxygenation and blood volume changes during motor function. NIRS can be useful in monitoring recovery of cerebral oxygenation during rehabilitation of patients with TBI.
The analysis of volatile organic compounds in samples of biological fluids characterized by complex matrices is highly challenging. This paper presents a comparison of the results obtained in this field using three solvent-free techniques: thin-layer headspace with autogenous generation of liquid sorbent (TLHS) and membrane separation of the trace substances (pervaporation, PV), both of which are coupled to direct aqueous injection gas chromatography-electron capture detection (TLHS-DAI-GC-ECD and PV-DAI-GC-ECD), as well as conventional static headspace analysis followed by GC analysis with ECD detection (HS-GC-ECD). Basic validation parameters of the HS-GC-ECD, TLHS-DAI-GC-ECD and PV-DAI-GC-ECD procedures were calculated for water and urine samples. The calibration curves for all procedures were linear within the concentration range examined. The intermediate precisions of the procedures were good and reached about 10% (for all analytes) for HS-GC-ECD and TLHS-DAI-GC-ECD. The poorest results were obtained for PV-DAI-GC-ECD: about 20% for all analytes. The lowest method detection limits were obtained for the TLHS-DAI-GC-ECD procedure: below 0.0022 microg/L for all analytes. The enrichment factors did not differ significantly between water and urine samples, indicating little or no matrix effect in all procedures.
OBJECTIVES: This study was conducted to assess external and internal exposure of workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). In this context, the analytical and diagnostical reliability of 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene (3OH-BaP) as a biomarker of internal exposure to PAHs was established. METHODS: Ambient and biological monitoring was carried out of 225 PAH-exposed employees of different industries. External exposure was determined by personal air sampling and analysis of 16 EPA-PAH. Internal exposure was examined by the urinary metabolites 3OH-BaP, 1-hydroxypyrene (OH-Pyr) and monohydroxylated phenanthrenes (OH-Phens). RESULTS: Benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) was detected at all workplaces. Concentrations in the breathing zone of the workers ranged from below the limit of detection up to 44.3 mug/m(3). In biological monitoring, urinary 3OH-BaP was found in median concentrations of 0.8 ng/g creatinine (crea) and the 95th percentile of 6.7 ng/g crea. The results ranged from the limit of detection up to 19.5 ng/g crea. Only 1% of the analysed samples showed concentrations below the limit of detection (0.05 ng/l). Regarding median concentrations, workers in coking plants showed lower 3OH-BaP concentrations (0.5 ng/g crea) than those employed in the production of fireproof material in refractories (1.1 ng/g crea), converter infeed (1.2 ng/g crea) and graphite electrode production (1.3 ng/g crea). Strong correlations of 3OH-BaP with OH-Pyr and the sum of OH-Phens were found for the workplaces converter infeed, coking plants and graphite electrode production (r(Pearson) ranging from 0.618 to 0.867, p<0.001). The poor correlation of BaP in the air and 3OH-BaP in urine is most probably caused by routes of uptake other than via air-for example, dermal uptake. CONCLUSION: 3OH-BaP as a metabolite of the carcinogenic BaP could be shown to be a diagnostically specific and sensitive biomarker for determining the internal exposure of workers in different industries. Using this method, the estimation of health risks for workers can be fundamentally improved, because the 3OH-BaP represents the group of carcinogenic PAHs. The procedure for analysing 3OH-BaP is complex, but it is robust and produces reliable results. 
The Medication Adherence Questionnaire (MAQ) is a scale used to evaluate adherence to medications. The present study assessed the factor structure and validity of the MAQ with cigarette smokers. A principal components analysis was conducted on MAQ scores from a sample of smokers presenting for treatment in a clinical trial of naltrexone and nicotine patch for smoking cessation (N = 385). Indices of convergent and predictive validity were tested using electronic medication caps for naltrexone, nicotine patch counts, plasma drug levels of naltrexone, and treatment outcomes. The principal components analysis revealed two factors. Factor 1, labeled "unintentional nonadherence," measured the extent to which individuals were nonadherent because they were careless or forgot to take their medications. Factor 2, labeled "purposeful nonadherence," assessed nonadherence related to purposefully stopping medication use after feeling better or worse. Only the second factor was shown to have good convergent and predictive validity. Specifically, this factor was related to pill-taking behavior measured with electronic medication caps and drug plasma levels and nicotine patch use based on nicotine patch count data, and it was associated with smoking cessation outcome. Thus the purposeful nonadherence factor of the MAQ may be used as a brief screening tool for medication adherence with cigarette smokers seeking treatment. Information obtained with this questionnaire could be used to counsel patients regarding the importance of medication adherence.
OBJECTIVE: To validate the fruit and vegetable intake estimated from the Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) used in the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC). SUBJECTS AND SETTING: The DNBC is a cohort of 101,042 pregnant women in Denmark, who received a FFQ by mail in gestation week 25. A validation study with 88 participants was made. A seven-day weighed food diary (FD) and three different biomarkers were employed as comparison methods. RESULTS: Significant correlations between FFQ and FD-based estimates were found for fruit (r = 0.66); vegetables (r = 0.32); juice (r = 0.52); fruit and vegetables (F&V) (r = 0.57); and fruit, vegetables, and juice (F&V&J) (r = 0.62). Sensitivities of correct classification by FFQ into the two lowest and the two highest quintiles of F&V&J intake were 58-67% and 50-74%, respectively, and specificities were 71-79% and 65-83%, respectively. F&V&J intake estimated from the FFQ correlated significantly with urinary flavonoids (r = 0.39, p<0.005), plasma beta-carotene (r = 0.21, p<0.05) and erythrocyte folate (r = 0.33, p<0.005); all average biomarker levels increased across increasing quintiles of F&V&J intake. CONCLUSION: Data on F&V&J recorded by FFQ in DNBC can be used in etiological analyses of associations between fruit and vegetable intake and health outcomes, provided that the potential misclassification of dietary exposure is kept in mind. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are a class of widely dispersed and environmentally persistent organic compounds. PCBs exhibit a wide range of toxicological effects including neurotoxicity. Vitamin E (alpha-tocopherol) is an important lipid soluble antioxidant placed in a special region of membranes. Large amounts of energy are required to maintain the signaling activities of the cells in the central nervous system (CNS). Membrane proteins that control ion gradients across organellar and plasma membranes appear to be particularly susceptible to oxidation-induced changes. The aim of this study was to determine the protective role of vitamin E on Aroclor 1254 induced modulation in membrane bound ATPases in brain regions of rats. One group of rats received corn oil as vehicle for 30days as control. The other group of rats were administered Aroclor 1254 at a dose of 2mgkg(-1) bwday(-1) intraperitoneally for 30days. One group of rats received vitamin E (50mgkg(-1) bwday(-1)) orally simultaneously with Aroclor 1254 for 30days. After 30days, the animals were euthanized and the brain was dissected to hypothalamus and hippocampus to determine the following parameters. Hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), Lipid peroxidation (LPO) and the activities of Na+K+-ATPase, Ca2+-ATPase and Mg2+-ATPase were determined. Reduced glutathione (GSH) level was also determined. Activities of all the enzymes were decreased while an increase in H2O2 and LPO were observed in selected brain regions of PCB treated animals. Simultaneous vitamin E treatment in PCB exposed animals restored all the parameters significantly. These results suggest that oxidative stress is involved in the inhibitory effect of PCB (Aroclor 1254) on membrane bound ATPases in selected brain regions. alpha-tocopherol acts against PCB induced neurotoxicity by decreasing oxidative stress.
OBJECTIVES: Lipoprotein(a) is an independent risk factor of atherosclerosis. DESIGN AND METHODS: We assigned frequencies of six polymorphic sites from apo(a) gene transcription control regions, linkage disequilibrium, and 5-polymorphic compound genotypes association with Lp(a) levels. RESULTS: Significant linkage disequilibrium between polymorphic sites was detected. Compound genotypes were significantly associated with Lp(a) levels (P<0.0001). Major 5-polymorphic genotypes were distributed in a broad range of concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: Major 5-polymorphic compound genotypes are not associated with restricted range of Lp(a) levels. 
BACKGROUND: A nutritional assessment method that is quick and easy to conduct would be extremely useful in a complex emergency, where currently there is no agreed practical and acceptable method. Hair pluckability has been suggested to be a useful method of assessing protein nutritional status. The aim was to investigate the reliability of the trichotillometer and to explore the effects of patient characteristics on hair epilation force. METHODS: Three observers plucked hair from twelve participants to investigate the within- and between-observer reliability. To investigate the effect of patient characteristics on hair pluckability, 12 black African and 12 white volunteers were recruited. Participants completed a short questionnaire to provide basic information on their characteristics and hair. RESULTS: Mean hair pluckability measurements for the 12 participants obtained by the three observers (39.5 g, 41.2 g and 32.7 g) were significantly different (p < 0.001). Significant variation between patients was also found (p < 0.001). None of the patient characteristics significantly affected hair pluckability, with the exception of age, although this relationship was not consistent. CONCLUSION: Due to significant variation in measurements, hair pluckability does not appear to be a reliable method for assessing adult nutritional status. Hair pluckability could be a useful method of nutritional assessment in complex humanitarian emergencies but only if the reliability was improved. 
OBJECTIVES: An abridged version of the 25-item Male Sexual Health Questionnaire (MSHQ) was developed and validated (MSHQ-EjD Short Form) for assessing ejaculatory dysfunction (EjD). METHODS: The MSHQ was administered to 1245 men in the Men's Sexual Health Population Survey, 179 gay/bisexual men in the Urban Men's Health Study, and 6909 men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) suggestive of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in the BPH Registry & Patient Survey. Factor analysis, scale reliability, construct and discriminant validity, and the correlation between the MSHQ-EjD Short Form and the MSHQ ejaculatory function domain were assessed. RESULTS: Factor loadings of greater than 0.5 were demonstrated for four ejaculatory function items (force, volume, frequency, and delay). The force and volume of ejaculation had the greatest factor loadings (range 0.77 to 0.81), followed by frequency of ejaculation (0.64 and 0.66). These three ejaculatory function items had a high degree of internal consistency (Cronbach alpha > or = 0.78) and test-retest reliability (r = 0.72). The three items discriminated between men with none/mild LUTS and those with moderate/severe LUTS (P <0.001). After adjusting for age, depression, and erectile function, the odds ratio for a diagnosis of moderate/severe LUTS was 0.68 (95% confidence interval 0.49 to 0.96; P <0.05). The three items had a correlation coefficient of 0.95 with the 7-item MSHQ ejaculatory function domain. The MSHQ ejaculation bother item, an independent domain, showed moderate correlation with the three ejaculatory function items (r = -0.41 and r = -0.45). CONCLUSIONS: The results of our study have shown that the MSHQ-EjD Short Form, with three ejaculatory function items and one ejaculation bother item, has excellent psychometric properties and should be a useful instrument for assessing EjD in clinical and research settings. 
Dietary POP exposure have shown negative effects on sperm motility and sperm chromatin integrity, as well as an increased proportion of Y-chromosome bearing sperms. However, it has been suggested that in epidemiological studies investigating persistent organochlorine pollutant (POP)-toxicity, other pollutants occurring simultaneously may carry an increased risk of effects, which may obscure a clear interpretation of the role of POP toxicity. One such pollutant is methyl mercury (MeHg), which has been found in fatty fish from the Baltic Sea and as a consequence men with a high consumption of such fish has been found to have twice the MeHg levels compared to men with a low fish consumption. The aim of the present study was to assess if exposure to MeHg affects male reproductive function, assessed by measuring human sperm motility, sperm concentration, total sperm count, sperm chromatin integrity and the proportion of Y-chromosome bearing sperms. Secondly we also investigated a possible interaction between MeHg and 2, 2', 4, 4', 5, 5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (CB-153), a biomarker for POP exposure, with respect to sperm outcome measures. Blood and semen samples were collected from 195 Swedish fishermen with a mean age of 47 (range 24-67 years). Blood levels of MeHg ranged from 0.11 to 16.59 microg/L (median 2.25 microg/L) and serum levels of CB-153 from 37 to 1460 ng/g lipid (median 190 ng/g lipid). The analyses revealed no association between MeHg and any of the outcomes investigated. Although men with low MeHg and high CB-153 had slightly higher DNA Fragmentation Index and fraction of Y-chromosome bearing sperms than men with low levels of both compounds, the effects were not statistically significant. In conclusion, we did not find any associations between MeHg exposure and semen quality or quantity in the dose range observed neither was any synergistic effects between MeHg and CB-153 noted.
AIMS: To develop and validate an easy-to-use questionnaire to identify obstacles to self management in Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: The Diabetes Obstacles Questionnaire (DOQ) was developed from earlier research and the literature. It was completed by 180 people with Type 2 diabetes, recruited from 22 general practices in the UK. Responders also completed a quality-of-life questionnaire (ADDQoL) and the Problem Areas in Diabetes (PAID) scale. RESULTS: From analysis of the 176 usable questionnaires, 36 items of the original 113 items were deemed redundant. The remaining 77 items were assembled into eight sub-scales covering Medication, Self Monitoring, Knowledge and Beliefs, Diagnosis, Relationships with Health-Care Professionals, Lifestyle Changes, Coping, and Advice and Support. Each sub-scale had a factor structure of no more than three factors, had Cronbach's alpha of more than 0.75, and a Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin of more than 0.75. Each sub-scale correlated significantly with the PAID scale (P < 0.01), demonstrating criterion validity. Construct validity was shown by significant correlation between HbA(1c) and the sub-scales which relate to managing blood glucose levels: Self Monitoring, Relationship with Health-Care Professionals, Lifestyle Changes and Coping. Construct validity was further shown by significant correlation between QoL scores and Medication, Lifestyle Changes and Coping. DISCUSSION: The DOQ, comprising eight sub-scales, is a usable, valid instrument for both clinical and research settings. It helps to identify in detail the obstacles which an individual finds in living with Type 2 diabetes. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate a new food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for measuring the intake of fruit, vegetables and tea reported by women participating in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). DESIGN: Intake of fruits, vegetables and tea estimated by the FFQ was compared with urinary flavonoid excretion, plasma carotenoid concentration and intake measured by a 4-day weighed food diary (FD). The triangular method was applied to calculate FFQ validity coefficients using two independent biomarkers. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: One hundred and nineteen women participating in MoBa. RESULTS: The FFQ estimate of fruit intake was significantly correlated with urine phloretin (r = 0.33), citrus fruit/juice with urine hesperetin (r = 0.44), cooked vegetables with plasma alpha-carotene (r = 0.37), and tea with urine kaempferol (r = 0.41) (P < 0.01 for all). On average, 60% of the participants fell into the same or adjacent quintiles when classified by FFQ and biomarkers. Significant correlations between the FFQ and FD were found for fruit (r = 0.39), vegetables (r = 0.34), juices (r = 0.50) and tea (r = 0.53). The FFQ validity coefficient was 0.65 for citrus fruit/juice and 0.59 for cooked vegetables as calculated by the triangular method. CONCLUSIONS: The validation study shows that the MoBa FFQ can be used to estimate fruit, juice, vegetable and tea intake in pregnant Norwegian women, and to rank individuals within the distribution. 
There is an increasing trend to apply gas chromatography combined with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) or liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) assay methods to large-scale epidemiologic studies for the measurement of serum sex steroids. These methods are generally considered the gold standard for sex steroid measurements because of their accuracy, sensitivity, turnaround time, and ability to assess a more complete panel of steroid metabolites in the same run. In this report, we evaluated the precision, including within-batch (intra) and between-batch (inter) reproducibility, of steroid hormone measurements determined by GC-MS and LC-MS/MS assays and RIA and compared measurements among these methods. Specifically, 282 overnight fasting serum samples from 20 male volunteers were analyzed for 12 steroid metabolites by GC-MS or LC-MS/MS in one lab over a 4-month period. Six of the analytes were also measured by RIA in another lab. Unconjugated hormones, including testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone, androstenedione, androst-5-ene-3beta,17beta-diol, estrone, and estradiol, were measured by GC-MS, whereas conjugated hormones, including DHEA sulfate, androsterone glucuronide, 5alpha-androstane-3alpha,17beta-diol 3-glucuronide, 5alpha-androstane-3alpha,17beta-diol 17-glucuronide, and estrone sulfate, were measured by LC-MS/MS. A subset of these hormones, including testosterone, dihydrotestosterone, androstenedione, 5alpha-androstane-3alpha,17beta-diol 17-glucuronide, estrone, and estradiol, were also measured by RIA following extraction and chromatography. We used the coefficient of variation (CV) and the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) to assess within- and between-batch assay variations. For the 12 analytes measured by GC-MS or LC-MS/MS, CVs and ICCs for within- and between-batch measurements were similar, with CVs ranging from 6.1% to 21.4% and ICCs ranging from 87.6% to 99.2%. The six analytes measured by RIA had good CVs and ICCs, with CVs <10% and ICCs >70% (range, 71.7-99.7%). For the six metabolites that were measured by both methods, the CVs were similar, whereas the ICCs were generally higher with the GC-MS method. The absolute values for each analyte measured by RIA and GC-MS differed, with RIAs usually yielding markedly higher levels than GC-MS, although the Pearson and Spearman correlation coefficients for these six analytes were near one and all were significant (P < 0.001). Our results show that RIA, GC-MS, and LC-MS/MS assays for androgens and estrogens in the two labs included in the study have good reproducibility, as measured by small CVs (<15%) and high ICCs (>80%), with the exception of estradiol (71.7%) when measured by RIA. Despite substantial differences in absolute measurements of sex steroid hormones by RIA and MS methods, correlations between the two assays for the six sex steroids measured in the two labs were high (>0.9). However, it is important for future large epidemiologic studies to incorporate MS with high reproducibility and specificity to measure a more complete profile of androgen and estrogen metabolites to clarify the role of sex steroids in prostate cancer.
The repeatability and sensitivity of Doppler ultrasonographic measurement of lateral digital arterial and venous blood flow has not been previously determined. Doppler ultrasonography was used to measure blood flow within the forelimb lateral digital vessels in one normal adult Thoroughbred horse on six occasions and in six normal adult Thoroughbred horses on three occasions, each occasion being at least 1 h apart, to determine the within- and between-horse variation. The values obtained from the right and left lateral digital vessels did not differ significantly. The within-horse coefficients of variation (CV) for arterial and venous measurements were all acceptable (< 11%); the between-horse CV were acceptable (< 7%) for all parameters except TaVa (average velocity of first peak of arterial waveform) and TaVb (average velocity of remainder of arterial waveform). The within-horse intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) demonstrated excellent repeatability (> or = 0.71) for all parameters except venous diameter; the between-horse ICC demonstrated good to excellent repeatability (> or = 0.67) for all parameters except TaVb. Doppler ultrasonography can detect differences of 0.005 and 0.01 ml/ min in digital arterial and venous flow, respectively, using measurements from six horses on three occasions (80% power; P < 0.05). Thus, the technique is sufficiently repeatable and sensitive to be able to detect changes in flow during different physiological or pathological states or following pharmacologic intervention.
Folate is required for 1-carbon metabolism and deficiency in folate leads to megaloblastic anemia. Low levels of folate have been associated with increased risk of vascular disease. To investigate whether RDA of folate are met, habitual folate intake needs to be assessed reliably. We developed a FFQ to specifically measure folate intake over the previous 3 months in elderly people in the Netherlands. Major sources of folate intake, i.e. foods contributing to at least 80% of the average folate intake, were identified through an analysis of the second Dutch Food Consumption Survey for the sub-population of men and women aged 50-70. In 2000 and 2001, folate intake was estimated with this questionnaire in 1286 individuals aged 50-75 years. Concentrations of serum and erythrocyte folate served as biomarkers with which relative validity of the questionnaire was assessed. The same FFQ was repeated after 3 years in 803 subjects in order to assess long-term reproducibility. Mean folate intake was estimated to be 196 (SD 69) microg/d. Spearman correlation coefficients between folate intake and serum and erythrocyte concentrations were 0.14 (P < 0.01) and 0.05 (P = 0.06) respectively. Spearman correlations between folate intakes measured at baseline and after 3 years were 0.58 (P < 0.01). 47% of the participants were classified in the same quartiles on the two occasions. Our FFQ showed a weak correlation between folate intake and blood folate concentrations and reproducibility was acceptable. This FFQ is able to rank subjects according to their folate intake.
It is unclear whether postprandial blood glucose or insulin exerts a regulatory function in short-term appetite regulation in humans. The aim of this study was to investigate, by use of meta-analysis, the role of blood glucose and insulin in short-term appetite sensation and energy intake (EI) in normal weight and overweight participants. Data from seven test meal studies were used, including 136 healthy participants (ALL) (92 normal weight (NW) and 44 overweight or obese (OW)). All meals were served as breakfasts after an overnight fast, and appetite sensations and blood samples were obtained frequently in the postprandial period. Finally, an ad libitum lunch was served. Data were analysed by fixed effects study level (SL) meta-regression analysis and individual participant data (IPD) regression analysis, using STATA software. In SL analysis, postprandial insulin response was associated with decreased hunger in ALL, NW and OW (P < 0.019), and with increased satiety in NW (P = 0.004) and lower subsequent EI in OW (P = 0.022). Multivariate IPD analysis showed similar associations, but only in NW for hunger, satiety and EI (P < 0.028), and in ALL for EI (P = 0.016). The only association involving blood glucose was the multivariate IPD analysis showing an inverse association between blood glucose and EI in ALL (P = 0.032). Our results suggest that insulin, but not glucose, is associated with short-term appetite regulation in healthy participants, but the relationship is disrupted in the overweight and obese. We conclude that the postprandial insulin response may be an important satiety signal, and that central nervous system insulin resistance in overweight might explain the blunted effect on appetite.
OBJECTIVE: Sulphites are widely used food additives that may damage health, hence limits are set on their use. They are excreted in urine as sulphate, along with sulphate derived from sulphur amino acids. Dietary intakes of sulphites are hard to determine, so we have tested the utility of urinary nitrogen:sulphate ratio as a biomarker of inorganic sulphur (IS) intake. Additionally we determined the half-life of ingested (34)SO(4)(2-) from its urinary excretion. SUBJECTS: Twenty healthy adult subjects were recruited by poster advertisement, for a 24-h study where they ate specified foods, which were high in IS, in addition to their normal diet. The half-life of ingested (34)SO(4)(2-) was assessed in five healthy volunteers, given 5.9 mmols of Na(2)(34)SO(4) as a single dose and collecting all urine specimens for 72-96 h. Urine and duplicate diets from three previously conducted studies were analysed for nitrogen and sulphate content, thus expanding the range of IS intakes for evaluation. METHODS: Duplicate diets were analysed for IS content by ion exchange chromatography, while IS intake was predicted from urinary sulphate (g/day S)-(urinary nitrogen (g/day)/18.89). (32)S:(34)S ratios were determined by liquid chromatography mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry. RESULTS: The range of IS intake was 1.3-37.5 mmol S/day. Actual and predicted IS intakes were mmol/day+/-s.e. 9.2+/-0.65 and 7.0+/-0.45, respectively, and were correlated r=0.60 (n=108). The mean half-life of ingested (34)SO(4)(2-) was 8.2 h. CONCLUSIONS: From a 24-h urine collection, IS intake from the habitual diet can be determined for groups of individuals. To predict individual intakes of IS, which may include high sporadic amounts from beer and wine, at least 48 h of urine collection would be required. 
BACKGROUND: Iron-deficiency anemia is the most prevalent nutritional deficiency worldwide. Iron-deficiency anemia has particular negative consequences on women in their childbearing years, and its prevention is a high priority in most health systems. OBJECTIVE: This interventional study assessed the effect of nutrition education on hematologic indices, iron status, nutritional knowledge, and nutritional practices of high-school girls in Iran. METHODS: Sixty healthy 16- to 18-year-old girls were randomly selected from two high schools in the city of Ahvaz and divided into two equally matched groups, one that received nutrition education, and one that did not. The education group received instruction in face-to-face sessions, group discussions, and pamphlets for 2 months. The control group did not receive any information during the study. Hematologic tests, corpuscular indices, and serum ferritin levels were measured at baseline and after 2 months. Food-frequency questionnaires were administered and histories taken, clinical signs of nutritional deficiencies observed, anthropometric measurements taken, nutritional knowledge tested, practices determined, and lifestyle questionnaires administered to all subjects. RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences in any baseline characteristics between the two groups. Scores for nutritional knowledge and practices of the education group were significantly higher after two months compared with the baseline (31.4 +/- 6 vs. 24.3 +/- 5.9 points, p < .001, and 31.2 +/- 5 vs. 28.4 +/- 5.7 points, p < .05, respectively). The scores in the control group showed no significant changes from baseline to 2 months. Mean corpuscular volume values were elevated in the education group (p < .001) but not in the control group. However, in the control group, serum ferritin concentrations showed about a 17% drop at the end of the study (p < .004). There were no changes in other hematologic, lifestyle, clinical, or anthropometric data compared with baseline after completion of the study in both groups. CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that nutritional education can improve knowledge of healthy nutrition and lifestyle choices. Focused nutritional education using available resources and correcting current dietary habits in a vulnerable group of young women may result in dietary changes that can ultimately improve iron intake. 
Many host factors or biomarkers are involved in the process of early DNA damage induced by occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) as seen in coke-oven workers. This paper aimed to identify complicated causal interrelationship of various biomarkers using the path analysis. In this analysis, we included 235 subjects (166 coke-oven workers and 69 nonexposed controls) whose data on the comet assay (e.g., Olive tail moment) and cytogenetic analysis of peripheral blood lymphocytes as well as urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) were available. The path analysis showed that coke-oven exposure and tobacco smoke were both significant predictors of the concentrations of urinary 1-OHP (P < 0.05), with a coefficient of determination of 0.75. The factors having significant influence on the Olive tail moment were in the following order: urinary 1-OHP > XRCC1-exon 9 variant genotype > ERCC2-exon 10 variant genotype > XRCC1-exon 6 variant genotype, with a coefficient of determination of 0.22. The variables of relative importance in influencing on cytokinesis-block micronucleus frequencies were in the following order: coke-oven exposure > urinary 1-OHP > age > mEH3 variant genotype > ERCC2-exon 10 variant genotype > XRCC1-exon 6 variant genotype, with a coefficient of determination of 0.27. These results indicated that exogenous agents, especially the coke-oven exposure, played a more important role than the genotypes in the induction of early genetic damage. In conclusion, the path analysis seemed to be an alternative statistical approach for the ascertainment of complicated association among related biomarkers for the assessment of occupational exposure.
Alpha-tocopherol supplementation (50 mg daily for 5-8 years) reduced prostate cancer incidence by 32% in the alpha-Tocopherol, beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study. We investigated whether serum alpha-tocopherol or intake of vitamin E (eight tocopherols and tocotrienols) was associated with prostate cancer risk with up to 19 years of follow-up in the alpha-Tocopherol, beta-Carotene Cancer Prevention Study cohort. Of the 29,133 Finnish male smokers, ages 50 to 69 years recruited into the study, 1,732 were diagnosed with incident prostate cancer between 1985 and 2004. Baseline serum alpha-tocopherol was measured by high-performance liquid chromatography and the components of vitamin E intake were estimated based on a 276-item food frequency questionnaire and food chemistry analyses. Proportional hazard models were used to determine multivariate-adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). Higher serum alpha-tocopherol was associated with reduced risk of prostate cancer (RR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.66-0.96 for highest versus lowest quintile; Ptrend = 0.03) and was strongly and inversely related to the risk of developing advanced disease (RR, 0.56; 95% CI, 0.36-0.85; Ptrend = 0.002). The inverse serum alpha-tocopherol-prostate cancer association was greater among those who were supplemented with either alpha-tocopherol or beta-carotene during the trial. There were no associations between prostate cancer and the individual dietary tocopherols and tocotrienols. In summary, higher prediagnostic serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol, but not dietary vitamin E, was associated with lower risk of developing prostate cancer, particularly advanced prostate cancer.
OBJECTIVE: Novel biomarkers including proinflammatory cytokines and adipokines are being explored as potential mediators of cancer and other obesity-related conditions. Prospective studies linking biomarker levels with disease outcomes often measure biomarkers at a single time point and assume that the within-individual variation in levels is small compared with the interindividual variation. However, this assumption is seldom tested. METHODS: This study examined the within-individual stability over time of plasma adiponectin, resistin, leptin, plasma activator inhibitor type 1, hepatocyte growth factor, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin 6, and insulin among healthy young women. RESULTS: The study included 17 women (9 Black non-Hispanic, 2 Black Hispanic, 2 White Hispanic, and 4 other race/ethnicity) with mean age of 32.3 years, mean body mass index of 31.2 kg/m2, and 76% prevalence of smoking. Analysis of intraclass correlation (ICC) suggested high to moderate correlation over repeated samples taken over 3 years in levels of resistin (ICC = 0.95), hepatocyte growth factor (0.91), plasma activator inhibitor type 1 (0.84), adiponectin (0.73), insulin (0.62), and leptin (0.58). ICCs were weaker for levels of proinflammatory cytokines, tumor necrosis factor alpha (0.39), and interleukin 6 (0.47). CONCLUSION: In this population of minority young females with a high prevalence of overweight and smoking, several obesity-related endocrine markers were stable over a period of 3 years. This supports the feasibility of longitudinal studies relating these biomarkers to the future occurrence of cancer and other health consequences of obesity. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the test-retest reliability of a 1-day frequency-volume chart (FVC) in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Men with uncomplicated LUTS presenting to a urology clinic were asked to complete FVCs on three consecutive days. Standard measures of voiding frequency and volume were derived using International Continence Society definitions. Test-retest reliability of 1-day voiding behaviour was evaluated with an intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). We also derived 95% confidence intervals (CI) for each measure, thereby indicating the precision of the measurements produced by a 1-day chart. RESULTS: Of 140 patients with LUTS enrolled, 96 patients (69%) completed three 1-day FVCs. The frequency and volume measures typically had ICCs of 0.7-0.8; the "number of urgent voids" had the highest ICC. Nocturnal frequency and nocturnal volume were less reliable, with ICCs of 0.59 and 0.60, respectively. However, the 95% CIs around patient measurements tended to be wide. For 24-h voiding frequency, the true value for a patient might be up to +/- three voids away from the observed value for 95% of patients. CONCLUSION: The measures of voiding behaviour derived from 1-day FVCs had sufficient test-retest reliability to differentiate between high and low levels of voiding symptoms. However, individual measurements could be imprecise, suggesting that, in men with LUTS, a 1-day FVC cannot be used for diagnosis, or monitoring changes in symptom scores after treatment. 
Since currently available markers of alcohol abuse are not satisfactory, searches for novel markers are warranted. Proteomic analyses are promising tools to discover and identify novel biomarkers. Using two different proteomic technologies, surface enhanced laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry and agarose fluorescent two-dimensional difference gel electrophoresis, we could detect and identify a total of 11 potential biomarkers of excessive alcohol consumption. It was noteworthy that the down regulation of the 5.9 kDa protein fragment was consistently seen in habitual drinkers and the diagnostic efficiency was greater than those of conventional markers such as gamma glutamyl transferase and carbohydrate deficient transferrin.
Previous studies demonstrated the inhibitory participation of serotonergic (5-HT) and oxytocinergic (OT) neurons on sodium appetite induced by peritoneal dialysis (PD) in rats. The activity of 5-HT neurons increases after PD-induced 2% NaCl intake and decreases after sodium depletion; however, the activity of the OT neurons appears only after PD-induced 2% NaCl intake. To discriminate whether the differential activations of the 5-HT and OT neurons in this model are a consequence of the sodium satiation process or are the result of stimulation caused by the entry to the body of a hypertonic sodium solution during sodium access, we analyzed the number of Fos-5-HT- and Fos-OT-immunoreactive neurons in the dorsal raphe nucleus and the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus-supraoptic nucleus, respectively, after isotonic vs. hypertonic NaCl intake induced by PD. We also studied the OT plasma levels after PD-induced isotonic or hypertonic NaCl intake. Sodium intake induced by PD significantly increased the number of Fos-5-HT cells, independently of the concentration of NaCl consumed. In contrast, the number of Fos-OT neurons increased after hypertonic NaCl intake, in both depleted and non-depleted animals. The OT plasma levels significantly increased only in the PD-induced 2% NaCl intake group in relation to others, showing a synergic effect of both factors. In summary, 5-HT neurons were activated after body sodium status was reestablished, suggesting that this system is activated under conditions of satiety. In terms of the OT system, both OT neural activity and OT plasma levels were increased by the entry of hypertonic NaCl solution during sodium consumption, suggesting that this system is involved in the processing of hyperosmotic signals.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of our study was to assess individual polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure of workers coming from three different industrial branches by several parameters of external and internal exposure. By analysing the relationships between those markers the suitability of individual parameters [e.g. monohydroxylated phenanthrene (Phe) metabolites] for exposure surveillance should be evaluated. METHODS: The total study population consisted of 255 male workers (age: 19-62, mean: 39.61 years), who were employed in coke production (n=40), production of graphite electrodes and special carbon products (92), or production of refractory materials (123), respectively. For each worker external PAH exposure was determined by personal air sampling of 16 PAH, including Phe, pyrene (Pyr) and benzo[a]pyrene (BaP). For determination of internal PAH exposure the excretion of the PAH metabolites 1-, 2 + 9-, 3-, 4-hydroxyphenanthrene and 1-hydroxypyrene was measured in post-shift urine samples of all workers. RESULTS: In the total study population median total PAH exposure and exposure to BaP were 30.62 and 0.27 microg/m(3), respectively. A calculation of PAH profiles resulted in substantial branch-related variations with Phe being a major component. Considering all branches the median excretions of 1-hydroxypyrene and hydroxyphenanthrenes (sum) were 6.68 and 11.22 microg/g creatinine. A correlation analysis yielded a good correlation between total ambient PAH exposure and excretion of hydroxyphenanthrenes in urine (r=0.662; P<0.01), but no significant correlation between Phe metabolites and the carcinogenic BaP. For 1-hydroxypyrene and BaP a weak but significant association was found (r=0.235; P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Considering the results of the correlation analysis hydroxyphenanthrenes in urine should reflect an uptake of lowly condensed volatile PAH rather than an incorporation of highly condensed PAH like BaP which should be reflected better by 1-hydroxypyrene. Therefore, the determination of hydroxyphenanthrenes in addition to the well-established marker 1-hydroxypyrene could offer some further information about the exposure situation at a particular work place. 
High levels of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) are associated with increased risk of prostate cancer, whereas increased levels of some of its binding proteins (IGFBPs) seem to be protective. High intakes of dietary protein, especially animal and soy protein, appear to increase IGF-1. However, soy isoflavones have demonstrated anti-proliferative and apoptotic effects both in vitro and in vivo. We evaluated dietary intakes of total protein and soy isoflavones in relation to the IGF axis in prostate cancer patients making comprehensive lifestyle changes including a very low-fat vegan diet supplemented with soy protein (58 g/day). After one year, intervention group patients reported significantly higher intakes of dietary protein and soy isoflavones compared to usual-care controls (P < 0.001). IGF-1 increased significantly in both groups, whereas IGFBP-1 rose in the experimental group only (P < 0.01). Increases in vegetable protein over one year were associated with increases in IGFBP-1 among intervention group patients (P < 0.05). These results suggest that dietary protein and soy isoflavones, in the context of comprehensive lifestyle changes, may not significantly alter IGF-1. However, given the recent literature indicating that high intake of protein rich in essential amino acids (animal or soy protein) may increase IGF-1, it may be prudent for men with early stage prostate cancer not to exceed dietary protein recommendations.
This is the first known report on the influence of vitamin B6-deficiency on the concentration of UDP-sugars and other uracil nucleotides in rats. Animals aged 3 weeks or 2 months were fed a vitamin B6-free diet for periods varying from 3 days to 7 weeks. Nucleotides were quantified by enzymatic-photometry and by SAX-high precision liquid chromatography. In 3 week-old rats, vitamin B6-deficiency resulted in an up to 6.3-fold increase in the concentrations of UTP, UDP, UMP and UDP-sugars and less of CTP in rat liver, while no changes were observed in older rats. In young rats, the concentration of uracil nucleotides started to increase after 1 week diet, with a maximum after 2 weeks. After 5 weeks, the concentrations returned to normal values. In heart, lungs, kidney and brain, concentrations were measured after 2 weeks diet in young rats. In contrast to liver, the heart muscle uracil nucleotide concentrations were decreased by 40%. In kidney, the sum of UTP, UDP and UMP showed a decrease of 40%, whereas UDP-sugars were increased 1.4-fold. In the lungs, nucleotide concentrations were mostly unaffected by vitamin B6-deficiency, despite a 70% increase of UDP-GA. In brain, UDP-Glc, UDP-Gal and the sum of CTP and CDP showed an increase of 30-50%. We became surprised that the increased UDP-sugar concentrations did not influence the structure of liver plasma membrane-N-glycans. Despite the 4 to 6-fold increase of UTP and UDP-sugars, no changes in the complexity or sialylation of these N-glycans could be detected. This study demonstrates that, especially in liver, pyridoxal phosphate is closely involved in the control of uracil nucleotides during a defined period of development. In contrast to in vitro experiments, in vivo N-glycan biosynthesis in liver is regulated by a more complex or higher mechanism than substrate concentrations.
AIMS: Part I: to establish the dose and appropriate application site of capsaicin on the human forearm in order to produce a robust and reproducible dermal blood flow (DBF) response. Part II: to evaluate the within-subject arm-to-arm and period-to-period reproducibility. METHODS: Both parts consisted of two study visits. In part I, placebo and 100, 300 and 1000 microg capsaicin were applied at four predefined sites on the volar surface of both forearms. Placebo and capsaicin doses were randomized and balanced by site between subjects. Changes in DBF were assessed by laser Doppler perfusion imaging up to 60 min after capsaicin application. In part II, only 1000 microg capsaicin was applied on the proximal forearm and changes in DBF assessed up to 30 min (t(30)). DBF response was expressed as percent change from baseline +/- SD and the corresponding AUC(0-30). Reproducibility assessment included calculation of the concordance correlation coefficient (CCC). RESULTS: Part I (n = 12 subjects): compared with placebo, 300 and 1000 microg capsaicin increased DBF (P < 0.05) at all time points except at 10 min. This increase was reproducible at the two most proximal sites from the 30-min time point onwards when compared between arms (CCC >or= 0.8, i.e. substantial to almost perfect reproducibility). In part II (n = 11), t(30) averaged 390 +/- 120% and arm-to-arm reproducibility was almost perfect (CCC = 0.91) for AUC(0-30). CONCLUSIONS: Capsaicin induces a reproducible within-subject arm-to-arm increase in DBF. We provide a non-invasive pharmacodynamic model in humans to test antagonists of mediators involved in capsaicin-induced dermal vasodilation, including calcitonin gene-related peptide antagonists. 
CONTEXT: There is a large interindividual variation in serum (free) testosterone (FT) levels in men, underlain in part by genetic components. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to explore the hypothesis that this variability results in part from differences in androgen sensitivity and feedback loop set point and assess the role of the androgen receptor (AR) polyglutamine tract polymorphism encoded by a CAG repeat of variable length in exon 1 of the AR gene. DESIGN/SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: We performed a cross-sectional analysis in two independent populations of healthy men, consisting of 2322 men aged 35-59 yr (Belstress study) and 358 men aged 25-45 yr (Siblos study), respectively. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Serum hormonal levels and the AR gene CAG repeat length were determined. RESULTS: In the Belstress population, serum testosterone and calculated FT showed a positive linear association with LH (P < 0.001). In the 200 men with lowest FT, CAG repeat number was lower than in the 200 men with highest FT (P = 0.004). As studied in a larger subset of the population consisting of 857 men covering the whole FT range, FT increased progressively with CAG repeat length (P = 0.003). These findings of a positive relation of FT with both LH and CAG repeat length were confirmed in the Siblos study population (both P < or = 0.001). Difference in FT between extreme quartiles of CAG repeat was 10 and 14% in the Belstress and Siblos study, respectively. In both study populations, CAG repeat length was also positively associated with serum total testosterone (P < or = 0.004). CONCLUSIONS: The data support the view that between-subject variability in serum FT in healthy men is underlain in part by differences in androgen sensitivity and feedback set point, with a contributory role of AR polymorphism. These findings have potential implications for the interpretation of epidemiological studies, diagnosis of hypogonadism, and pharmacogenetics of androgen treatment in men. 
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) exposure. We examined urinary 1-OHP concentrations in 328 non-occupational exposed health subjects (108 females and 220 males). Each subject was questionnaired for the information of cigarette smoking and the habit of cooking practice including the cooking frequency in the kitchen (times per week), range hood opened for cooking, and fuel used for cooking. Concentrations of urinary 1-OHP (geometric mean, mumol/mol creatinine) were significantly higher in females than in males (0.50 versus 0.34, P<0.001). Cooking frequency in the kitchen had significant influence on the urinary 1-OHP concentrations in females. In females who did cooking practice in the kitchen, the urinary 1-OHP excretions were significantly higher in those who did not install the range hood compared to those who always opened the hood when cooking (0.75 versus 0.42, P=0.020). In males, cooking frequency in the kitchen and cigarette smoking were interacted on urinary 1-OHP levels. Those results imply that it is necessary for females with higher frequency of cooking and males with heavy smoking habits to improve their cooking conditions in order to reduce the risks of getting diseases including cancer.
A high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the simultaneous determination of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) and its major metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP) in seminal plasma was developed and validated. The method involves liquid-liquid extraction followed by isocratic reversed-phase chromatography with diode-array detection. The recovery, selectivity, linearity, precision and accuracy of the method were evaluated from the analysis of spiked seminal plasma samples. The effect of mobile-phase composition and pH on the retention of the target analytes was investigated. The limits of detection were 0.010 and 0.015 microg/mL, for DEHP and MEHP, respectively. This method was used to analyze real samples in support of clinical studies on these potential endocrine disruptors.
Among women infected with carcinogenic human papillomavirus (HPV), there is a two- to five-fold increased risk of cervical precancer and cancer in women who smoke compared to those who do not smoke. Because tobacco smoke contains carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), it was of interest to examine human cervical tissue for PAH-DNA adduct formation. Here, we measured PAH-DNA adduct formation in cervical biopsies collected in follow-up among women who tested positive for carcinogenic HPV at baseline. A semi-quantitative immunohistochemistry (IHC) method using antiserum elicited against DNA modified with r7,t8-dihydroxy-t-9,10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE) was used to measure nuclear PAH-DNA adduct formation. Cultured human cervical keratinocytes exposed to 0, 0.153, or 0.331microM BPDE showed dose-dependent increases in r7,t8,t9-trihydroxy-c-10-(N(2)deoxyguanosyl)-7,8,9,10-tetrahydro-benzo[a]pyrene (BPdG) adducts. For BPdG adduct analysis, paraffin-embedded keratinocytes were stained by IHC with analysis of nuclear color intensity by Automated Cellular Imaging System (ACIS) and, in parallel cultures, extracted DNA was assayed by quantitative BPDE-DNA chemiluminescence immunoassay (CIA). For paraffin-embedded samples from carcinogenic HPV-infected women, normal-appearing cervical squamous epithelium suitable for scoring was found in samples from 75 of the 114 individuals, including 29 cases of cervical precancer or cancer and 46 controls. With a lower limit of detection of 20 adducts/10(8) nucleotides, detectable PAH-DNA adduct values ranged from 25 to 191/10(8) nucleotides, with a median of 75/10(8) nucleotides. PAH-DNA adduct values above 150/10(8) nucleotides were found in eight samples, and in three samples adducts were non-detectable. There was no correlation between PAH-DNA adduct formation and either smoking or case status. Therefore, PAH-DNA adduct formation as measured by this methodology did not appear related to the increased risk of cervical precancer and cancer among carcinogenic HPV-infected smokers.
The composition of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners in serum samples is compared between a cohort previously exposed to PCBs from working at a capacitor plant (n=180) and a cohort of Great Lakes sport-caught fish eaters (n=217). Fourteen congeners were measured in both samples. A multiple logistic regression model differentiating the two groups as a function of relative proportions amongst congeners 74, 138, 153, 180, and 201 correctly classifies more than 99% of the people (395/397); higher proportions of congeners 74, 153, and 201 characterize capacitor plant workers, while higher proportions of congeners 138 and 180 characterize fish eaters. The pattern is driven by the relative amounts of 74+153+201 compared to 138+180; all of the fish eaters, but only 5% of the capacitor plant workers, have a greater percent of 138+180 than 74+153+201. Consideration of combinations of congener levels and their relative proportions is relevant to tracking route of exposure and may also be relevant to modeling effects on health outcomes.
Changes in body composition, hormone secretions, and heart function with increased risk of sudden death occur in eating disorders. In this observational clinical study, we evaluated sympathovagal modulation of heart rate variability (HRV) and cardiovascular changes in response to lying-to-standing in patients with anorexia (AN) or bulimia nervosa (BN) to analyze: a) differences in autonomic activity between AN, BN, and healthy subjects; b) relationships between autonomic and cardiovascular parameters, clinical data and leptin levels in patients with eating disorders. HRV, assessed by power spectral analysis of R-R intervals, blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR) were studied by tilt-table test in 34 patients with AN, 16 with BN and 30 healthy controls. Autonomic and cardiovascular findings were correlated with clinical data, and serum leptin levels. Leptin levels were lowered in AN vs BN and healthy subjects (p<0.0001), but both AN and BN patients showed unbalanced sympathovagal control of HRV due to relative sympathetic failure, prevalent vagal activity, impaired sympathetic activation after tilting, independently from their actual body weight and leptin levels. No significant correlations were obtained between HRV data vs clinical data, BP and HR findings, and leptin levels in eating disorders. Body mass indices (BMI) (p<0.02), and leptin levels (p<0.04) correlated directly with BP values. Our data showed alterations of sympathovagal control of HRV in eating disorders. These changes were unrelated to body weight and BMI, diagnosis of AN or BN, and leptin levels despite the reported effects of leptin on the sympathetic activity.
Atherogenesis is thought to be mediated by local and/or systemic production of pro-inflammatory cytokines and omega-3 fatty acids have been implicated in reducing these inflammatory markers. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of an isocaloric diet supplemented with a plant-based dietary omega-3 fatty acid [alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)] on interleukin-6, C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Subjects included healthy adult males and females (approximately 79% female, average age 38 years) with increased waist circumference (mean WC=99 cm) and body mass index (mean BMI=29.8 kg/m(2)) who were free of chronic disease, not taking medications, and sedentary. Control subjects (n=24) did not to alter their habitual diet and the ALA group (n=27) followed an enriched ALA diet by using flaxseed oil capsules (increasing ALA to 5% of total energy intake) and lowered their dietary fat consumption by a commensurate amount. Fasting blood samples were obtained before and after the 8-week intervention. We found no significant changes in the inflammatory factors after this 8-week dietary intervention. This study suggests there are no beneficial effects of an 8-week ALA intervention on these inflammatory factors among young, healthy, overweight/obese subjects whose inflammatory factors are not significantly elevated.
BACKGROUND: Erythrocyte fatty acids may be superior to plasma fatty acids for reflecting long-term fatty acid intake because of less sensitivity to recent intake and a slower turnover rate. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the fatty acid content of erythrocytes with that of plasma with respect to their abilities to reflect usual fatty acid intake. DESIGN: Fatty acids in plasma and erythrocytes were measured by capillary gas-liquid chromatography in 306 US women aged 43-69 y. Fatty acid intake was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire, which was validated for measuring intakes of various fatty acids. RESULTS: Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) in erythrocytes and plasma provided the strongest correlations with its intake, but erythrocyte DHA concentrations [Spearman's partial correlation coefficient (r(s))=0.56] were better than plasma DHA concentrations (r(s)=0.48) as a biomarker. Total trans fatty acids (r(s)=0.43) and total 18:1 trans isomers (r(s)=0.42) in erythrocytes were also more strongly correlated with intake than were those in plasma (r(s)=0.30 and r(s)=0.29, respectively). Moderate correlations were observed for linoleic acid (18:2n-6; erythrocytes, r(s)=0.24; plasma, r(s)=0.25), alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3; erythrocytes, r(s)=0.18; plasma, r(s)=0.23), and eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 n-3; erythrocytes, r(s)=0.38; plasma, r(s)=0.21). For polyunsaturated and trans fatty acids, correlations between intakes and biomarkers improved moderately when average intakes over previous years were used. CONCLUSION: Erythrocyte n-3 fatty acids of marine origin and trans fatty acid content are suitable biomarkers for long-term intake. 
Both the high-frequency component of systolic arterial pressure variability and systolic pressure variation (SPV) have been indicated to be strongly affected by respiratory effect and sensitively reflect circulating blood volume (CBV). We attempted to determine the best means reflecting CBV from various parameters using power spectrum analyses of systolic arterial pressure variability (PSSAPV) and heart rate variability (PSHRV), SPV, and pulse pressure variation during graded hemorrhaging and fluid resuscitation. Under isoflurane anesthesia and mechanical ventilation, rabbits in group S (n = 6) had hemorrhaging induced, whereas those in group H (n = 10) had hemorrhaging induced followed by fluid resuscitation. After collecting baseline data, blood was withdrawn at a rate of 1 mL.kg.min for 25 min in both groups, and data were collected at 5 min after bleeding was stopped. Furthermore, in group H, hydroxyethyl starch was continuously infused at a rate of 1 mL.kg.min for 25 min; data were collected at 5 and 60 min after fluid resuscitation. The correlations between CBV and total power (TP, 0.04-2.00 Hz), high-frequency component (0.75-1.40 Hz), and low-frequency component (0.04-0.40 Hz) of PSSAPV were more significant as compared with SPV and pulse pressure variation, whereas no correlations were noted between CBV and PSHRV. To evaluate the regression models appropriately, Akaike information criterion was used, and TP of PSSAPV showed the lowest value. We concluded that TP of PSSAPV most sensitively reflected changes of CBV and that PSSAPV was the most useful parameter for evaluation of volume status as compared with conventional circulatory parameters.
OBJECTIVE: To measure the correlations between habitual intakes of individual n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and their percentages in total plasma fatty acids in a population of adult men and women. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Two hundred and seventy-six men and 257 women aged 45-60 (men) or 35-60 (women) at baseline, volunteers of the French SU.VI.MAX cohort. Fifteen 24-h record questionnaires were used to estimate the habitual intake of energy, total fat and linoleic, alpha-linolenic acid, arachidonic, eicosapentaenoic (EPA), n-3 docosapentaenoic (DPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. Fatty acid composition of fasting plasma total lipids has been determined at baseline. RESULTS: Dietary intakes of linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, EPA and DHA were weakly but significantly correlated (0.16<r<0.28, P<0.01) with their respective percentages in plasma total fatty acids in both men and women. No correlation was observed between the plasma levels of alpha-linolenic acid and its dietary intake, and between the plasma levels of arachidonic acid and long-chain n-3 PUFA and the intakes of their 18-carbon precursors, linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The percentages of linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, EPA and DHA in plasma total fatty acids, but not that of alpha-linolenic acid, are acceptable markers of their habitual levels of intake. The plasma levels of long-chain n-6 and n-3 PUFA are not influenced by the intake levels of their precursors, linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids. 
The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of 3:1 and 1:1 carbohydrate to protein ratios, hypocaloric diets with and without exercise, and risk factors associated with the Metabolic Syndrome in overweight and obese Canadian women. Groups were designated as control diet (CON), control diet with exercise (CONEx), high-protein (HP), or high-protein with exercise (HPEx). Free-living women from the Guelph community were studied in a university health and fitness facility. The participants were 44 of 60 overweight and obese women who had been randomized to the 4 weight-loss programs. Habitual diets of the subjects were energy restricted and were to contain either a 1:1 or 3:1 ratio of carbohydrate to protein energy. Subjects either exercised 3 times/week or maintained their normal level of activity for 12 weeks. The main outcome measures were weight loss, blood lipids, blood pressure, insulin, body composition, nitrogen balance, fitness, and resting energy expenditure. All groups lost weight over the 12 week period: -2.1 kg for the CON group, -4.0 kg in the CONEx group, -4.6 kg in the HP group, and -7.0 kg in the HPEx. All participants exhibited improved body composition, decreased blood pressure, and decreased waist and hip circumference. Actual diets consumed by the subjects contained ratios of carbohydrate to protein of 3.0:1, 2.7:1, 1.5:1, and 0.96:1 for the CON, CONEx, HP, and HPEx groups, respectively. Cardiovascular fitness improved in both exercise groups. There were no changes in resting energy expenditure. No adverse events were reported. Significant changes in blood lipids included decreased total cholesterol in the HP and CONEx groups, decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in the HP group only, and decreased blood triglycerides in the HPEx group only. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol, fasting blood glucose, and fasting insulin levels were unaltered by diet or exercise. A high-protein diet was superior to a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet either alone or when combined with an aerobic/resistance-training program in promoting weight loss and nitrogen balance, while similarly improving body composition and risk factors for the Metabolic Syndrome in overweight and obese Canadian women.
This study was designed to investigate the protective effects of two traditionally used Turkish medicinal plants, Camellia sinensis (CS) and Urtica dioica L. (UD), beverages used against chemical carcinogen trichloroacetic acid (TCA)-exposure in rats. The preventive potential of the plant infusions was evaluated by measuring the level of serum marker enzymes, aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), creatine phosphokinase (CPK), acid phosphatase (ACP), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH); antioxidant defense systems, reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione reductase (GR), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione-S-transferase (GST) and catalase (CAT); and lipid peroxidation (malondialdehyde, MDA) content in various organs of rats. Twenty four healthy rats were randomly allotted into four experimental groups: A (untreated control), B (only TCA-treated), C (TCA+CS treated) and D (TCA+UD treated). At the end of the 50 days, the plant infusions possessed chemoprotective effects, deduced by the remaining TCA-induced increased serum damage marker enzyme, lipid peroxidation and antioxidative system in rats compared with those of the control and TCA-exposed rats. According to the results, while the levels of AST, ALT and CPK increased in group B, no significant changes were observed in groups C and D. The MDA content slightly increased in tissues of all groups, being higher in group B. Antioxidant enzyme activities such as SOD and CAT increased significantly in the brain, liver and kidney of group B while they did not change significantly except for in the kidney in groups C and D. The GSH level and the ancillary enzyme GR activity did not change significantly in organs of all groups. On the other hand, the drug metabolizing enzyme, GST, activity decreased significantly in the brain, liver and kidney of group D while slight changes were observed for the other groups. The results revealed that TCA exposure induced oxidative stress in rat tissues, however, in plant beverage supplemented groups, a significant protective effect of CS and UD against TCA-induced oxidative injury was recorded. Hence, the study revealed that the constituents present in CS and UD impart protection against carcinogenic chemical induced oxidative injury that may result in the development of cancer. Also the observations, along with changes, suggest that both CS and UD may possess preventive potential during a 50-day protective exposure.
BACKGROUND: p53 participates in cell cycle control, programmed cell death/apoptosis, and DNA repair, all pathways involved in carcinogenesis. TP53 variants may influence p53 function. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated whether three well-characterized TP53 variants -- Ex4 + 119 C > G (rs#1042522, Arg72Pro), IVS6 + 62 A > G (rs#1625895), and an IVS3 16 bp insertion/ deletion (INDEL; rs#17878362) -- were associated with breast cancer risk in a population-based case-control study. METHODS: Genotypes and haplotypes were determined using long-range PCR in a sample of 578 cases and 390 controls. RESULTS: For the Ex4 + 19 C > G SNP (rs1042522), women with the heterozygous genotype (G/C) had a 32% increase in breast cancer risk. Other variants were not associated with risk. We further examined whether these associations were modified by cigarette smoking status and detection of PAH-DNA adducts in circulating lymphocytes. Among current smokers, each copy of the minor alleles for the IVS6 + 62 A > G SNP (rs1625895) and the IVS3 INDEL polymorphism (rs17878362) was associated with lower breast cancer risk (OR = 0.49, 95% CI 0.27-0.90; OR = 0.42, 95% CI 0.22-0.78, respectively). However, among former smokers, the homozygous variant genotype for these 2 SNPs was observed among cases (4.1 and 3.2%, respectively) and not controls. Genotype associations were not modified by the presence or absence of DNA adducts in circulating lymphocytes. Three-loci haplotypes were not significantly associated with breast cancer risk. CONCLUSIONS: These results should be confirmed in larger studies, but suggest that cigarette smoking may influence breast cancer risk through interaction with p53. 
Excretion of mercapturic acids of a xenobiotic is a good indicator for the formation of electrophilic intermediates. However, the route of excretion, urine or feces, is important for usage of a given mercapturic acid as a biomarker in humans. In the present study we investigated the excretion routes of 1-methylpyrenyl mercapturic acid (MPMA) and 1,8-dimethylpyrenyl mercapturic acid (DMPMA) formed from the corresponding benzylic alcohols in rats. Whereas MPMA was primarily excreted in urine (72% of the total urinary and fecal level), DMPMA clearly preferred the fecal route (88%). We then examined interactions of these mercapturic acids with renal basolateral organic anion transporters (OATs) using HEK293 cells stably expressing human OAT1 and OAT3. The uptake rates of MPMA by OAT1- and OAT3-expressing cells were 2.8- and 1.7-fold, respectively, higher than that by control cells. MPMA was a competitive inhibitor of p-aminohippurate uptake by OAT1 and estrone sulfate uptake by OAT3 with K(i) values of 14.5 microM and 1.5 microM, respectively. In contrast, DMPMA was not transported by OAT1 and only modestly transported by OAT3 (1.25-fold over control). Thus, we suspect that the substrate specificities, alone or together with other factors, played a directing role in the excretion of MPMA and DMPMA. Although the mechanistic link requires verification, our results clearly show that a minute structural difference (the presence or absence of an additional methyl group in an alkylated four-ring polycyclic hydrocarbon) can strongly affect the interaction with transporter proteins and direct the excretion route of mercapturic acids.
Measurement of plasma urea concentration is often used to identify a risk of dietary nitrogen-associated infertility. However, the use of plasma urea concentration in this way relies on it being an effective predictor for other potential toxic products associated with nitrogen metabolism (such as plasma or uterine ammonia). Recent research has shown that dietary nitrogen-associated infertility can be produced by diets which elevate plasma ammonia concentration without markedly increasing plasma urea concentration. Thus for cattle on different diets plasma urea concentration cannot be used to predict plasma ammonia concentration. This study evaluated whether plasma urea concentration could be used to predict plasma ammonia concentration in cattle kept on consistent diets. Data were analysed from a study where 42 cattle had been fed a control diet or the control diet plus 250 g urea per cow per day and had had weekly measurements of post-prandial plasma urea and ammonia concentrations. This analysis found that over a 100-d period, plasma urea concentration was relatively constant and unaffected by time while plasma ammonia concentration was significantly more variable, being affected by time since the study started, and whether cows began the study in the first or second group. Correlation between plasma ammonia and urea was limited; plasma urea concentration explained only 3.8% of the variation in plasma ammonia concentration. These data suggest that, even in cows on consistent diets, plasma urea concentration is not a good predictor of plasma ammonia, and that a simple urea threshold may not accurately identify the risk of dietary nitrogen-associated infertility.
In order to establish firm evidence for the health effects of dietary polyphenol consumption, it is essential to have quantitative information regarding their dietary intake. The usefulness of the current methods, which rely mainly on the assessment of polyphenol intake using food records and food composition tables, is limited as they fail to assess total intake accurately. This review highlights the problems associated with such methods with regard to polyphenol-intake predictions. We suggest that the development of biological biomarkers, measured in both blood and urine, are essential for making accurate estimates of polyphenol intake. However, the relationship between dietary intakes and nutritional biomarkers are often highly complex. This review identifies the criteria that must be considered in the development of such biomarkers. In addition, we provide an assessment of the limited number of potential biomarkers of polyphenol intake currently available.
The impact of lower serum albumin levels on teicoplanin pharmacokinetics has not been previously determined. The authors assessed the relationship between total and free concentrations of teicoplanin in serum samples obtained from patients receiving teicoplanin therapy for Gram-positive bacterial infections. In addition, the authors determined the contribution of serum albumin concentrations to the unbound fraction of teicoplanin. One hundred ninety-eight serum samples were obtained from 65 patients undergoing routine therapeutic drug monitoring of teicoplanin. Free serum teicoplanin was separated by ultrafiltration, and total and free serum concentrations of teicoplanin were determined by a fluorescence polarization immunoassay. Regression analysis was then performed to build a prediction model for the free serum teicoplanin concentration from the total serum teicoplanin concentration and the serum albumin level using the first 132 samples. The predictive performance of this model was then tested using the next 66 samples. Free serum teicoplanin concentrations (Cf) (mug/mL) were predicted using a simple model constructed using total serum teicoplanin (Ct) (mug/mL) and albumin concentrations (ALB) (g/dL): Cf = Ct/(1 + 1.78 * ALB). This model could estimate free serum teicoplanin concentrations with a small bias and an acceptable error. The measured free level of teicoplanin will lie between 0.63 and 1.38 times the predicted concentration in 95% of cases. Serum albumin level plays a major role in the variability of the fraction unbound of teicoplanin. This model can reliably estimate free serum teicoplanin concentrations more easily than by using direct measurements.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in crude oil cause a range of adverse effects in oiled seabirds, one of the most common being hemolytic anemia via oxidative attack of erythrocytes by PAH metabolites resulting in hemoglobin leakage and formation of Heinz bodies. In such cases, haptoglobin and ferritin are up-regulated to sequester free Hb and iron in the circulation. We investigated these plasma proteins as biomarkers of PAH-induced Heinz body hemolytic anemia in oiled seabirds. Concentration ranges of PAHs, HAP and FT in plasma samples were 10-184 ng/ml, 0-2.6 mg/ml and 0-7.6 ng/ml, respectively. Dose-response relationships between plasma PAH exposure and haptoglobin and ferritin (FT) were investigated, and evidence of erythrocyte Heinz body formation studied in 50 oiled common guillemots stranded on the Norfolk Wash coast (East England). Haptoglobin was negatively correlated, and FT was positively correlated with PAH exposure. Heinz bodies were also observed confirming the toxic mechanism causing hemolytic anemia and counts were positively correlated with exposure. Our results support the application of these complementary biomarkers to assess hemolytic effects of oiling in wildlife biomonitoring, which also discriminate the influence of hemolytic versus inflammatory effects in oiled guillemots.
BACKGROUND: 1-Hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) is a biomarker of recent exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). We investigated whether urinary 1-OHP concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers (COWs) are modulated by job category, respirator usage, and cigarette smoking. METHODS: The present cross-sectional study measured urinary 1-OHP concentrations in 197 COWs from Coking plant I and 250 COWs from Coking plant II, as well as 220 unexposed referents from Control plant I and 56 referents from Control plant II. RESULTS: Urinary 1-OHP concentrations (geometric mean, micromol/mol creatinine) were 5.18 and 4.21 in workers from Coking plants I and II, respectively. The highest 1-OHP levels in urine were found among topside workers including lidmen, tar chasers, and whistlers. Benchmen had higher 1-OHP levels than other workers at the sideoven. Above 75% of the COWs exceeded the recommended occupational exposure limit of 2.3 micromol/mol creatinine. Respirator usage and increased body mass index (BMI) slightly reduced 1-OHP levels in COWs (P < 0.1). Cigarette smoking significantly increased urinary 1-OHP levels in unexposed referents (P < 0.005), but had no effect in COWs (P > 0.1). CONCLUSIONS: Chinese COWs, especially topside workers and benchmen, are exposed to high levels of PAHs. Urinary 1-OHP concentrations appear to be modulated by respirator usage and BMI in COWs, as well as by smoking in unexposed referents. 
Decabrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE 209) is the second most used brominated flame retardant (BFRs). Many studies have shown that some of the BFRs act as endocrine disruptors via alterations in thyroid hormone homeostasis and affect development. Little is known about the effect of prenatal exposure to PBDE 209 on the development in male offspring. Using a CD-1 mouse model, we attempt to estimate the possible effect of in utero exposure to PBDE 209 on thyroid hormone and hepatic enzymes activities in male offspring. Pregnant mice were administered different doses of PBDE 209 (10, 500, and 1500 mg/kg/day) or corn oil for controls per gavage from gestational days 0-17. In adult male offspring whose mothers had been treated with 1500 mg/kg of PBD 209, hepatic enzyme activity of S9 7-ethoxyresorufin O-deethylase (EROD) was weak but significantly increased (54%). However, no significant changes were observed in S9 4-nitrophenol uridinediphosphate-glucuronosyltransferase (UDPGT) in any of the treatment groups. Serum triiodothyronine (T3) was found to have decreased significantly (ca. 21% both 10 mg/kg and 1500 mg/kg) in offspring, but not thyroxine (T4). Histopathological examination revealed that prenatal exposure of PBDE 209 might be related with cell swelling of hepatocytes in male offspring and there were mild changes in the thyroid glands in 1500 mg/kg group. These data demonstrate that PBDE 209 is likely an endocrine disrupter in male mice following exposure during development. Further studies using environmentally relevant doses are needed for hazard identification.
OBJECTIVE: To analyze the occurrence and the functional effects of nonsynonymous single nucleotide polymorphisms in the human diamine oxidase (ABP1) gene. METHODS: Genomic DNA from 134 healthy Caucasian individuals was analyzed for three nonsynonymous single nucleotide polymorphisms in the ABP1 gene. Serum diamine oxidase activity was studied in 37 individuals with known ABP1 genotype. RESULTS: Variant ABP1 alleles leading to the amino-acid substitutions Thr16Met, Ser332Phe and His645Asp were identified with frequencies of 25.4, 6.3 and 30.6%, respectively. Over 70% of the population (95% confidence interval, 62.4-77.9%) carry at least one amino-acid substitution. Each amino-acid substitution was at Hardy-Weinberg's equilibrium, but linkage disequilibrium between variant alleles was observed. The percentage of individuals carrying simultaneously the three amino-acid substitutions in heterozygosity or homozygosity (9%, 95% confidence interval, 4.2-13.8%) was over three times that expected from a random association (P<0.05). Individuals carrying the 645Asp amino acid displayed lower serum diamine oxidase activity as compared with noncarriers (P<0.001) with a significant gene-dose effect (P<0.05). This was due to an increase in the Michaelis-Menten constant. Individuals heterozygous for 645Asp show Vmax/Km values of 66% and homozygous 51% as compared with noncarriers. The effect of the 16Met variant allele was lower and that of the rarest allele 332Phe was negligible. CONCLUSION: Nonsynonymous ABP1 gene polymorphisms are common in humans; they cause relevant functional effects and can be considered as major determinants of variability for human diamine oxidase activity. 
The folate status and dietary folate intake of Taiwanese schoolchildren was investigated by analysis of both serum and red blood cell (RBC) folate levels and dietary folate intake in 1105 boys and 958 girls aged 6-13 years sampled from the Nutrition and Health Survey in Taiwan Elementary School Children 2001-2002 (NAHSIT Children 2001-2002). Mean serum folate levels were 18.3+/-8.8 nmol/L (8.1+/-3.9 ng/mL) in boys and 20.3+/-9.7 nmol/L (9.0+/-4.3 ng/mL) in girls. Mean RBC folate levels were 700+/-320 nmol/L (308+/-141 ng/mL) in boys and 751+/-347 nmol/L (331+/-153 ng/mL) in girls. The prevalence of serum folate deficiency was 1.4% in boys and girls, and the prevalence of marginal serum folate deficiency (7-14 nmol/L) was 31.1% in boys and 25.8% in girls. In addition, 8.5% of boys and 7.4% girls had RBC folate deficiency (RBC folate < 318 nmol/L), and 17% of children had marginal RBC folate deficiency (RBC folate of 318-454 nmol/L). Our results suggesting that Taiwanese schoolchildren have poor folate status especially during periods of rapid growth and development such as the transition from childhood to early adolescence (boys at age 12-12.9, girls at age 11-12.9). The average estimated folate intakes were 269+/-9 microg/d in boys and 259+/-9 microg/d in girls, and 42% of Taiwanese schoolchildren had a dietary folate intake below 2/3 of the RDA, indicating a poor dietary folate intake in this population. This study shows that the folate status of Taiwanese schoolchildren is currently inadequate and strategies are needed for improvement.
BACKGROUND: Both blood pressure and HDL cholesterol are affected by alcohol drinking. However, it has not been determined whether association of alcohol drinking with blood pressure varies depending on blood HDL level. METHODS: The subjects were male workers aged 20 to 29 year and 50 to 59 year (n = 21,301), representing young and middle ages, respectively, who had received periodic health checkup examinations. The subjects were divided into tertile groups by serum HDL level, and they were further divided into 3 subgroups based on the average daily alcohol intake [nondrinkers, light drinkers (<30 g of ethanol per day) and heavy drinkers (30 g or more of ethanol per day)]. Blood pressure and incidence of high blood pressure were compared among the 3 alcohol subgroups in each age and HDL group. RESULTS: In the lowest HDL tertile of 20 to 29-year-old subjects, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and incidences of high systolic and diastolic blood pressure were not significantly different among the 3 alcohol subgroups. In the middle and highest HDL tertiles of the twenties age group, systolic and diastolic blood pressure was significantly higher in heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers, and incidences of high systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly higher in drinkers than in nondrinkers. On the other hand, in all HDL tertile groups of 50 to 59-year-old subjects, blood pressure was significantly higher in light drinkers and heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers, and incidences of high systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly higher in drinkers than in nondrinkers. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that blood pressure of middle-aged men is elevated by alcohol drinking independently of blood HDL level and is more sensitive to drinking than is blood pressure of young men. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are compounds with two or more fused benzene rings produced by incomplete combustion of organic substances involved in natural and anthropogenic processes. Children are exposed to these compounds through inhalation, dietary ingestion, and, also, soil at the playground. It has been well established that PAHs have carcinogenic, mutagenic, and teratogenic effects. Considering possible health risks due to PAHs exposure among children, the present study was carried out in collaboration with the Pediatrics Department, King George's Medical University (KGMU), Lucknow, to determine its exposure in children by estimating blood PAHs levels. Due to the variable composition of PAHs mixtures emitted from different environmental sources, any single compound or metabolite may not be representative of all exposure conditions. For these reasons, the measurement of blood PAHs levels as a possible biomarker, especially of the EPA (Environmental Protection Agency, USA) priority list, has been proposed. Acenaphthylene, anthracene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene, naphthalene, pyrene, benzo(b)fluoranthene, benzo(k)fluoranthene, and benzo(a)pyrene were determined by HPLC-FD/UV. On the basis of the individual compound, the median (50th percentile) of naphthalene (19 ppb) was highest, however, benzo(a)pyrene (4.0 ppb) level was found to be lowest among all detected PAHs. The median level of total noncarcinogenic PAHs (113.55 ppb) was higher than the total carcinogenic PAHs (32.35 ppb) in blood samples of children. A significant correlation was found between period of time spent in the surrounding breathing zone of the cooking place and total noncarcinogenic PAHs (p < 0.05), while the blood carcinogenic PAHs level in children was found to be associated with lower status of their families (p < 0.05). It is speculated that there may be chances of health hazards through exposure to PAHs, those not yet declared hazardous and present at higher concentrations in the Indian environment. Further study with a larger sample size and accompanying environmental data is desired to validate the findings of this pilot study and strengthen the database of PAHs exposure in India.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in market fish have not previously been reported in Hong Kong. Axial and ventral muscles from 10 each common species of freshwater and marine fish purchased from markets in Hong Kong were analyzed for 22 PBDEs. Among the 10 freshwater fish species, spotted snakehead (Channa maculate) contained the highest level of PBDEs in ventral muscle (130 ng g(-1) wet wt.). For marine fish, bigeye (Priacanthus macracanthus) showed significantly higher levels of PBDEs (60.7 ng g(-1)wet wt. in ventral tissue) than all other marine species. The levels of PBDEs in fish samples ranged from 0.53 to 130 ng g(-1)wetwt. The tetrabrominated congener BDE-47 and pentabrominated BDE-99 were the predominant congeners, which accounted for 27% and 30%, respectively, of the total PBDEs. Daily PBDE intake was calculated according to the different fish consumption rate for Hong Kong consumers, and the results ranged from 222 to 1198 ng day(-1) for marine fish and 403-2170 ng day(-1) for freshwater fish. The daily PBDE intake from fish reported here were higher than those reported from the United States (8.94-15.7 ng day(-1)) and Europe (14-23.1 ng day(-1)).
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of soy protein containing isoflavones on homocysteine (Hcy), C-reactive protein (CRP), soluble E-selectin (sE-selectin), soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1). SUBJECT/METHODS: In a randomized crossover design, 34 postmenopausal women consumed soy protein isolate (26+/-5 g protein containing 44+/-8 mg isoflavones per day) or milk protein isolate (26+/-5 g protein per day) for 6 weeks each. Fasting blood samples were collected at the end of each diet period and end points analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: Concentrations of Hcy, CRP, sE-selectin, sVCAM-1 and sICAM-1 were not different between soy and milk diet treatments. Results did not differ by equol production status or by baseline lipid concentration. Adjustment for intake of folate and methionine did not alter the Hcy results. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that decreasing vascular inflammation and Hcy concentration are not likely mechanisms by which soy consumption reduces coronary heart disease risk. 
A method for investigating the uncertainty in internal dose estimate resulting from biological stochastic variability of excretion is proposed in the paper. The method is based on analysing generated cases of individual monitoring data using Monte Carlo simulation technique. In case of a single intake and assumption of stochastic variability of excretion is a single source of uncertainty it was shown that the intake (dose) uncertainty depends exclusively on the uncertainty of the bioassay data and the number of daily urine (faeces) measurements. Assuming a log-normal distribution for describing the variability of excretion a simple expression for calculating the uncertainty was proposed. In case of routine monitoring data it was shown that the uncertainty of annual intake (dose) estimate would depend on biological stochastic variability of excretion, type of excretion function and the number of monitoring intervals in a year. By the example of Pu and U aerosols it was shown that the effects of decreasing uncertainty in the dose estimate resulting from increasing the number of monitoring intervals in a year and from decreasing the uncertainty of bioassay data (performing a number of successive daily measurements, once in a year) should be estimated to optimise the routine monitoring program.
The tobacco-specific nitrosamine 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK) is a potent carcinogen, which can be characterized by urinary concentrations of the metabolite 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-butanol (NNAL) and its glucuronide. Using baseline data in current smokers from four clinical trials, we examine the associations of urinary cotinine with CPD and of total NNAL with cotinine and the modification of these associations by several host factors. There was a linear relationship between ln(cotinine) and ln(CPD) within categories of the Fagerstrom Test of Nicotine Dependence and of age. The increasing trend was significantly smaller for subjects with high and very high nicotine addiction and for older subjects and larger in females than males. The regression of ln(total NNAL/cotinine) on ln(cotinine) declined linearly, suggesting reduced NNK uptake per unit cotinine with increasing cotinine. The decline in trend was greater in subjects with increased CPD, with greater nicotine addiction, and at older ages and was smaller in females, although gender differences were small. Variations in the ratio with host characteristics were generally similar to a recent epidemiologic analysis of effect modification of the association between lung cancer and cigarette smoking.
The authors investigated the role of food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) design, including length, use of portion-size questions, and FFQ origin, in ranking subjects according to their nutrient intake. They also studied the ability of the FFQ to detect differences in energy intake between subgroups and to assess energy and protein intake. In a meta-analysis of 40 validation studies, FFQs with longer food lists (200 items) were better than shorter FFQs at ranking subjects for most nutrients; results were statistically significant for protein, energy-adjusted total fat, and energy-adjusted vitamin C. The authors found that FFQs that included standard portions had higher correlation coefficients for energy-adjusted vitamin C (0.80 vs. 0.60, p < 0.0001) and protein (0.69 vs. 0.61, p = 0.03) than FFQs with portion-size questions. However, it remained difficult from this review to analyze the effects of using portion-size questions. FFQs slightly underestimated gender differences in energy intake, although level of energy intake was underreported by 23% and level of protein intake by 17%. The authors concluded that FFQs with more items are better able to rank people according to their intake and that they are able to distinguish between subpopulations, even though they underestimated the magnitude of these differences.
Phthalates are chemical plasticizers used in a variety of consumer products; in rodents, they alter testicular development, leading to decreased testosterone synthesis and maldevelopment of the reproductive tract. Here, our goals were to discover a set of biomarker genes that respond early after relatively low-dose-level dibutyl phthalate (DBP) exposure and map the responding testicular cell types. To identify testicular phthalate biomarker genes, 34 candidate genes were examined by quantitative PCR at 1, 2, 3, or 6 h after exposure of Gestational Day 19 rats to DBP dose levels ranging from 0.1 to 500 mg/kg body weight. Twelve genes (Ctgf, Cxcl10, Dusp6, Edn1, Egr1, Fos, Ier3, Junb, Nr4a1, Stc1, Thbs1, and Tnfrsf12a) were identified with increased expression by 1-3 h at 100 or 500 mg/kg DBP, and 7 of these 12 genes had increased expression by 6 h at 10 mg/kg DBP. Using in situ hybridization of fetal testis cryosections from DBP-exposed rats, the temporal cellular expression of 10 biomarker genes was determined. Genes with a robust response at 1 h (Dusp6, Egr1, Fos, and Thbs1) were induced in peritubular myoid cells. For Egr1 and Fos, the interstitial compartment also showed increased expression at 1 h. Cxcl10 and Nr4a1 were induced by 1-3 h in both sparsely located interstitial cells and peritubular myoid cells. By 3 h, Stc1 was induced in Leydig cells, and Edn1, Ier3, and Tnfrsf12a were increased in Sertoli cells. These data reveal a complex early cascade of phthalate-induced cellular responses in the fetal testis, and for the first time suggest that peritubular myoid cells are an important proximal phthalate target cell.
African Americans in the southern United States have a high prevalence of chronic disease. Tocopherol intake and status have been associated with protection against several chronic diseases. Our objectives were, therefore, to examine the association between tocopherol intakes as measured by 2 regional FFQ and their corresponding concentrations in serum and to report on dietary sources of tocopherols in 404 men and women participating in the cross-sectional Diet and Physical Activity Sub-Study of the Jackson Heart Study. A large proportion (49% of men and 66% of women) reported dietary supplement use. Only 5.8% of men and 4.5% of women met the estimated average requirement (EAR) for vitamin E from foods alone, whereas 44.2% men and 49.2% women met it from foods and supplements. Total (diet + supplement) intake of alpha-tocopherol was associated with its corresponding measure in serum. Vitamin E supplement use, sex, serum cholesterol, education, and BMI, but not gamma-tocopherol intakes, were associated with serum gamma-tocopherol. For delta-tocopherol, associated variables included sex and serum cholesterol. The top food sources of alpha- and gamma-tocopherol were snack chips and the top food source of delta-tocopherol was margarine. Despite prevalent vitamin E supplement use, more than one-half of this population did not meet the EAR for alpha-tocopherol intake and very few met it from food alone. Supplement use was associated with higher alpha- but lower gamma-tocopherol concentration in serum. The possible health implications of this difference in relative tocopherol subtypes require further study.
Great interindividual variability in the pharmacokinetics of mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) exists among kidney transplanted patients. The within-patient variability in stable transplanted patients is not well established. We performed 258 determinations of trough MMF levels in 86 stable transplant patients without hematological or gastrointestinal toxicity after at least year of a functioning kidney and a fixed dose of MMF. We examined the within-patient variability of levels related with clinical factors (age, gender, underlying cause of kidney failure, time since transplant, associated immunosuppression, and MMF dose) and analytical factors (serum creatinine, proteinuria, hemoglobin). Trough MMF levels were 3.6 mg/L, percentile (Pc) 25 1.6 mg/L, Pc 75 4.4 mg/L with intraindividual variability median of 65% (Pc 25 14%, Pc 75 79%). For the data analysis a variation of 14% was chosen, which corresponded to the 25th percentile. We did not observed differences between patients with variation below or above the Pc 25 in age, gender, underling cause of kidney failure, basal MMF levels, and MMF dose. Patients with greater variations showed significantly higher serum creatinine and proteinuria values than the others (1.84 +/- 0.54 vs 1.46 +/- 0.44 mg/dL and 0.45 +/- 0.42 vs 0.19 +/- 0.14 g/L; P < .05). Therefore, great within-patient variability in trough MMF levels was associated with poor kidney function and proteinuria.
Phthalates are used as plasticizers in PVC plastics. As the phthalate plasticizers are not chemically bound to PVC, they can leach, migrate or evaporate into indoor air and atmosphere, foodstuff, other materials, etc. Consumer products containing phthalates can result in human exposure through direct contact and use, indirectly through leaching into other products, or general environmental contamination. Humans are exposed through ingestion, inhalation, and dermal exposure during their whole lifetime, including intrauterine development. This paper presents an overview on current risk assessments done by expert panels as well as on exposure assessment data, based on ambient and on current human biomonitoring results. Some phthalates are reproductive and developmental toxicants in animals and suspected endocrine disruptors in humans. Exposure assessment via modelling ambient data give hints that the exposure of children to phthalates exceeds that in adults. Current human biomonitoring data prove that the tolerable intake of children is exceeded to a considerable degree, in some instances up to 20-fold. Very high exposures to phthalates can occur via medical treatment, i.e. via use of medical devices containing DEHP or medicaments containing DBP phthalate in their coating. Because of their chemical properties exposure to phthalates does not result in bioaccumulation. However, health concern is raised regarding the developmental and/or reproductive toxicity of phthalates, even in environmental concentrations.
Bai Ku Yao is an isolated subgroup of the Yao minority in China. Little is known about dyslipidemia in this population. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of demography, diet, and lifestyle on serum lipid levels between the Bai Ku Yao and Han populations. A total of 1,170 subjects of Bai Ku Yao and 1,173 subjects of Han Chinese aged 15-89 years were surveyed by a stratified randomized cluster sampling. The levels of total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I), and apoB were significantly lower in Bai Ku Yao than in Han. Physical activity level and total dietary fiber intake were higher, whereas body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, total energy intake, and total fat intake were lower in Bai Ku Yao than in Han. Hyperlipidemia was positively correlated with BMI, waist circumference, and total energy and total fat intakes and negatively associated with physical activity level and total dietary fiber intake in both populations, but it was positively associated with age and alcohol consumption only in Han. The differences in the lipid profiles between the two ethnic groups were associated with different dietary habits, lifestyle choices, and levels of physical activities.
The present study was conducted in a Chinese population to evaluate the usefulness and sensitivity of PAH-DNA adduct as a biomarker of PAH exposure, and to examine the potential effects of smoking and polymorphisms of responsive genes on DNA adduct formation induced by PAH exposure. The polymorphisms of genes examined include GSTM1, GSTT1, CYP1A1, microsomal epoxide hydrolase (mEH) and excision repair cross-complementary group 2 (ERCC2). A total of 194 subjects with a broad range of PAH exposures were recruited, including 116 occupationally exposed workers, 49 metropolitan residents and 29 suburban gardeners. A significant exposure-response relationship was observed between PAH exposure and DNA adducts in leukocytes across the entire group of subjects (p < 0.0001). The levels of PAH-DNA adducts in the subgroup with lowest occupational exposure to PAHs (< 0.1 microg BaP m(-3)) was significantly higher than that in metropolitan residents and suburban gardeners. However, no significant difference was detected between residents and gardeners, with mean BaP concentrations of 0.028 and 0.011 microg m(-3), respectively. The polymorphisms of genes examined failed to show significant effects on PAH-induced adduct formation except ERCC2 Lys751Gln genotypes. A significantly higher level of PAH-DNA adduct was found in subjects with wild-type ERCC2 than those who have either heterozygous or homozygous variant alleles (p < 0.01). Smoking, age and gender did not substantially contribute to PAH-induced DNA adduct formation in this study. The study suggests that PAH-DNA adducts may serve as a reliable biomarker of PAH exposure in occupational settings but may not be sensitive enough to be used in populations with environmental exposures to PAHs.
Dihaloalkanes are of toxicological interest because of their high-volume use in industry and their abilities to cause tumors in rodents, particularly dichloromethane and 1,2-dichloroethane. The brominated analogues are not used as extensively but are known to produce more toxicity in some systems. Rats and mice were treated i.p. with (14)C-dichloromethane, -dibromomethane, -1,2-dichloroethane, or -1,2-dibromoethane [5 mg (kg body weight)(-1)], and livers and kidneys were collected to rapidly isolate DNA. The DNA was digested using a procedure designed to minimize processing time, because some of the potential dihalomethane-derived DNA-glutathione (GSH) adducts are known to be unstable, and the HPLC fractions corresponding to major adduct standards were separated and analyzed for (14)C using accelerator mass spectrometry. The level of liver or kidney S-[2-(N(7)-guanyl)ethyl]GSH in rats treated with 1,2-dibromoethane was approximately 1 adduct/10(5) DNA bases; in male or female mice, the level was approximately one-half of this. The levels of 1,2-dichloroethane adducts were 10-50-fold lower. None of four known (in vitro) GSH-DNA adducts was detected at a level of >2/10(8) DNA bases from dibromomethane or dichloromethane. These results provide parameters for risk assessment of these compounds: DNA binding occurs with 1,2-dichloroethane but is considerably less than from 1,2-dibromoethane in vivo, and low exposure to dihalomethanes does not produce appreciable DNA adduct levels in rat or mouse liver and kidney of the doses used. The results may be used to address issues in human risk assessment.
In Bangladesh, some commonly consumed, indigenous, freshwater small fish species (eaten whole with bone, head and eyes) such as mola (Amblypharyngodon mola) are nutrient-dense, containing preformed vitamin A as retinol and especially 3,4-dehydroretinol. The objective of the present randomised, controlled efficacy study was to evaluate the effects of mola on biochemical indicators of vitamin A status. Children (n 196), aged 3-7 years, with serum retinol 0.36-0.75 micromol/l, were randomly allocated to one of three treatment groups to receive a daily test meal (6 d/week for 9 weeks) of rice and vegetable curry (no vitamin A) ad libitum and 50 g fish curry consisting of: (1) mola, 600 retinol activity equivalents (RAE) (using 40 % biological activity of 3,4-dehydroretinol isomers) (experimental group, n 66); (2) rui (Labeo rohita), a large fish (no vitamin A), with added retinyl palmitate, 600 RAE (positive control group, n 65); or (3) rui, 0 RAE (negative control group, n 65). The nutrient compositions of the dishes were analysed. After 9 weeks, no significant treatment effects were observed for serum retinol (P = 0.52) and retinol-binding protein (P = 0.81) in the experimental group compared with the negative control, whereas the positive control improved significantly (P < 0.001). The present results do not suggest conversion of the large amount of 3,4-dehydroretinol in mola curry to retinol. Further research on the functional effect of mola in humans is needed. Mola is a nutrient-dense animal-source food, rich in haem Fe, Zn and especially Ca, thus consumption of mola in Bangladesh should continue to be encouraged.
We examined the protective effect of dietary folate on benzene-induced chromosomal damage in bone marrow of mice regarding folate levels in diet and tissue. Male mice were fed either a deficient, basal, or high folate diet (0, 2, or 8 mg/kg diet, respectively) for 4 wk followed by a single dose of benzene. Plasma folate levels corresponded to those of dietary intake. Meanwhile, bone marrow, erythrocyte, and liver folate were decreased to 40% in the deficient group and almost saturated in the high group. Plasma homocysteine levels negatively correlated to levels of tissue folate. Chromosomal damage, evaluated by micronucleus assay, was not affected by folate status alone but was markedly enhanced by benzene, particularly in the deficient group (P < 0.05 vs. the basal and high groups). The activities of hepatic drug-metabolizing enzymes did not enhance benzene metabolism in the deficient groups, indicating that enhanced chromosomal damage was solely due to the low folate status. These results suggest that a low folate status can increase the risk of benzene-induced chromosomal damage in bone marrow, but excess folate intake does not enhance protection, as it is saturated in tissue.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: This study investigated the effect of long-term storage at -70 degrees C on urinary albumin, protein, and creatinine measurements in the Family Investigation of Nephropathy and Diabetes, a multicenter study designed to identify genes for diabetic nephropathy. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Spot urine samples were collected at eight centers and shipped overnight on ice packs to a central laboratory. Samples were aliquotted and frozen at -70 degrees C for a median of 8 d before initial assay. As part of quality control procedures to determine interassay variability, 351 replicate samples were retrieved from storage at -70 degrees C after a median storage time between original and quality control analyses of 126 d (range 28 to 869 d). Freezer time was characterized as the difference in days between the initial assay and quality control assay. Percentage difference [(quality control - original/original) x 100%] between samples was regressed on storage time and adjusted for original value, age, race, gender, hypertension, and diabetes. RESULTS: After adjustment, freezer time per 30 d was associated with small decreases in percentage difference of urinary albumin (0.25%, P = 0.02), total protein (0.23%, P = 0.02), and albumin-to-creatinine ratio (0.34%, P = 0.001). Urinary creatinine levels were not affected by freezer time (P = 0.25). CONCLUSIONS: Measurements of urinary albumin, total protein, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio are minimally affected by storage at -70 degrees C for approximately 2.5 yr. Prolonged storage results in small decreases of urinary albumin and protein that do not substantially affect phenotype classification of overt renal disease. 
This study developed an acid hydrolysis coupled to a solid-phase microextraction method employing a semi-microcolumn liquid chromatography system, instead of enzyme hydrolysis with solid-phase extraction for the pretreatment of human urine samples, to detect urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP). The complete separation and detection of urinary 1-hydroxyprene was performed using a high-performance liquid-chromatography fluorescence detection system with an analytical C(18) semi-microcolumn, 60% (v/v) aqueous acetonitrile elution, and a lambda(ex/em) = 348/388 nm pair detection wavelength. Calibration graphs were linear with very good correlation coefficients (r = 0.9997), and the detection limit was 1.0 ng/L. These important parameters for acid hydrolysis and solid-phase microextraction were investigated. The total recovery was above 83% in acid hydrolysis with solid-phase microextraction. The proposed method provided a relatively simple, convenient, and practical procedure to determine the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in biological samples, and was successfully applied to detect the urine of students.
We investigated interindividual variability in gene expression in abdominal subcutaneous (SC) and omental (OM) adipose tissue of 10 massively obese men. Affymetrix human U133A microarrays were used to measure gene expression levels. A total of 6811 probesets generated significant signal in both depots in all samples. Interindividual variability in gene expression was rather low, with more than 90% of transcripts showing a coefficient of variation (CV) lower than 23.6% and 21.7% in OM and SC adipose tissues, respectively. The distributions of CV were similar between the two fat depots. A set of highly variable genes was identified for both tissues on the basis of a high CV and elevated gene expression level. Among the set of highly regulated genes, 18 transcripts were involved in lipid metabolism and 28 transcripts were involved in cell death for SC and OM samples, respectively. In conclusion, gene expression interindividual variability was rather low and globally similar between fat compartments, and the adipose tissue transcriptome appeared as relatively stable, although specific pathways were found to be highly variable in SC and OM depots.
PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to validate the Dutch version of the Brief Young Adult Alcohol Consequences Questionnaire (B-YAACQ). METHOD: The B-YAACQ was translated into the Dutch language and 800 students were invited to complete the questionnaire. A number of drinking behaviors were also assessed; including weekly drinking, age of drinking onset, and blood alcohol concentration on a typical night out. Students also completed a short version of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT-PC). RESULTS: Data from 667 undergraduate and graduate students (184 men and 483 women) who reported alcohol use during the past year was used in the analysis. On average, students in this study report 4.7 alcohol-related consequences. The Dutch B-YAACQ was shown to have a high reliability and validity: Cronbach's Alpha was 0.816, and B-YAACQ scores correlated significantly with AUDIT-PC scores (r=0.747). B-YAACQ scores correlated significantly (p<0.01) with various drinking variables, including drinking onset age, drinking days per week, alcoholic drinks per week, number of drinks on a night out and blood alcohol concentration when returning home. CONCLUSION: The Dutch B-YAACQ is a useful new tool for screening of alcohol-related consequences. 
Co-incident with the introduction of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) into household materials nearly 30 years ago, feline hyperthyroidism (FH) has increased dramatically. Risk of developing FH is associated with indoor living and consumption of canned catfood. We hypothesized that increases in FH were, in part, related to increased PBDE exposure, with key routes of exposure being diet and ingestion of house dust. This study was designed to determine whether body burdens of PBDEs in hyperthyroid (HT) cats were greater than that of young or sick non-HT cats. Serum samples and clinical information were collected from 23 cats. Serum and dry and canned cat food were analyzed for PBDEs. A spectrum of BDE congeners was detected in all cats, with BDE-47, 99, 207, and 209 predominating. Mean +/- standard error (and median) cumulative sigma PBDE serum concentrations of young, old non-HT, and HT cats were 4.3 +/- 1.5 (3.5), 10.5 +/- 3.5 (5.9), and 12.7 +/- 3.9 (6.2) ng/mL, respectively. Due to high variability within each group, no association was detected between HT cats and sigma PBDE levels. Indicative of age- or disease-dependent changes in PBDE metabolism, BDE-47/99 ratios were inversely correlated with age, and 47/99 and 100/ 99 ratios in HT cats were significantly lower than those in the other cats. Overall, sigma PBDE levels in cats were 20- to 100-fold greater than median levels in U.S. adults. Our results support the hypothesis that cats are highly exposed to PBDEs; hence, pet cats may serve as sentinels to better assess human exposure and adverse health outcomes related to low-level but chronic PBDE exposure.
This review covers the bibliographic data from the last 10 years on the possible carcinogenicity of heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) in humans. Aspects such as red meat intake, cooking methods applied to red meat, and doneness of cooking are discussed from an epidemiological point of view. The role in the carcinogenicity of the HAAs has been assigned to two main factors: first, the very high frequency of consumption of red meat; and, second, very darkly browned meats from cooking. However, there are some uncertainties associated with epidemiological results such as the presence of other carcinogens, co-carcinogens and anti-carcinogens in the diet, analytical results on the content of HAAs in foods, food frequency questionnaires, and mainly genetic susceptibility to HAAs. It is concluded that there is not sufficient scientific evidence to support the hypothesis that human cancer risk is due specifically to the intake of HAAs in the diet.
The bipotent liver progenitor cells, so called oval cells, may participate at the early stages of hepatocarcinogenesis induced by chemical carcinogens. Unlike in mature parenchymal cells, little is known about formation of DNA adducts and other genotoxic events in oval cells. In the present study, we employed spontaneously immortalized rat liver WB-F344 cell line, which is an established in vitro model of oval cells, in order to study genotoxic effects of selected carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). With exception of dibenzo[a,l]pyrene, and partly also benzo[g]chrysene and benz[a]anthracene, all other PAHs under the study induced high levels of CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 mRNA. In contrast, we observed distinct genotoxic and cytotoxic potencies of PAHs. Dibenzo[a,l]pyrene, and to a lesser extent also benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[g]chrysene and dibenzo[a,e]pyrene, formed high levels of DNA adducts. This was accompanied with accumulation of Ser-15 phosphorylated form of p53 protein and induction of apoptosis. Contrary to that, benz[a]anthracene, chrysene, benzo[b]fluoranthene and dibenzo[a,h]anthracene induced only low amounts of DNA adducts formation and minimal apoptosis, without exerting significant effects on p53 phosphorylation. Finally, we studied effects of 2,4,3',5'-tetramethoxystilbene and fluoranthene, inhibitors of CYP1B1 activity, which plays a central role in metabolic activation of dibenzo[a,l]pyrene. In a dose-dependent manner, both compounds inhibited apoptosis induced by dibenzo[a,l]pyrene, suggesting that it interferes with the metabolic activation of the latter one. The present data show that in model cell line sharing phenotypic properties with oval cells, PAHs can be efficiently metabolized to form ultimate genotoxic metabolites. Liver progenitor cells could be thus susceptible to this type of genotoxic insult, which makes WB-F344 cell line a useful tool for studies of genotoxic effects of organic contaminants in liver cells. Our results also suggest that, unlike in mature hepatocytes, CYP1B1 might be a primary enzyme responsible for formation of DNA adducts in liver progenitor cells.
In the present study coxsackievirus B3 (CVB3) adapted to Balb/c mice was used to examine whether infection affects xenobiotic-metabolising CYP1A1 and CYP2B gene expression (measured by RT-PCR) and the corresponding enzyme activities of ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) and pentoxyresorufin-O-depentylase (PROD), as observed on day 3 of infection. To study the simultaneous effects of xenobiotic exposure, mice were administered the polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) compounds BDE-99 (single congener) and Bromkal 70-5 DE (commercial mixture). Serum thyroxine levels were also measured. High numbers of CVB3 were found in the livers of infected mice but no significant effects of PBDE on virus replication were observed. In infected mice gene expression and CYP activities were decreased in comparison with non-infected mice, especially for CYP2B. PBDE exposure in the non-infected mice was characterised by an increase in both CYP2B and PROD levels/activities, whereas CYP1A levels increased and EROD activity decreased. In general, PBDE exposure in the infected mice did not increase EROD and PROD activities to the same extent as in the non-infected exposed mice. Infected mice exposed to BDE-99 showed significantly higher CYP2B and PROD levels than both the infected non-exposed and Bromkal-exposed groups. T(4) levels were greatly decreased by infection and a tendency of reduced T(4) levels after PBDE exposure could be observed in non-infected mice. In conclusion, infection reduced the detoxifying capacity of the liver and the serum T(4) levels. PBDE exposure can modify these effects. Notably, in the infected mice differences between BDE-99 and Bromkal were observed on CYP2B gene expression and PROD activity.
Evidence suggests that high peripheral beta-amyloid (Abeta)(1-40) levels and low ratios of Abeta(1-42)/Abeta(1-40) are associated with increased risk for Alzheimer's disease (AD). In this cross-sectional design, serum and plasma samples from 67 AD patients and 146 controls (similar in age and gender) were evaluated using Abeta(1-40) and Abeta(1-42) ELISA. Coefficient of variance was calculated for intra- and inter-person variability of Abeta(1-40) and Abeta(1-42). Abeta(1-40) correlated with age, MMSE and their Abeta(1-42)/Abeta(1-40) ratios (p<0.05). Significantly higher Abeta(1-40) levels were observed in AD patients than controls (p<0.05) but no difference was observed for Abeta(1-42) (p>0.05). Serum Abeta(1-42)/Abeta(1-40) ratios were also significantly lower in AD patients than controls (p<0.05). Lower intra-person than inter-person variability was observed for serum and plasma Abeta(1-40) and Abeta(1-42) and these were higher in controls than in AD patients. The intra-person variability of serum Abeta(1-40) did not influence the group differences observed between AD patients and controls. Significant interaction was observed between diagnosis and intra-person variability for serum Abeta(1-40) levels (p<0.05) and was supported by our finding of higher intra-person variability for serum Abeta(1-40) in controls (26.97%) than in AD patients (18.35%). We confirm the previously observed differences in blood Abeta levels between AD and control groups. In addition, we now report the presence of high intra- and inter-person variability possibly due to factors that influence peripheral Abeta levels and warrant further investigation before the potential use of Abeta as an AD biomarker can be fully exploited.
Elevated serum uric acid level is associated with obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes, nephropathy, and hypertension. Epidemiologic studies suggest that serum uric acid levels are heritable. We sought to identify chromosomal regions harboring quantitative trait loci that influence serum uric acid in Mexican Americans using data from 644 participants in the San Antonio Family Heart Study. Serum uric acid was found to exhibit significant heritability (0.42) in this population (P = 2 x 10(-7)) after accounting for covariate effects. In addition, genetic correlations between serum uric acid and other cardiovascular risk factors, such as body mass index, waist circumference, systolic BP, and pulse pressure, were identified, suggesting that the genes associated with uric acid level are also associated with these phenotypes. Multipoint linkage analysis identified quantitative trait loci with measurable effects on serum uric acid variability. The highest multipoint logarithm of odds score of 3.3 was found at 133 cM on chromosome 6q22-23, a region that also contains genes that seem to influence familial IgA nephropathy, obesity, BP, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. Given the relationship between uric acid level and these conditions, future studies should investigate potential candidate susceptibility genes found in this region.
Median concentration of total PBDEs in maternal serum, paternal serum, umbilical cord serum, and breast milk samples were 12, 12, 17, and 6.1 ng/g lipid weight (lw) in Vallecas and 9.7, 12, 15, and 5.5 ng/g lw in Getafe. The median value found in placentas was 1.9 ng/g lw (in Vallecas). BDE 47 was the predominant congener in serum samples (maternal, paternal, and umbilical cord), while BDE 209 was predominant in placenta and breast milk samples. BDEs 196 and 197 were detected in most of the placenta and breast milk samples. The results show that PBDEs, like other POPs, can cross the placenta barrier, although the speed of the process seems to differ for each PBDE congeners. The total PBDE concentrations found in this study are consistent with research reported elsewhere. They are in the same range as those recently reported by other European and Asian studies and lower than those conducted in the U.S.A. No significant differences were found (p > 0.05) between regions, sexes, and ages, while statistically significant differences (p < 0.05) were found between maternal serum, umbilical cord serum, and breast milk samples. The presence of PBDEs in cord blood and placenta samples indicates that there is prenatal exposure of PBDEs, which could continue after birth via breast milk.
BACKGROUND: Blood of cigarette smokers routinely displays decreased antioxidant capacity and increased oxidized lipids compared to nonsmokers. This is thought to be due to both chronic exposure to cigarette smoke in addition to low intake of dietary antioxidants, and is a routine finding in veteran smokers. No study to date has determined the independent and combined impact of dietary intake and cigarette smoking on blood antioxidant capacity and oxidative stress in a sample of young, novice smokers. METHODS: We compared resting plasma antioxidant reducing capacity (ARC; expressed in uric acid equivalents), serum trolox-equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC), whole blood total glutathione, plasma malondialdehyde (MDA), and plasma oxidized low density lipoprotein (oxLDL) between 15 young (24 +/- 4 years), novice smokers (pack-year history: 3 +/- 2) and 13 nonsmokers of similar age (24 +/- 5 years). Detailed dietary records were maintained during a seven-day period for analysis of total energy, macro- and micronutrient intake. RESULTS: ARC (0.0676 +/- 0.0352 vs. 0.1257 +/- 0.0542 mmolxL-1; mean +/- SD, p = 0.019), TEAC (0.721 +/- 0.120 vs. 0.765 +/- 0.130 mmolxL-1, p = 0.24) and glutathione (835 +/- 143 vs. 898 +/- 168 micromolxL-1, p = 0.28) were lower in smokers compared to nonsmokers, with only the former being statistically significant. MDA (0.919 +/- 0.32 vs. 0.647 +/- 0.16 mumolxL-1, p = 0.05) and oxLDL were both higher in smokers compared to nonsmokers (229 +/- 94 vs. 110 +/- 62 ngxmL-1, p = 0.12), although only the MDA comparison was of statistical significance. Interestingly, these findings existed despite no differences in dietary intake, including antioxidant micronutrient consumption, between both smokers and nonsmokers. CONCLUSION: These data, with specificity to young, novice cigarette smokers, underscore the importance of smoking abstinence. Future studies with larger sample sizes, inclusive of smokers of different ages and smoking histories, are needed to extend these findings. 
BACKGROUND: As the primary source of dietary vitamin C is fruit and to some extent vegetables, the plasma level of vitamin C has been considered a good surrogate or predictor of vitamin C intake by fruit and vegetable consumption. The purpose of this systematic review was to investigate the relationship between dietary vitamin C intakes measured by different dietary methods and plasma levels of vitamin C. METHOD: We searched the literature up to May 2006 through the OVID interface: MEDLINE (from 1960) and EMBASE (from 1988). We also reviewed the reference lists in the articles, reviews, and textbooks retrieved. A total of 26 studies were selected and their results were combined using meta-analytic techniques with random-effect model approach. RESULTS: The overall result of this study showed a positive correlation coefficient between Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) and biomarker (r = 0.35 for "both" genders, 0.39 for females, and 0.46 for males). Also the correlation between Dietary Recalls (DR)/diary and biomarker was 0.46 for "both" genders, 0.44 for females, and 0.36 for males. An overall correlation of 0.39 was found when using the weight record method. Adjusting for energy intake improved the observed correlation for FFQ from 0.31 to 0.41. In addition, we compared the correlation for smokers and non-smokers for both genders (FFQ: for non-smoker r = 0.45, adjusted for smoking r = 0.33). CONCLUSION: Our findings show that FFQ and DR/diary have a moderate relationship with plasma vitamin C. The correlation may be affected/influenced by the presence of external factors such as vitamin bioavailability, absorption condition, stress and food processing and storage time, or by error in reporting vitamin C intake. 
Today's world is increasingly seeking ways to replace the synthetic drugs with the therapeutic power of natural products. This study was designed to investigate the protective effects of Foeniculum vulgare (FV) and Salvia officinalis (SO) waters infusions against carcinogen chemical trichloroacetic acid (TCA)-exposure in rats. The chemopreventive potential of the plant infusions were evaluated by measuring levels of serum marker enzymes [aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanin aminotransferase (ALT), creatine phosphokinase (CPK), acid phosphatase (ACP), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH)], antioxidant defense systems [Reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione reductase (GR), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione-S-transferase (GST) and catalase (CAT)] and lipid peroxidation level (Malondialdehyde = MDA) in various tissues of rats. Female Sprague-Dawley rats, weighing 150-200 g, were randomly allotted into four experimental groups. While the control group (A) received only natural spring water, the treatment B group (0.2% TCA) supplied with the drinking water containing 0.2% TCA, the treatment C (TCA + FV infusion) and D (TCA + SO infusion) groups drank the drinking water containing 0.2% TCA and 2.5% the plant grains and leaves ad libitum for 50 days during experiment. At the end of the 50 days experiment, TCA and the plant's infusions caused different affect on the serum marker enzymes, tissues antioxidant defense systems and lipid peroxidation against TCA-exposed in rats with comparison to those of TCA exposed and control rats. According to the results, both TCA and TCA + plants infusions caused a significant increase in serum AST, ALT and CPK activity. Non-enzymic antioxidant GSH level significantly increased in the brain whereas reduced in the erythrocytes and kidney of TCA + FV and TCA + SO as compared to TCA group and control. While MDA content slightly increased in tissues of TCA group in comparison to those of control, significantly decreased in the brain, liver and kidney of rats of TCA + FV and TCA + SO groups as compared to TCA group and control. Antioxidative enzyme activity such as CAT and SOD significantly increased in the brain, liver and kidney tissues of TCA induced group whereas reduced the same enzymes activities as compared to TCA group. The ancillary enzyme GR activity significantly depleted in the brain and kidney of TCA + FV and TCA + SO groups in comparison to those of TCA exposed and control rats. In addition, the drug metabolizing enzyme GST activity significantly declined in the brain and kidney of TCA + FV and TCA + SO groups in comparison to those of TCA exposed and control rats, whereas, also reduced in the liver of TCA + FV and TCA + SO groups in comparison to those of TCA exposed rats. It was concluded that the levels of serum marker enzymes were found not to be decreased in plants treated groups due to hepatic damage induced by TCA. Also the four antioxidant enzymes were found to be activated in different degrees following TCA treatment and declined the activation of the enzymes the plant infusions accompanied by significant reduction in MDA concentration in the tissues. The observations, along with changes, might suggest that the both FV and SO may possess antioxidant properties during the period of a 50-day protective exposure.
C-reactive protein (CRP) is a marker of systemic inflammation significantly associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease in the general population. The aim of our current work was to study those clinical and genetic variables potentially associated with interindividual variability in serum CRP levels. A random sample of 844 participants (450 women, mean age 55 years) from a study carried out on the general Spanish population (The Segovia Study) was studied. Our results showed that age, gender, waist circumference, leptin, impaired glucose tolerance and smoking were the clinical variables significantly associated with variations in serum CRP levels. Among those, leptin showed the strongest association, explaining 11% of the interindividual variability in circulating CRP levels (p<0.001). To study the effect of genetic variants on serum CRP levels, 10 SNPs within the CRP locus were genotyped in 756 participants. Four of these SNPs (rs1417938, rs1800947, rs1130864, rs1205) were significantly associated with CRP levels after adjustment for clinical variables. Among the common haplotypes inferred from eight SNPs, two (CCATGCCT, p=0.025; CTATCCTT, p=0.004) explained 2.9% of the total variation in serum CRP. The results here reported show that 2.9% of the total variation in circulating CRP levels seems to be explained by genetics variations within CRP locus. Furthermore, serum leptin levels are strongly associated with serum CRP levels in our Spanish population.
Dietary carotenoids are associated with a reduced risk of chronic diseases. Raw food diets are predominantly plant-based diets that are practised with the intention of preventing chronic diseases by virtue of their high content of beneficial nutritive substances such as carotenoids. However, the benefit of a long-term adherence to these diets is controversial since little is known about their adequacy. Therefore, we investigated vitamin A and carotenoid status and related food sources in raw food diet adherents in Germany. Dietary vitamin A, carotenoid intake, plasma retinol and plasma carotenoids were determined in 198 (ninety-two male and 106 female) strict raw food diet adherents in a cross-sectional study. Raw food diet adherents consumed on average 95 weight% of their total food intake as raw food (approximately 1800 g/d), mainly fruits. Raw food diet adherents had an intake of 1301 retinol activity equivalents/d and 16.7 mg/d carotenoids. Plasma vitamin A status was normal in 82% of the subjects (> or = 1.05 micromol/l) and 63% had beta-carotene concentrations associated with chronic disease prevention (> or = 0.88 micromol/l). In 77% of subjects the lycopene status was below the reference values for average healthy populations (< 0.45 micromol/l). Fat contained in fruits, vegetables and nuts and oil consumption was a significant dietary determinant of plasma carotenoid concentrations (beta-carotene r 0.284; P < 0.05; lycopene r 0.168; P = 0.024). Long-term raw food diet adherents showed normal vitamin A status and achieve favourable plasma beta-carotene concentrations as recommended for chronic disease prevention, but showed low plasma lycopene levels. Plasma carotenoids in raw food adherents are predicted mainly by fat intake.
BACKGROUND: The use of chlorine for water disinfection results in the formation of numerous contaminants called disinfection by-products (DBPs), which may be associated with birth defects, including urinary tract defects. METHODS: We used Arkansas birth records (1998-2002) to conduct a population-based case-control study investigating the relationship between hypospadias and two classes of DBPs, trihalomethanes (THM) and haloacetic acids (HAA). We utilised monitoring data, spline regression and geographical information systems (GIS) to link daily concentrations of these DBPs from 263 water utilities to 320 cases and 614 controls. We calculated ORs for hypospadias and exposure to DBPs between 6 and 16 weeks' gestation, and conducted subset analyses for exposure from ingestion, and metrics incorporating consumption, showering and bathing. RESULTS: We found no increase in risk when women in the highest tertiles of exposure were compared to those in the lowest for any DBP. When ingestion alone was used to assess exposure among a subset of 40 cases and 243 controls, the intermediate tertiles of exposure to total THM and the five most common HAA had ORs of 2.11 (95% CI 0.89 to 5.00) and 2.45 (95% CI 1.06 to 5.67), respectively, compared to women with no exposure. When exposure to total THM from consumption, showering and bathing exposures was evaluated, we found an OR of 1.96 (95% CI 0.65 to 6.42) for the highest tertile of exposure and weak evidence of a dose-response relationship. CONCLUSIONS: Our results provide little evidence for a positive relationship between DBP exposure during gestation and an increased risk of hypospadias but emphasise the necessity of including individual-level data when assessing exposure to DBPs. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: This study aimed to determine the relationship between blood lead concentrations and calcium, iron and vitamin C dietary intakes of pregnant women. METHODS: Included in the study were 55 women admitted to a hospital, for delivery, from June to August 2002. A food frequency questionnaire was applied to determine calcium, iron and vitamin C intakes, and a general questionnaire to obtain data on demographic-socioeconomic condition, obstetric history, smoking habit, and alcohol intake. Blood lead and haemoglobin were determined, respectively, by atomic absorption spectrometry and by the haemoglobinometer HemoCue. Multiple linear regression models were used to determine the relationship between blood lead and calcium, iron and vitamin C intakes, and haemoglobin levels, controlling for confounders. RESULTS: The final model of the regression analysis detected an inverse relationship between blood lead and age of the women (p=0.011), haemoglobin (p=0.001), vitamin C (p=0.012), and calcium intake (p<0.001) (R(2)=0.952). One hundred percent, 98.2% and 43.6% of the women were below the adequate intake (AI) for calcium, and below the recommended dietary allowances (RDA) for iron, and vitamin C, respectively. CONCLUSION: Despite the small sample size, the results of this study suggest that maternal age, haemoglobin, vitamin C intake, and calcium intake may interfere with blood concentrations of lead. 
An experiment was conducted to determine whether adding oat hulls to weaner pig diets based on extruded rice or unprocessed wheat influenced post-weaning diarrhoea (PWD) and protein fermentation in the large intestine. Ninety-six male piglets (5.16 (SEM 0.08) kg) were allocated to (i) extruded rice plus animal proteins (RAP); (ii) RAP with added oat hulls (20 g/kg); (iii) wheat plus animal proteins (WAP); (iv) WAP with added oat hulls (20 g/kg). Blood and faecal samples were collected on days 7 and 14 after weaning at about age 21 d. Pigs fed RAP had more PWD than pigs fed WAP (P < 0.05). Oat hull supplementation to diet RAP decreased the incidence of PWD (P < 0.05). The total-tract digestibility of DM, starch and energy was higher in rice-based diets than in wheat-based diets (P < 0.001); however, oat hulls decreased digestibility of DM and gross energy (P < 0.001). Pigs fed RAP had higher plasma creatinine concentrations (P < 0.01), which were positively correlated to cumulative beta-haemolytic Escherichia coli scores after weaning (R2 0.928; P = 0.015). Addition of oat hulls decreased plasma urea concentrations only in pigs fed RAP (interaction; P < 0.05). Pigs fed RAP had lower faecal total biogenic amine concentrations than pigs fed WAP (P < 0.001). Oat hull supplementation tended to decrease total biogenic amine concentrations (P = 0.103). These data indirectly suggest that a mostly insoluble dietary fibre source such as oat hulls can decrease PWD in dietary situations where there may be a misbalance of carbohydrate to protein entering the hindgut.
Di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) is widely used in consumer products. In humans and in rats, DBP is metabolized to mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP). MBP may also further oxidize to other metabolites of DBP. We studied the metabolic profiles of DBP in rats and humans to evaluate the similarities between the two species and between different exposure scenarios. In rats administered DBP by oral gavage, we identified MBP and three urinary oxidative metabolites of DBP: mono-3-oxo-n-butyl phthalate, mono-3-hydroxy-n-butyl phthalate (MHBP), and mono-3-carboxypropyl phthalate (MCPP). MBP, MHBP, and MCPP were also present in serum, albeit at lower levels than in urine. Statistically significant correlations (p < 0.01) existed between the concentrations of MBP and the concentrations of MHBP (Pearson correlation coefficient r = 0.82 [urine] and r = 0.96 [serum]) and MCPP (r = 0.77 [urine] and r = 0.97 [serum]). However, the concentrations of these metabolites in urine collected 6 h after dosing and in serum 24 h after dosing were not correlated, suggesting continuous metabolism of DBP and/or individual differences among rats. Serum DBP metabolite concentrations increased with the dose, whereas urinary concentrations did not. We also identified MBP, MHBP, and MCPP in the urine of four men exposed to DBP bytaking a prescription medication containing DBP, and MBP and MCPP in 94 adults with no documented exposure to DBP. In the human samples, we observed statistically significant correlations (p < 0.01) among the urinary concentrations of MBP and MCPP, although the correlation was stronger for the four exposed men (r = 0.99) than for the adults without a documented exposure to DBP (r = 0.70). Our results suggest that regardless of species and exposure scenario, MBP, the major DBP metabolite, is an optimal biomarker of exposure to DBP. In addition to MBP, MCPP and MHBP may be adequate biomarkers of exposure to DBP in occupational settings orin potential high-exposure scenarios.
BACKGROUND: Cadmium exposure has been suggested as a risk factor for prostate cancer, and experimental literature suggests that the carcinogenic effect of cadmium is modified by the presence of zinc. We evaluated total prostate-specific antigen (PSA) levels in relation to urinary cadmium concentrations and dietary zinc intake. METHODS: PSA levels were determined in 1,320 men over the age of 40 in the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). Urinary cadmium concentrations were measured in about one-third of the sample population, whereas dietary zinc intake was based on participants' 24-hr recall. Information on all three variables was available for 422 men in the 2001-2002 NHANES survey. We performed linear regressions to evaluate the relationships these factors after accounting for age and other covariates. RESULTS: Little evidence for an association between cadmium and elevated PSA level was observed. However, the data provide suggestive evidence for an interaction between zinc intake and cadmium exposure (P for interaction=0.09). Among men with zinc intake less than the median level of 12.67 mg/day, an increase in 1 microg/g creatinine cadmium exposure was associated with a 35% increase in PSA level. In contrast, among men with greater than median zinc intake, little evidence for an association between cadmium and PSA was found. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest a protective effect of zinc intake on cadmium-induced prostatic injury, and may provide further rationale for investigating the impact of these factors individually and jointly on the etiology of prostate cancer. 
Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group C (XPC) is an important DNA nuclear excision repair (NER) gene that recognises the damage caused by a variety of bulky DNA adducts. We evaluated the association of two common non-synonymous polymorphisms in XPC (Ala499Val and Lys939Gln) with breast cancer risk in the Long Island Breast Cancer Study Project (LIBCSP), a population-based case-control study. Genotyping of 1067 cases and 1110 controls was performed by a high throughput assay with fluorescence polarisation. There were no overall associations between XPC polymorphisms and breast cancer risk. A diplotype CC-CC was significantly associated with increased breast cancer risk compared with diplotype CA-CA (OR=1.4, 95%CI: 1.0-1.9), but was not significant when compared with all other diplotypes combined (OR=1.22, 95%CI: 0.97-1.53). No modification effects were observed for XPC genotypes by cigarette smoking status, smoking pack-years or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH)-DNA adducts. The increase in breast cancer risk was slightly more pronounced among women with detectable PAH-DNA adducts and carrying the diplotype CC-CC (OR=1.6, 95%CI: 1.1-2.2) compared to women with non-detectable PAH-DNA adducts carrying other diplotypes combined, but no statistically significant interaction was observed (P(interaction)=0.69). These data suggest that XPCs have neither independent effects nor interactions with cigarette smoking and PAH-DNA adducts for breast cancer risk. Further studies with multiple genetic polymorphisms in NER pathway are warranted.
We have investigated the relationships among the concentration of total serum polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), various PCB congener groupings, and three pesticides to total serum lipids in humans with and without self-reported cardiovascular disease. Blood samples were obtained from 335 adult Akwesasne Mohawks, and were analyzed for 101 PCB congeners, mirex, dichloro-diphenyl-dichloro-ethylene (DDE), and hexachlorobenzene (HCB), as well as serum triglycerides and cholesterol. Structural equation modeling, following the definition of latent variables by means of confirmatory factor analysis, was used to analyze the relationships between serum lipids with PCBs and heart disease. There were significant associations among PCBs, lipids, age, and body mass index (BMI), a fact which justified the application of the structural equation model. Gender of the participant was unrelated to any of the remaining study variables. The results of this study are consistent with a model in which age is considered as both an exogenous explanatory variable and a biological driving mechanism for the acquisition of PCBs. Moreover, the results of this study are consistent with the conclusion that PCBs, acting through P450 enzymes, are directly responsible for increased synthesis of cholesterol and triglycerides, substances known to be major risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Milk and dairy products are the main sources of iodine in the Norwegian diet. This is due to a high consumption of milk and dairy products combined with a relatively high concentration of iodine in milk because of mandatory iodine fortification of cow fodder. The aim of the present study was to investigate the relation between 24-h urinary iodine excretion and estimated dietary intake, and to explore the use of 24-h urinary iodine excretion as a possible biomarker for the intake of milk and dairy products when assessing the validity of a new food frequency questionnaire for pregnant women participating the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). SUBJECT/METHODS: 119 women participated in a validation study. Iodine was analyzed in 24-h urine. Dietary intakes were estimated by a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and a 4-day weighed food diary (FD). Using linear regression, predictors of urinary iodine excretion were identified. The triangular method was applied to calculate validity coefficients. RESULTS: Significant predictors of 24-h urinary iodine excretion were: intake of dairy products, iodine-containing supplements and intake of fruit/vegetables. Fish/seafood intake and time of the year influenced 24-h urinary iodine excretion, although not significantly. The validity coefficients observed for total intake of dairy products were 0.65, 0.94 and 0.52 for the FFQ, the FD and the 24-h urinary iodine excretion, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed that 24-h urinary iodine excretion may be a useful biomarker for validating the intake of milk and dairy products in pregnant Norwegian women. 
Phthalates are a class of chemicals with widespread general population exposure. Some phthalates are reproductive and developmental toxicants in laboratory animals. Advances in the field of phthalate research in humans are dependent on the development and implementation of biomarkers to assess exposure and outcome, as well as potential markers that may be indicative of increased susceptibility. Recently, we incorporated a novel biomarker of potential 'susceptibility' into our study on the relationship of phthalates with semen quality and sperm DNA damage among men recruited from an infertility clinic. We measured urinary concentrations of three di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) metabolites, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and two oxidative metabolites, mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxylhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP) and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP). We calculated the percent of DEHP excreted as the hydrolytic monoester (i.e., MEHP). We referred to this as %MEHP and considered it a phenotypic marker of the proportion of DEHP excreted in the urine as MEHP. In our sperm DNA study, we found novel results for the DEHP metabolites. Although MEHP was positively correlated with the oxidative metabolites, the association of sperm DNA damage with MEHP, as compared to MEHHP and MEOHP, were in opposite directions. We hypothesized that MEHP is the bioactive toxicant and further metabolism to MEHHP/MEOHP may lower internal burden of MEHP and thus be protective from sperm DNA damage. An alternative explanation may include that the relative percentage of DEHP excreted as MEHP was a surrogate for the function of phase I enzymes. Men with high %MEHP may have higher levels of sperm DNA damage because of poor metabolism (detoxification) of other genotoxic chemicals. Our hypothesis that %MEHP may represent a phenotypic marker of metabolism is novel but requires further exploration to confirm.
To test whether the beneficial effects of coffee consumption in metabolism might be explained by changes in circulating levels of adiponectin, we evaluated self-reported habitual coffee and tea consumption and caffeine intake as predictors of plasma adiponectin concentrations among 982 diabetic and 1,058 nondiabetic women without cardiovascular disease from the Nurses' Health Study. Women with and without diabetes who drank >or=4 cups of coffee per day had significantly higher adiponectin concentrations than those who didn't drink coffee regularly (7.7 vs. 6.1 microg/ml, respectively, in diabetic women, P = 0.004; 15.0 vs. 13.2 microg/ml in nondiabetic women, P = 0.04). Similar associations were observed for caffeine intake. We confirm previously reported inverse associations of coffee consumption with inflammatory markers, C-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor II. Adjustment for adiponectin did not weaken these associations, and adjustment for inflammatory markers did not attenuate the association between coffee consumption and adiponectin concentrations. High consumption of caffeine-containing coffee is associated with higher adiponectin and lower inflammatory marker concentrations.
PURPOSE: We sought to examine associations among measures of caffeine exposure, including maternal urine, umbilical cord blood, and maternal self report. METHODS: Pregnant women were recruited from 56 obstetric practices and 15 clinics associated with six hospitals in Connecticut and Massachusetts between September 1996 and January 2000; 3633 women were enrolled. Maternal urine throughout pregnancy and umbilical cord blood samples were analyzed for caffeine, paraxanthine, theophylline, and theobromine. Maternal caffeine intake was assessed throughout pregnancy. RESULTS: Urinary and cord blood biomarkers were correlated with reported intake throughout pregnancy (range r = 0.35-0.66; p < 0.0001). Infants of smokers had greater cord blood concentrations of paraxanthine, reflecting faster caffeine metabolism in smokers, and cord blood paraxanthine levels were more strongly correlated with intake in smokers. CONCLUSION: Maternal self reported intake may still be the optimal and most valid measure of antenatal caffeine exposure, since biomarkers do not reflect exposure over pregnancy. 
BACKGROUND: Recent studies have reported blood levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in the U.S. population. Information about neonatal levels and about the relationship to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) exposures is limited. OBJECTIVES: The objective was to characterize levels and determinants of fetal exposure to PBDEs and PCBs among newborns from Baltimore, Maryland. METHODS: We analyzed umbilical cord blood for eight PBDEs and 35 PCBs from infants delivered at the Johns Hopkins Hospital. Maternal and infant characteristics were abstracted from medical records. RESULTS: Ninety-four percent of cord serum samples had quantifiable levels of at least one PBDE congener, and > 99% had at least one detectable PCB congener. PBDE concentrations in cord blood were similar to those reported in other studies from North America. Strong correlations were observed within but not across PCB and PBDE classes. Multivariate models showed that many factors independently predicted exposure to BDE-47, BDE-100, and BDE-153 and CB-118, CB-138/158, CB-153, and CB-180. Generally, infants of Asian mothers had lower PBDE and PCB levels, and infants of smokers had higher levels. Increased maternal body mass index was associated with lower levels of PCBs but not PBDEs. Levels of PCBs but not PBDEs were lower in births from married and multiparous mothers. Increased maternal age was associated with higher PCB levels but lower PBDE levels. CONCLUSIONS: Although many of the factors we investigated were independent predictors of both PBDE and PCB levels, in some cases the direction of associations was different. More research is needed to better understand the sources and pathways of PBDE exposure. 
Collection of dietary intake in epidemiologic studies involves using methods that are comprehensive yet appropriate for the population being studied. Here we describe a diet history questionnaire (DHQ) that was developed using an audio self-administered computer-assisted interview technique. The DHQ was developed for use in a cohort of American Indians and Alaskan Natives with tribal input and area-specific modules to incorporate local food availability. The DHQ includes 54 main food group questions, specific food items within the main food group, and food preparation and general eating practice questions. The questionnaire was programmed to be self-administered using a computer with a touch screen. The average time for the first 6,604 participants to complete the questionnaire was 36 minutes. Almost 100% of participants had complete DHQ data and the average number of food items selected was 70. The methods developed for collection of dietary data appear to be appropriate for the targeted population and may have usefulness for other populations where collecting dietary data in a self-administered format is desirable.
BACKGROUND: Lack of adherence to recommended evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with use of central venous catheters may be due to nurses' lack of knowledge of the guidelines. OBJECTIVE: To develop a reliable and valid questionnaire for evaluating critical care nurses' knowledge of evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with central venous catheters. METHODS: A total of 10 nursing-related strategies were identified from current evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with use of central venous catheters. Face and content validation were determined for selected interventions and multiple-choice questions (1 question per intervention). The test results of 762 critical care nurses were evaluated for item difficulty, item discrimination, and quality of the response alternatives or options for answers (possible responses). RESULTS: All 10 items had face and content validity. Values for item difficulty ranged from 0.1 to 0.9. Values for item discrimination ranged from 0.05 to 0.41. The quality of the response alternatives (0.0-0.8) indicated widespread misconceptions among the critical care nurses in the sample. CONCLUSION: The questionnaire is reliable and has face and content validity. Findings from surveys in which this questionnaire is used can lead to better educational programs for critical care nurses on infections associated with use of central venous catheters. 
Genetic variability in the promoter and 3' region of the SNCA gene coding alpha-synuclein modulates the risk to develop sporadic Parkinson's disease (PD). Whether this is mediated by regulating alpha-synuclein expression levels remains unknown. Therefore, we analyzed levels of alpha-synuclein in blood and human post mortem brain tissue including the substantia nigra using quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction and enzyme linked immunosorbent assay in vivo. Single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs356219, a tagging SNP for a disease-associated haplotype in the 3' region of the SNCA gene, has a significant effect on SNCA mRNA levels in the substantia nigra and the cerebellum. Further, the "protective" genotype 259/259 of the PD-associated promoter repeat NACP-Rep1 is associated with lower protein levels in blood than genotypes 261/261, 259/261, and 259/263. In conclusion, we provide evidence that alpha-synuclein levels are influenced by genetic variability in the promoter and 3' region of the SNCA gene in vivo.
BACKGROUND: We studied sympathovagal activity using real-time heart rate variability (HRV) and determined its relationship with plasma catecholamines to characterize short-term cardioregulatory mechanisms during laparoscopic adrenal pheochromocytoma surgery. METHODS: We recruited 20 patients with pheochromocytoma (Group P) and 20 with incidentaloma (Group I). HRV, systolic blood pressure and heart rate were continuously monitored. The low frequency and high frequency spectra denoted, respectively, sympathetic and parasympathetic activity. The low frequency/high frequency (LF/HF) ratio represented sympathovagal balance. Blood samples for epinephrine and norepinephrine assays were collected before, during, and after surgery. After log transformation of the repeated measures, a linear regression model was applied on their mean values. The correlation coefficients among variables were calculated using the Spearman rank test. RESULTS: No significant changes were observed in Group I. In Group P, epinephrine and norepinephrine increased in all patients during peritoneal insufflation and tumor resection. In 16 patients, systolic blood pressure, heart rate, low frequency, and LF/HF ratio increased concurrently. In four patients, low frequency and LF/HF ratio decreased. Three of these patients had normal systolic blood pressure and heart rate, and the fourth patient had hypotension and tachycardia. The high frequency component was enhanced in 15 patients and was stable in five. Low frequency was correlated with norepinephrine (r = 0.68, P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (r = 0.66, P < 0.01), and heart rate (r = 0.62, P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated a strong correlation between low frequency HRV, plasma norepinephrine, arterial blood pressure, and heart rate during pheochromocytoma surgery. 
BACKGROUND: There is increasing evidence that higher intakes of carotenoids could protect against oxidative and light damage in premature infants and may promote other health benefits in both mothers during pregnancy and lactation and in newborn infants. AIM OF THE STUDY: To develop and validate a brief quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) aimed at assessing lutein and zeaxanthin intake in women. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, estimates of lutein and zeaxanthin intake from the FFQ were compared with a 7-day dietary record and with plasma concentrations of these carotenoids. This primary care study was conducted in Pavia, Italy. Subjects were all female volunteers, aged 20-25 years (mean age 22.7 +/- 2.1 years), university students. Of the 110 women initially recruited, 87 completed diet questionnaires and donated a blood sample. Dietary intake was assessed by the FFQ by interview and 7-day dietary records chosen as a reference standard, using photographic estimations of portion sizes. Plasma concentrations of lutein and zeaxanthin were measured by HPLC. Pearson's correlation coefficient and Bland Altman Regression analysis were used. RESULTS: Mean dietary lutein and zeaxanthin intakes were 1,107 +/- 113 microg/day from the FFQ questionnaire and 1,083 +/- 116 microg/day from the 7 day dietary records. The mean difference in intake assessed by the two methods (-24.5 +/- 38.3 microg/day) did not differ significantly from zero. Dietary intake of lutein and zeaxanthin measured with the FFQ and plasma nutrient concentration among this sample were significantly correlated (r = 0.76, P < 0.0001). Mean plasma lutein and zeaxanthin concentrations were 0.33 +/- 0.09 micromol/l. CONCLUSIONS: This FFQ could be used to assess lutein and zeaxanthin intake in adult women. 
We developed a gel- and label-free proteomics platform for comparative studies of human serum. The method involves the depletion of the six most abundant proteins, protein fractionation by Off-Gel IEF and RP-HPLC, followed by tryptic digestion, LC-MS/MS, protein identification, and relative quantification using probabilistic peptide match score summation (PMSS). We evaluated performance and reproducibility of the complete platform and the individual dimensions, by using chromatograms of the RP-HPLC runs, PMSS based abundance scores and abundance distributions as objective endpoints. We were interested if a relationship exists between the quantity ratio and the PMSS score ratio. The complete analysis was performed four times with two sets of serum samples containing different concentrations of spiked bovine beta-lactoglobulin (0.1 and 0.3%, w/w). The two concentrations resulted in significantly differing PMSS scores when compared to the variability in PMSS scores of all other protein identifications. We identified 196 proteins, of which 116 were identified four times in corresponding fractions whereof 73 qualified for relative quantification. Finally, we characterized the PMSS based protein abundance distributions with respect to the two dimensions of fractionation and discussed some interesting patterns representing discrete isoforms. We conclude that combination of Off-Gel electrophoresis (OGE) and HPLC is a reproducible protein fractionation technique, that PMSS is applicable for relative quantification, that the number of quantifiable proteins is always smaller than the number of identified proteins and that reproducibility of protein identifications should supplement probabilistic acceptance criteria.
Protein profiling of human serum by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry (MALDI MS) is potentially a new diagnostic tool for early detection of human diseases, including cancer. Sample preparation is a key issue in MALDI MS and the analysis of complex samples such as serum requires optimized, reproducible methods for handling and deposition of protein samples. Data acquisition in MALDI MS is also a critical issue, since heterogeneity of sample deposits leads to attenuation of ion signals in MALDI MS. In order to improve the robustness and reproducibility of MALDI MS for serum protein profiling we investigated a range of sample preparation techniques and developed a statistical method based on repeated analyses for evaluation of protein-profiling performance of MALDI MS. Two different solid-phase extraction (SPE) methods were investigated, namely custom-made microcolumns and commercially available magnetic beads. Using these two methods, nineteen different sample preparation methods for serum profiling by MALDI MS were systematically tested with regard to matrix selection, stationary phase, selectivity, and reproducibility. Microcolumns were tested with regard to chromatographic properties; reversed phase (C8, C18, SDB-XC), ion-exchange (anion, weak cation, mixed-phase (SDB-RPS)) and magnetic beads were tested with regard to chromatographic properties; reversed phase (C8) or affinity chromatography (Cu-IMAC). The reproducibility of each sample preparation method was determined by enumeration and analysis of protein signals that were detected in at least six out of nine spectra obtained by three triplicate analyses of one serum sample.A candidate for best overall performance as evaluated by the number of peaks generated and the reproducibility of mass spectra was found among the tested methods. Up to 418 reproducible peaks were detected in one cancer serum sample. These protein peaks can be part of a possible diagnostic profile, suggesting that this sample preparation method and data acquisition approach is suitable for large-scale analysis of serum samples for protein profiling.
Several epidemiological studies suggest a link between the intake of refined sugars and an increased risk for colorectal, breast, pancreatic and endometrial cancer. However, other studies failed to confirm these conclusions and the reason for this may be the ambiguity of dietary assessment methods - mainly self-reporting - employed. Sucrose is an established biomarker for sugars intake, allowing the objective assessment of dietary sucrose. So far, urinary excretion of sucrose was mainly determined using an enzyme assay. However, this method is time-consuming and labour-intensive. In this study, we present a mass spectrometric method for the determination of sucrose in urine using liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry (LC/MS) which can be used for large-scale epidemiological studies.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are major environmental carcinogens produced in the combustion of fossil fuels, tobacco, and other organic matter. Current evidence indicates that PAHs are transformed enzymatically to active metabolites that react with DNA to form adducts that result in mutations. Three activation pathways have been proposed: the diol epoxide path, the radical-cation path, and the quinone path. The latter involves aldo-keto reductase mediated oxidation of PAH dihydrodiol metabolites to catechols that enter into redox cycles with quinones. This results in generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) that attack DNA, and the PAH quinones also react with DNA to form adducts. Several strategies for synthesis of the stable adducts formed by the o-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic PAHs with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides were investigated and compared. The PAH quinones studied were benz[a]anthracene-3,4-dione and its 7-methyl- and 7,12-dimethyl- derivatives. The parent PAHs represent a range of carcinogenicity from inactive to highly potent. Two synthetic methods were devised that differ in the catalyst employed, Pd(OAc)(2) or CuI. The Pd-mediated method involved coupling a protected amino-catechol PAH derivative with a halo-2'-deoxyribonucleoside. The copper-mediated method entailed reaction of a halo-PAH catechol derivative with a 2'-deoxyribonucleoside. Adducts of benz[a]anthracene-3,4-dione (and its 7-methyl- and 7,12-dimethyl- derivatives) with 2'-deoxyadenosine and 2'-deoxyguanosine were prepared by these methods. Availability of adducts of these types through synthesis makes possible for the first time biological studies to determine the role of these adducts in tumorigenesis. The copper-mediated method offers advantages of economy, adaptability to large-scale preparation, utility for synthesis of (13)C- or (15)N-labeled analogues, and nonformation of bis-adducts as secondary products.
The Michigan Long-Term PBB Study was established following exposure to polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs) in the early 1970s. Serum samples from cohort members were analyzed for PBB during 1976-1993. More than 20 years following this industrial incident, some participants still had measurable serum PBB concentration levels. Thus, there is continuing interest in understanding the elimination of PBB from the body. In the present study, we estimated serum PBB decay and investigated the effects of covariates on serum PBB decay rates among 406 female cohort members. We developed a decay model using a general linear mixed model, which attributes unique intercept and slope estimates for each individual while borrowing information across individuals for predicting these quantities. Age at exposure and body mass index (BMI) at the initial measurement were time-independent covariates. Time since exposure, smoking history, pregnancy status, and breast-feeding status were time-dependent covariates. Higher BMI was associated with a slower decay rate; smokers had a faster decay rate than nonsmokers; and increasing age at exposure was marginally associated with a slower decay rate. Our results suggest a faster serum PBB decay rate for women who breast-fed during the interval between serum PBB measurements. To evaluate the predictive performance of our modeling approach, we compared the results from this model with those from a previously developed ordinary least squares (OLS) two-stage decay model. The mixed-effects decay model predicted the observed serum PBB concentration levels significantly better than the OLS two-stage decay model (mixed-effects model, r=0.93; OLS two-stage model, r=0.86; P<0.0001).
BACKGROUND: Deoxynivalenol (DON) is a toxic fungal metabolite that frequently contaminates cereal crops. DON is toxic to animals, but the effects on humans are poorly understood, in part because exposure estimates are of limited precision. OBJECTIVES: In this study we used the U.K. adult National Diet and Nutrition Survey to compare 24-hr urinary DON excretion with cereal intake. METHODS: One hundred subjects were identified for each of the following cereal consumption groups: low (mean, 107 g cereal/day; range, 88-125), medium (mean, 179 g/day; range, 162-195) and high (mean, 300 g/day; range, 276-325). DON was analyzed in 24-hr urine samples by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry after purification on immunoaffinity columns. RESULTS: DON was detected in 296 of 300 (98.7%) urine samples. Cereal intake was significantly associated with urinary DON (p < 0.0005), with the geometric mean urinary levels being 6.55 microg DON/day [95% confidence interval (CI), 5.71-7.53]; 9.63 microg/day (95% CI, 8.39-11.05); and 13.24 microg/day (95% CI, 11.54-15.19) for low-, medium-, and high-intake groups, respectively. In multivariable analysis, wholemeal bread (p < 0.0005), white bread (p < 0.0005), "other" bread (p < 0.0005), buns/cakes (p = 0.003), high-fiber breakfast cereal (p = 0.016), and pasta (p = 0.017) were significantly associated with urinary DON. Wholemeal bread was associated with the greatest percent increase in urinary DON per unit of consumption, but white bread contributed approximately twice as much as wholemeal bread to the urinary DON levels because it was consumed in higher amounts. CONCLUSION: The majority of adults in the United Kingdom appear to be exposed to DON, and on the basis of the urinary levels, we estimate that some individuals may exceed the European Union (EU) recommended maximum tolerable daily intake of 1,000 ng DON/kg (bw). This exposure biomarker will be a valuable tool for biomonitoring as part of surveillance strategies and in etiologic studies of DON and human disease risk. 
BACKGROUND: Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitous environmental toxicants, for which animal studies demonstrate immunotoxic effects, including thymic atrophy and suppressed immune responses; human investigations of similar end points are sparse. The thymus is essential for the differentiation and maturation of T-cell lymphocytes. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to examine the association between prenatal PCB exposures and estimated thymus volume in infants from eastern Slovakia, a region where PCBs were produced until 1984. METHODS: Mothers were enrolled at delivery, and maternal blood samples were collected for analysis of 15 PCB congeners, p,p'-DDT [1,1,1-trichloro-2,2'-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane], and p,p'-DDE [1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene]. Each mother was interviewed to obtain information on sociodemographic characteristics, past pregnancies, occupational history, medication history, and living environment. Neonatal thymus volume was estimated using ultrasound measurements on the third or fourth day after birth. Thymic index was calculated on 982 newborns from mothers with PCB measurements. We developed a predictive model of the natural log of the thymic index using multiple linear regression with covariates selected from the bivariate analyses. RESULTS: Prenatal PCB exposure was associated with a smaller thymic index at birth [beta= -36 (natural log-transformed; nanograms per gram lipids); p = 0.047]. District of residence and delivery also predicted thymic index. Male sex, later gestational age, larger birth weight z-score, and Roma ethnicity were associated with a larger thymic index, whereas respiratory illness was associated with a lower thymic index. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides the first evidence to date that PCB exposure in neonates is associated with a smaller thymic volume, suggesting possible impaired immunologic development. 
Chronic renal failure (CRF), in the main agricultural region under reservoir based cascade irrigation in Sri Lanka has reached crisis proportion. Over 5,000 patients in the region are under treatment for CRF. The objective of this study is to establish the etiology of the CRF. Concentrations of nine heavy metals were determined in sediments, soils of reservoir peripheries, water and Nelumbo nucifera (lotus) grown in five major reservoirs that supply irrigation water. All five reservoirs carried higher levels of dissolved cadmium (Cd), iron (Fe) and lead (Pb). Dissolved Cd in reservoir water ranged from 0.03 to 0.06 mg/l. Sediment Cd concentration was 1.78-2.45 mg/kg. No arsenic (As) was detected. Cd content in lotus rhizomes was 253.82 mg/kg. The Provisional Tolerable Weekly Intake (PTWI) of Cd based on extreme exposure of rice is 8.702-15.927 microg/kg body weight (BW) for different age groups, 5-50 years. The PTWI of Cd due to extreme exposure of fish is 6.773-12.469 microg/kg BW. The PTWI on a rice staple with fish is 15.475-28.396 microg/kg BW. The mean urinary cadmium (UCd) concentration in CRF patients of age group 40-60 years was 7.58 microg Cd/g creatinine and in asymptomatic persons UCd was 11.62 microg Cd/g creatinine, indicating a chronic exposure to Cd. The possible source of Cd in reservoir sediments and water is Cd-contaminated agrochemicals. The CRF prevalent in north central Sri Lanka is a result of chronic dietary intake of Cd, supported by high natural levels of fluoride in drinking water, coupled with neglecting of routine de-silting of reservoirs for the past 20 years.
Homocysteine (Hcy) and S-adenosylhomocysteine (AdoHcy) are critical intermediates of methionine metabolism. To investigate which, if either, of these compounds is more closely related to atherosclerosis, we fed 5 groups of apolipoprotein E (apoE)-deficient mice different diets for 8 wk to induce changes in their plasma Hcy and AdoHcy concentrations. These included an AIN-93G control diet (C), this C diet supplemented with methionine (M), the M diet deficient in folates, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12 (M-V), this M diet supplemented with these B vitamins (M+V), and a C diet deficient in B vitamins (C-V). Compared with controls, mice fed the C-V diet had a moderate elevation in their plasma total Hcy (tHcy) levels; however, their plasma AdoHcy concentration and atherosclerotic lesion areas were not different. In contrast, the mice fed the M+V diet had larger atherosclerotic lesion areas and elevated plasma AdoHcy concentrations but their plasma tHcy concentration did not differ from that of the group C mice. The plasma AdoHcy concentration and aortic sinus lesion areas were positively correlated (r = 0.866; P < 0.001). We observed a negative correlation between the plasma AdoHcy concentration and both the DNA methyltransferase activity (r = -0.792; P < 0.001) and global DNA methylation status (r = -0.824; P < 0.001) in the aortic tissue. Hence, our study suggests that plasma AdoHcy is a better biomarker of atherosclerosis than Hcy and may accelerate the development of atherosclerotic lesions in apoE-deficient mice that have been fed a high methionine diet. The mechanisms underlying this effect may be related to the AdoHcy-mediated inhibition of DNA methylation in the aortic tissue.
A total of 132 studies were identified, of which 25 studies addressed environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the general population. Of these 9 studies included children. Of 101 studies among workers in various occupations, 32 studies were in petrochemical industries, 29 studies in foundries, 14 studies in asphalt work, 21 studies working in urban air, 6 studies in combustion, 3 studies in soil remediation, and 2 studies in printing. Environmental and occupational studies were identified through an extensive search of the PubMed database up to November 2006. The aim of this review was to provide an overview of studies using urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) as a biomarker of environmental and occupational exposure to PAHs. Hereby, we aim to support the current validation of 1-HP by summarizing the evidence of specific PAH exposure and1-HP associations in humans. Urine from more than 7000 children from 8 countries and 3400 adults from 9 countries were included in the 25 studies assessing environmental exposure to PAH. Among the occupational studies 7500 men and women gave urine samples to assess occupational PAH exposure. When measuring biomarkers in urine, volume (and time) or concentrations of creatinine are often used to standardize for diuresis. To be able to compare the included studies we recalculated the given concentrations to mumol 1-HP/mol creatinine. In conclusion, the highest concentrations of urinary 1-HP are found among workers in petrochemical industries among coke-oven workers. Occupational PAH exposure was the major factor determining high urinary concentration of 1-HP. The highest concentrations were observed among workers in the petrochemical industry at work places in Taiwan and China. To evaluate environmental and low-level occupational exposure to PAH it is crucial to provide knowledge on intra- and inter-individual variation in the evaluation of 1-HP. The highest contribution originates from environmental tobacco smoke, but also different country, cooking culture, and behavior influences urinary of 1-HP.
Increased bladder sensation is the most troublesome symptom of overactive bladder. In clinical practice, reliable noninvasive evaluation of bladder sensation is needed. This study was designed to determine the reliability of a 24-h sensation-related bladder diary (SR-BD) in women with urinary incontinence including clinically relevant information regarding the bladder sensation. A total of 246 women with urinary incontinence filled out a SR-BD for 3 days. They graded the perception of bladder sensation at each micturition and measured the volume voided. The reliability of the 24-h SR-BD method is preserved, when taking into account the grade of bladder sensation. The 24-h SR-BD, which incorporates bladder sensation at each micturition, not only gives information on sensation-related micturition behavior but also shows good reliability. Grading of bladder sensation does not jeopardize this methodology but on the contrary provides added value, which is clinically relevant.
BACKGROUND: Choline and betaine are found in a variety of plant and animal foods and were recently shown to be associated with decreased homocysteine concentrations. OBJECTIVE: The scope of this work was to investigate the associations between dietary choline and betaine consumption and various markers of low-grade systemic inflammation. DESIGN: Under the context of a cross-sectional survey that enrolled 1514 men (18-87 y of age) and 1528 women (18-89 y of age) with no history of cardiovascular disease (the ATTICA Study), fasting blood samples were collected and inflammatory markers were measured. Dietary habits were evaluated with a validated food-frequency questionnaire, and the intakes of choline and betaine were calculated from food-composition tables. RESULTS: Compared with the lowest tertile of choline intake (<250 mg/d), participants who consumed >310 mg/d had, on average, 22% lower concentrations of C-reactive protein (P < 0.05), 26% lower concentrations of interleukin-6 (P < 0.05), and 6% lower concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P < 0.01). Similarly, participants who consumed >360 mg/d of betaine had, on average, 10% lower concentrations of homocysteine (P < 0.01), 19% lower concentrations of C-reactive protein (P < 0.1), and 12% lower concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P < 0.05) than did those who consumed <260 mg/d. These findings were independent of various sociodemographic, lifestyle, and clinical characteristics of the participants. CONCLUSIONS: Our results support an association between choline and betaine intakes and the inflammation process in free-eating and apparently healthy adults. However, further studies are needed to confirm or refute our findings. 
A method for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and hexachlorbenzene in water applying the regression triplet in the calibration procedure of chromatographic data has been applied. The detection limit and quantification limit are currently calculated on the basis of the standard deviation of replicate analyses at a single concentration. However, since the standard deviation depends on concentration, these single-concentration techniques result in limits that are directly dependent on spiking concentration. A more rigorous approach requires first careful attention to the three components of the regression triplet (data, model, method), examining (1) the data quality of the proposed model, (2) the model quality and (3) the least-squares method to be used for fulfilment of all least-squares assumptions. For high-performance liquid chromatography determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and gas chromatography analysis of hexachlorbenzene in water, this paper describes the effects of deviations from five basic assumptions The paper considers the correction of deviations: identifying influential points, namely, outliers, the calibration task depends on the regression model used, and the least-squares method is based on the assumptions of the normality of the errors, homoscedasticity and the independence of errors. Results show that the approach developed provides improved estimates of analytical limits and that the single-concentration approaches currently in wide use are seriously flawed.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are widespread pollutants commonly found in air, food, and drinking water. Benzo[a]pyrene is a well-studied representative PAH found in air from fossil fuel combustion and a transplacental carcinogen experimentally. PAHs bind covalently to DNA to form DNA adducts, an indicator of DNA damage, and an informative biomarker of potential cancer risk. Associations between PAH-DNA adduct levels and both cancer risk and developmental deficits have been seen in previous experimental and epidemiologic studies. Several genes have been shown to play an important role in the metabolic activation or detoxification of PAHs, including the cytochrome P450 genes CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 and the glutathione S-transferase (GST) genes GSTM1, and GSTT2. Genetic variation in these genes could influence susceptibility to adverse effects of PAHs in polluted air. Here, we have explored interactions between prenatal PAH exposure and 17 polymorphisms in these genes (rs2198843, rs1456432, rs4646903, rs4646421, rs2606345, rs7495708, rs2472299, rs162549, rs1056837, rs1056836, rs162560, rs10012, rs2617266, rs2719, rs1622002, rs140194, and gene deletion GSTM1-02) and haplotypes on PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood of 547 newborns and in maternal blood of 806 mothers from three different self-described ethnic groups: African Americans, Dominicans, and Caucasians. PAHs were measured by personal air monitoring of mothers during pregnancy. Significant interactions (p < 0.05) were observed between certain genetic polymorphisms and CYP1A1 haplotype and PAHs in mothers and their newborns in the three ethnic groups. However, with our limited sample size, the current findings are suggestive only, warranting further study.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OH-pyrene) is now largely considered to be a valuable biomarker of exposure of man and animals to pyrene and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). However, from a practical and agronomic standpoint, the question remains whether such biomarking capability still holds when 1-OH-pyrene is analyzed in milk produced by ruminants. To assess this hypothesis, four goats were daily submitted to three different amounts of pyrene oral ingestion, together with phenanthrene and benzo(a)pyrene (1, 7, and 49 mg/day during 1 week each). An HPLC-fluorometric analysis of 1-OH-pyrene in milk revealed a perfect correlation between pyrene doses and 1-OH-pyrene detected in milk, thus fully confirming the biomarking capability of 1-OH-pyrene and providing information on its transfer coefficient toward milk. Transfer equations such as the ones found in the present study could be used as a valuable and practical risk assessment tool in (i) the accurate monitoring of exposure of ruminants to pyrene and (ii) the evaluation of occupational and environmental exposure of ruminants to PAH mixtures.
The concentrations of trichloroacetic acid (tca)-soluble copper and caeruloplasmin were determined in 345 serum samples taken from cattle in March 1998 by eight Scottish Agricultural College veterinary disease surveillance centres serving areas with soils ranging from being 'high' in molybdenum (Thurso) to 'low' (Perth and St Boswells). The mean concentrations varied significantly between the centres, with Thurso having the lowest values for both variables. There were strong linear regressions (r>0.8) between caeruloplasmin and tca-soluble copper for each centre but no significant differences in slope or intercept between the areas with the highest and lowest soil molybdenum, and the pooled regression accounted for 88 per cent of the variation. The distribution of the ratios of caeruloplasmin to tca-soluble copper, unlike those of the individual variables, was not normal, and 70 per cent of the values fell within 10 per cent of the mean ratio of 20.3 mg/micromol and close to the 22 mg/micromol copper expected in pure caeruloplasmin. Low ratios were generally associated with low tca-soluble copper. Ratios above 24 were found in 8 per cent of the samples and were probably attributable to acute-phase reactions and the non-specificity of the assay for caeruloplasmin.
OBJECTIVE: Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) allows the noninvasive assessment of absolute myocardial blood flow (MBF) in mL/min/g during rest, and hyperemia induced by intravenous adenosine, a powerful coronary vasodilator with short decay time. The longitudinal variability in healthy volunteers of the hemodynamic response to adenosine, and of the MBF response, remain largely unknown. The purpose of this study was to assess the longitudinal variability for resting and hyperemic MBFs in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Thirty participants (19 women, 11 men, mean age 63.2 +/- 9.6; range 45-79 years) underwent 2 MRI exams with an average separation of 334 +/- 158 days (range: 20-645) between the 2 exams, using a rapid, multislice T1-weighted gradient-echo imaging technique at rest and during maximal vasodilation with intravenous adenosine. RESULTS: The absolute repeatability coefficient, corresponding to the 95% confidence intervals of the within subject differences, was 0.29 mL/min/g for rest studies, and 1.13 mL/min/g for hyperemic MBF. The relative repeatability coefficients, expressed as a percentage of the mean blood flow, averaged 30% at rest, and 41% during hyperemia. Differences in resting MBF between the 2 exams from 1.01 +/- 0.22 to 0.91 +/- 0.18 mL/min/g (P = 0.001) were associated with changes in hemodynamic conditions, but no such association was observed for hyperemic MBFs, which averaged 2.84 +/- 0.87 mL/min/g in the first examination, and 2.69 +/- 0.65 mL/min/g at follow-up. Over approximately 1 year of aging between perfusion studies there was no observable decline of the hyperemic response, but the variability of the hyperemic MBF response increased with the lag between baseline and follow-up measurements. CONCLUSIONS: The repeatability of MBF measurements by MRI at rest was similar to results from previous studies with positron emission tomography. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and tetrabromobisphenol A (TBBPA) are brominated flame retardants that are produced in large quantities and are commonly used in construction materials, textiles, and as polymers in electronic equipment. Environmental and human levels of PBDEs have been increasing in the past 30 years, but the toxicity of PBDEs is not fully understood. Studies on their effects are relatively limited, and show that PBDEs are neurotoxins and potential endocrine disrupters. Hydroxylated (OH) and methoxylated (MeO) PBDEs have also been reported in the adipose tissue, blood and milk of wild animals and humans. In the present study, 15 PBDE metabolites, two BDE mixtures (DE71 and DE79), and TBBPA were studied individually to determine their effects on ten steroidogenic genes, aromatase activity, and concentrations of two steroid hormones (testosterone and 17beta-estradiol) in the H295R human adrenocortical carcinoma cell line. Exposure to 0.05 microM 2'-OH-BDE-68 significantly induced the expression of CYP11A, CYP11B2, CYP17, CYP21, 3betaHSD2, 17betaHSD1, and 17betaHSD4, and the expression of StAR was induced by 6-OH-BDE-90 at the three exposure concentrations. Exposure to DE71 and DE79 resulted in dose-dependent trend towards induction, but these effects were not significant. Exposure to 0.5 microM 2-OH-BDE-123 and 2-MeO-BDE-123 resulted in significantly greater aromatase activity. However, none of the compounds affected sex hormone production at the concentrations tested. Generally, OH-BDEs had a much stronger ability to affect steroidogenic gene expression than MeO-BDEs.
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Patients who have neurological dysphagia induced by cerebrovascular disease are at high risk of malnutrition and aspiration pneumonia. Since trace elements in serum bind to serum protein, serum trace elements concentration is influenced by serum protein concentration. In addition, serum protein concentration is influenced by malnutrition and inflammation. Therefore, evaluation of serum trace elements concentration has to consider influence of malnutrition and inflammation. In recent years, enteral formula including rich trace elements were developed to prevent trace elements deficiency. However, serum trace elements concentration showed a low level even if patients were receiving enough trace elements intake. We thought that it was effective in nutritional management of patients with malnutrition and inflammation to clarify about correlation among nutritional indices, serum trace elements, and the amount of trace element intake in tube-fed patients. In this study, we aimed to determine nutritional indices that are predictors of serum trace elements in patients with neurological dysphagia on long-term tube feeding. METHODS: Subjects were 40 elderly bedridden patients with neurological dysphagia induced by cerebrovascular disease. All subjects were fed total enteral nutrition via nasogastric tube. We investigated serum trace elements (iron, copper, zinc) and nutritional indices (body mass index, albumin, transferrin, ceruloplasmin, C-reactive protein, hemoglobin, lymphocyte, trace elements intake), and analyzed by multiple regression analysis. In addition, we divided subjects into two groups based on inflammatory response. The first group was 20 patients with inflammation (inflammation group), and another group was 20 patients without pneumonia (control group). RESULTS: Subjects were malnourished and showed inflammatory response: low body weight (55%), hypoalbuminemia (58%), moderate or severe inflammation (53%), anemia (38%). Ratio of low serum iron concentration was 43%. Ratio of high serum copper concentration was 45%. Ratio of low serum zinc concentration was 65%. Mean of trace elements intake was slightly more than requirements. In multiple regression analysis in all subjects, predictor of serum iron was hemoglobin (P<0.01) and transferrin (P<0.05), predictor of serum copper was ceruloplasmin (P<0.001) and C-reactive protein (P<0.05), predictor of serum zinc was albumin (P<0.05). In comparisons of nutritional status between inflammation group and control group, serum zinc concentration in inflammation group was significantly lower than control group. On the other hand, ceruloplasmin, C-reactive protein and serum copper concentration in inflammation group were significantly higher than control group. There was no significant difference in daily trace elements intake between inflammation group and control group. CONCLUSION: In tube-fed patients with neurological dysphagia, serum trace elements concentration was influenced by malnutrition and inflammation. It was suggested that serum trace elements concentration might not be normalized if malnutrition and inflammation are not treated. We recommend periodical monitoring of trace elements for long-term tube-fed patients with neurological dysphagia. 
In this study we tested the use of seabird blood as a bioindicator of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) pollution in the marine environment. Blood cells of breeding yellow-legged gulls (Larus michahellis) were able to track spatial and temporal changes consistent with the massive oil pollution pulse that resulted from the Prestige oil spill. Thus, in 2004, blood samples from yellow-legged gulls breeding in colonies that were in the trajectory of the spill doubled in theirtotal PAH concentrations when compared to samples from unoiled colonies. Furthermore, PAH levels in gulls from an oiled colony decreased by nearly a third in two consecutive breeding seasons (2004 and 2005). Experimental evidence was gathered by means of an oil-ingestion field experiment. The total concentration of PAHs in the blood of gulls given oil supplements was 30% higher compared to controls. This strongly suggested that measures of PAHs in the blood of gulls are sensitive to the ingestion of small quantities of oil. Our study provides evidence that seabirds were exposed to residual Prestige oil 17 months after the spill commenced and gives support to the nondestructive use of seabirds as biomonitors of oil pollution in marine environments.
OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to investigate exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in a young urban population in a developing country, with focus on potentially highly exposed children working informally as scrap scavengers at a large municipal waste disposal site. We also set out to investigate whether hydroxylated metabolites, which not hitherto have been found retained in humans, could be detected. METHODS: We assessed PBDEs in pooled serum samples obtained in 2002 from children 11-15 years of age, working and sometimes also living at the municipal waste disposal site in Managua, and in nonworking urban children. The influence of fish consumption was evaluated in the children and in groups of women 15-44 years of age who differed markedly in their fish consumption. Hydroxylated PBDEs were assessed as their methoxylated derivates. The chemical analyses were performed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry, using authentic reference substances. RESULTS: The children living and working at the waste disposal site showed very high levels of medium brominated diphenyl ethers. The levels observed in the referent children were comparable to contemporary observations in the United States. The exposure pattern was consistent with dust being the dominating source. The children with the highest PBDE levels also had the highest levels of hydroxylated metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: Unexpectedly, very high levels of PBDEs were found in children from an urban area in a developing country. Also, for the first time, hydroxylated PBDE metabolites were found to bioaccumulate in human serum. 
OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the effects of the consumption of green tea (GT) for 7 d on biomarkers of oxidative stress in young men undergoing resistance exercise. METHODS: Fourteen subjects performed a bench press exercise (four sets, 10 to 4 repetitions) after undergoing a period without (control group) or with the intake of GT (GT group; 2 g of leaves in 200 mL of water, three times per day). Blood samples were obtained before and after exercise and analyzed for total antioxidant capacity (ferric reducing ability of plasma [FRAP]), total polyphenols, reduced glutathione (GSH), lipid hydroperoxide (LH) and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances, creatine kinase (CK), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), xanthine oxidase (XO), hypoxanthine, and uric acid (UA). RESULTS: In the control group, exercise did not affect the values of LH, thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances, and FRAP, although it did reduce the levels of GSH (P < 0.05). In addition, exercise increased CK, AST, and XO activities, although it did not change the values for hypoxanthine or UA. Green tea reduced the postexercise concentration of LH and increased the values of total polyphenols, GSH, and FRAP. GT also inhibited a significant rise in CK and XO activities induced by exercise. Furthermore, GT decreased the AST activity and hypoxanthine and UA concentrations before and after exercise. The assessment of food consumption revealed that the participants had an unbalanced diet, particularly in relation to vitamin E and carotenoids. CONCLUSION: Consumption of GT, a beverage rich in polyphenols, may offer protection against the oxidative damage caused by exercise, and dietary guidance for sports participants should be emphasized. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine whether dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3PUFA) is associated with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) levels with regard to smoking status in the Japanese general population in a cross-sectional study. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 14,191 participants aged 40-69 years were enrolled and divided into quartile groups according to their intake of n-3PUFA. Multivariate-adjusted logarithm-transformed CRP levels were compared between the quartile groups with regard to smoking status after adjusting for traditional risk factors and intake of saturated fatty acids. Adjusted CRP levels were inversely associated with dietary intake of n-3PUFA for both the male subjects and female subjects (p<0.05 for trend). A linear trend was not seen between intake of n-3PUFA and adjusted CRP levels in male nonsmokers. Adjusted CRP level in the lowest quartile group of n-3PUFA was significantly higher than the levels in other groups in male smokers. CONCLUSION: Sufficient dietary intake of n-3PUFA may attenuate inflammatory reaction and this effect is more evident among high-risk populations such as male smokers although the small numbers of female ex-smokers and nonsmokers limited statistical power to draw strong conclusions about these groups. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexabromobiphenyl (BB-153) are chemicals known as brominated flame retardants. We have assessed the exposure status of the United States population to PBDEs and BB-153 and explored associations with demographic information, including participants' age, sex, and race/ethnicity. A total of 2,062 serum samples, from participants in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2003-2004 aged 12 years and older, were analyzed for PBDEs and BB-153; stratified and regression analyses were used to examine levels among demographic groups. The congener with the highest serum concentration was 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (BDE-47) [geometric mean 20.5 ng/g lipid]; followed by 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexaBDE (BDE-153) [5.7 ng/g lipid]; 2,2',4,4',5-pentaBDE (BDE-99) [5.0 ng/g lipid; a value equal to the highest limit of detection for an individual sample]; 2,2',4,4',6-pentaBDE (BDE-100) [3.9 ng/g lipid]; BB-153 [2.3 ng/g lipid]; and 2,4,4'-triBDE (BDE-28) [1.2 ng/g lipid]. For BDE-47, we observed no significant difference in the least-squares geometric mean (LSGM) by sex, but with age we found both a linear decrease (p = 0.01) and a positive quadratic trend (p = 0.01). Its LSGM, 27.9 ng/lipid, in the 12-19 year olds decreased to 17.2 ng/g lipid in the 40-49 year group, and then curved upward to 20.4 ng/g lipid in the > or =60 years olds. Mexican Americans had the highest LSGM of BDE-47 (24.5 ng/g lipid), which was significantly higher than that of non-Hispanic whites (19.7 ng/g lipid, p = 0.01). Adults 60 years and older were twice as likely as adults 20-59 years old to have a serum BDE-47 concentration above the 95th percentile (p = 0.02). These data provide needed exposure assessment data for public health decisions.
Heavy alcohol consumption has been associated with several adverse neurocognitive outcomes in older adults, though little is known about lower consumption levels. No study has investigated the associations between S100beta and amyloid beta (Abeta) serum levels (biomarkers that provide evidence of neurological pathology) and light to moderate alcohol consumption in healthy older adults without neurological conditions. Thirty-five healthy older adults underwent neuropsychological testing and fasting blood draw with subsequent serum S100beta and Abeta 1-40 level quantification. Increased S100beta levels were associated with increased frequency of alcohol consumption and increased total monthly consumption of alcohol. Increased Abeta levels were associated with increased quantity of alcohol consumption. Further work investigating possible mechanisms is needed, particularly longitudinal studies and studies employing neuroimaging.
OBJECTIVES: Although light to moderate alcohol consumption has been associated with lower all-cause and cardiovascular (CV) mortality, the underlying mechanisms are only partly understood. Evidence has emerged in recent years that atherosclerosis is an inflammatory disease. We hypothesize that beneficial effects of moderate alcohol consumption on CV mortality may be linked to antiinflammatory effects. METHODS AND RESULTS: The association between alcohol consumption and concentrations of high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and fibrinogen were investigated. Six hundred and thirtysix eligible individuals apparently healthy were included. 393 (61.8%) were men and 243 (38.2%) were women. The mean ages for men and women were 51.5 +/- 12.4 y and 50.8 +/- 12.1 y, respectively. Daily alcohol intake showed an apparent U-shaped association with hs-CRP and fibrinogen values in men, with lowest levels at an alcohol intake of 20-70 g daily (0.139 +/- 0.116 mg/dl for hs-CRP and 274 +/- 51.7 mg/dl for fibrinogen). Proportional odds model analysis showed moderate alcohol consumption (20 to 70 g vs. no drinking per day, OR = 0.32, 95% CI: 0.14-0.74), and regular exercise (> or = 3 times/week vs. no, OR = 0.52, 95% CI: 0.35-0.77) were negatively correlated with elevated hs-CRP values. CONCLUSIONS: Our results parallel the demonstration of a U-shaped relationship between alcohol consumption and cardiovascular mortality, and suggest that anti-inflammatory effects of moderate alcohol intake may partly be linked to a low cardiovascular and overall mortality. 
Three experiments were conducted to investigate the effect of dietary glycine (Gly) supplementation on inflammatory responses in broiler chicks fed a basal diet using maize and soybean meal as the primary ingredients. Inflammation-related processes following lipopolysaccharide (LPS) injection were examined by analysing plasma concentrations of nitrate plus nitrite (NOx) and ceruloplasmin (Cer) in experiments 1 and 2, or expression of several genes in the spleen and liver including IL-1 beta and -6, TNF-like ligand (TL)1A, inducible NO synthase, interferon (IFN)-gamma and toll-like receptor (TLR) 4 were examined in experiment 3. Growth performance was also determined following immunological stimulation by both LPS and Sephadex injection in experiment 2. In experiment 1, birds fed a diet supplemented with Gly at 10 or 20 g/kg showed lower responses in plasma NOx and Cer than birds fed the diet supplemented with Gly at 0 or 40 g/kg. In experiment 2, a similar effect of Gly supplementation at 10 g/kg on plasma NOx and Cer was observed when chicks were fed either an isonitrogenous diet with Gly or glutamic acid (Glu). Gly-supplemented diet-fed birds showed better growth performance than Glu-supplemented diet-fed birds. The splenic expression of inflammatory response-related genes in birds fed a diet supplemented with Gly at 10 g/kg diet was lower than that of birds fed the basal diet in experiment 3. These results suggest that dietary Gly supplementation modulates the inflammatory response partly through changes in the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as IL-1, IL-6, IFN-gamma and TL1A.
Valid and reliable self-report measures of cancer screening behaviors are important for evaluating efforts to improve adherence to guidelines. We evaluated test-retest reliability and validity of self-report of the fecal occult blood test (FOBT), sigmoidoscopy (SIG), colonoscopy (COL), and barium enema (BE) using the National Cancer Institute colorectal cancer screening (CRCS) questionnaire. A secondary objective was to evaluate reliability and validity by mail, telephone, and face-to-face survey administration modes. Consenting men and women, 51 to 74 years old, receiving care at a multispecialty clinic for at least 5 years who had not been diagnosed with colorectal cancer were stratified by prior CRCS status and randomized to survey mode (n = 857). Within survey mode, respondents were randomized to complete a second survey at 2 weeks, 3 months, or 6 months. Comparing self-report with administrative and medical records, concordance estimates were 0.91 for COL, 0.85 for FOBT, 0.85 for SIG, and 0.92 for BE. Overall sensitivity estimates were 0.91 for COL, 0.82 for FOBT, 0.76 for SIG, and 0.56 for BE. Specificity estimates were 0.91 for COL, 0.86 for FOBT, 0.89 for SIG, and 0.97 for BE. Sensitivity and specificity varied little by survey mode for any test. Report-to-records ratio showed overreporting for SIG (1.1), COL (1.15), and FOBT (1.57), and underreporting for BE (0.82). Reliability at all time intervals was highest for COL; there was no consistent pattern according to survey mode. This study provides evidence to support the use of the National Cancer Institute CRCS questionnaire to assess self-report with any of the three survey modes.
In marginally nourished children, information is scarce regarding the circulating concentrations of carotenoids and tocopherols, and physiological factors influencing their circulating levels. We determined the serum concentrations of carotenoids, tocopherols and retinol at steady state and in response to a 9-week vegetable diet intervention in 9-12-year-old girls (n=54) and boys (n=65) in rural Philippines. We determined cross-sectional relationships of BMI (body mass index) with serum micronutrient levels, and whether BMI is a determinant of serum carotenoid responses to the ingestion of carotenoid-rich vegetables. We measured dietary nutrient intakes and assessed inflammation by measurement of serum C-reactive protein levels. The children had low serum concentrations of carotenoids, tocopherols and retinol as compared with published values for similar-aged children in the U.S.A. The low serum retinol levels can be ascribed to inadequate diets and were not the result of confounding due to inflammation. Significant inverse correlations of BMI and serum all-trans-beta-carotene, 13-cis-beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, lutein, zeaxanthin and alpha-tocopherol (but not beta-cryptoxanthin, lycopene and retinol) were observed among girls at baseline. The dietary intervention markedly enhanced the serum concentrations of all carotenoids. Changes in serum all-trans-beta-carotene and alpha-carotene (but not changes in lutein, zeaxanthin and beta-cryptoxanthin) in response to the dietary intervention were inversely associated with BMI in girls and boys. Thus, in Filipino school-aged children, BMI is inversely related to the steady-state serum concentrations of certain carotenoids and vitamin E, but not vitamin A, and is a determinant of serum beta- and alpha-carotene responses, but not xanthophyll responses, to the ingestion of carotenoid-rich vegetable meals.
Venous (maternal) and cord blood (neonatal) samples of Omani women who had a daily supplement of Centrum Materna multivitamin and multimineral tablet throughout pregnancy were investigated at late preterm (n=37) and at term (n=37) delivery for erythrocyte indices, micromineral, antioxidant, and lipid values. Hemoglobin (Hb), hematocrit (HCT), mean cell volume (MCV), red cell distribution width (RDW), copper (Cu), zinc (Zn), ceruloplasmin, erythrocyte Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase (Cu-Zn SOD), cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) A-I and apo B were measured by appropriate analytical systems. Cu/zinc and Cu/ceruloplasmin ratios were calculated. The erythrocyte indices were normal in neonatal blood but showed borderline anemia in maternal blood of both groups. There were significantly decreased values of Cu (P=0.012), Zn (P=0.001), apo A-I (P=0.029), and Cu/ceruloplasmin ratio (P=0.032) in late preterm compared to term mothers. Significantly decreased values of Cu (P=0.003), ceruloplasmin (P<0.0001), apo A-I (P=0.024), and Cu/Zn ratio (P=007) were observed in late preterm relative to term neonates. Late preterm mothers were significantly younger (P=0.027) than term mothers. Maternal age correlated positively with apo A-I (r=0.424, P=0.012) and negatively with Cu/Zn ratio (r=-0.353, P=0.040). The findings suggest that with daily dietary Centrum Materna supplementation throughout pregnancy, hematological indices were maintained within normal in mothers and neonates, but the levels of microminerals and micromineral ratios were subnormal in late preterm mothers and their neonates.
BACKGROUND: Although blood utilization has been under considerable scrutiny for the past two decades, particularly for surgery, studies comparing perioperative blood transfusion practices between countries are rare, and the evolution of international standards remains unknown. Therefore, the objective of this evaluation was to compare the perioperative transfusion of blood components in cardiac surgery in multiple centers in different countries. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Transfusion practice was investigated prospectively in 70 centers among 16 countries. A total of 5065 randomly selected cardiac surgery patients of the Multicenter Study of Perioperative Ischemia Epidemiology II (EPI II) Study were evaluated. Utilization of red blood cells (RBCs), fresh-frozen plasma (FFP), and platelets (PLTs) was assessed daily, before, during, and after surgery until hospital discharge. RESULTS: Intraoperative RBC transfusion varied from 9 to 100 percent among the 16 countries, and 25 to 87 percent postoperatively (percentage of transfused patients). Similarly, frequency of transfusion of FFP varied from 0 to 98 percent intraoperatively and 3 to 95 percent postoperatively, and PLT transfusion from 0 to 51 and 0 to 39 percent, respectively. Moreover, there were not only marked differences in transfusion rates between centers in different countries but also in interinstitutional comparison of multiple centers within countries. CONCLUSION: In cardiac surgical patients, marked variability in transfusion practice exists between centers in various countries and suggests differences in perioperative practice patterns as well as possible inappropriate use. International standardization of perioperative practice patterns as well as transfusion regimes appears necessary. 
Accurate assessment of fat intake is essential to examine the relationships between diet and disease risk but the process of estimating individual intakes of fat quality by dietary assessment is difficult. Tissue and blood fatty acids, because they are mainly derived from the diet, have been used as biomarkers of dietary intake for a number of years. We review evidence from a wide variety of cross-sectional and intervention studies and summarise typical values for fatty acid composition in adipose tissue and blood lipids and changes that can be expected in response to varying dietary intake. Studies in which dietary intake was strictly controlled confirm that fatty acid biomarkers can complement dietary assessment methodologies and have the potential to be used more quantitatively. Factors affecting adipose tissue and blood lipid composition are discussed, such as the physical properties of triacylglycerol, total dietary fat intake and endogenous fatty acid synthesis. The relationship between plasma lipoprotein concentrations and total plasma fatty acid composition, and the use of fatty acid ratios as indices of enzyme activity are also addressed.
This study was conducted to explore the exposure potential of Chinese residents to PBBs, PBDEs, and PCBs in e-waste disassembly sites in Zhejiang province. The contents of 23 PBB congeners, 12 PBDE congeners, and 27 PCB congeners in hair and in their potential sources, including soil and e-waste, were measured via GC-MS. The levels of PHAHs in the three subfamilies (i.e., the PBBs, PBDEs, and PCBs) were all considerably higher (P<0.05) in hair samples collected from the disassembly sites than from the control site. The highest levels of PBBs (57.77 ng g(-1) dw), PBDEs (29.64 ng g(-1) dw), and PCBs (181.99 ng g(-1) dw) in hair were all found in those from the disassembly site Xinqiu, which are respectively 2, 2, and 10 times more than those observed in hair from the control site Yandang. Among the three subfamilies of PHAHs, PCBs were the most predominant pollutants detected. PBBs, which have very limited information available in China, can be detected at a comparable level with PBDEs in these samples in the study. Therefore, these observations suggested that more attention should be given over the potential for environmental or occupational exposure to PHAHs present in e-waste. By and large, the PHAH levels measured in the hair samples were consistent with those detected in the soil. Hair analysis could thus be a valid screening tool for assessing human PHAHs exposure in and around e-waste disassembly sites.
We examined the serum lipid adjusted levels of 2,3,7,8-substituted chlorinated dioxins and furans, and four coplanar PCBs for 98 workers. We found workers who worked only in the trichlorophenol units had mean lipid adjusted 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels of 36.8 ppt significantly higher (p<0.05) than 6.0 ppt in the reference group. Workers who worked only in the pentachlorophenol units had mean lipid adjusted levels for 123478-HxCDD of 14.8 ppt, 123678-HxCDD of 156.4 ppt,123789-HxCDD of 23.7 ppt, 1234678-HpCDD of 234.6 ppt, and OCDD of 2,778.2 ppt significantly higher (p<0.05) than the reference group levels for the same congeners of 7.5, 71.8, 8.0, 67.5, and 483.2 ppt, respectively. While we did find 12378-PeCDD levels higher than the reference group in trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol workers, the differences are small, and could be attributed to normal variation. All furan levels among the trichlorophenol or pentachlorophenol only workers were not significantly different than the reference group. Workers with both trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol exposures had mean dioxin levels consistent with complex chlorophenol exposures. Tradesmen who worked throughout the plant had congener profiles consistent with both trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol exposures. PCB 169, 23478-PeCDF, 123478-HxCDF, and 123678-HxCDF levels were also significantly greater (p<0.05) in these tradesmen than in the reference group. We found distinct patterns of dioxin congeners many years after exposure among workers with different chlorophenol exposures. We were effectively able to distinguish past trichlorophenol exposures from pentachlorophenol exposures based on differing serum dioxin profiles among workers.
BACKGROUND: A number of studies have shown that self-reported alcohol intake is positively associated with total serum immunoglobin E (IgE) levels. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the association of self-reported alcohol consumption and different biomarkers of alcohol exposure to total serum IgE levels in a general adult population. METHODS: A total of 3,443 subjects aged 20 to 79 years from the population-based cross-sectional Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP) were included in the analyses. Information on alcohol consumption and serum carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), aspartate-amino transferase (ASAT), andalanine-amino transferase (ALAT) levels were measured. Multivariable linear regression models were performed separately in atopic and nonatopic subjects. RESULTS: In nonatopic subjects positive associations between self-reported alcohol consumption as well as all considered biomarkers of alcohol exposure and total serum IgE levels were found. Further the results also suggested positive associations between alcohol consumption as well as alcohol biomarkers and total serum IgE level in atopic subjects, even though not all tests for linear trend reached statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, biomarkers of alcohol exposure were positively associated with total serum IgE levels supporting that the positive association between self-reported alcohol intake and IgE levels observed in previous studies is real and not due to misclassification of alcohol intake or confounding by other factors that may be linked to both alcohol intake and total serum IgE levels. 
BACKGROUND: For many polyphenolic compounds found in plant-derived food, biological effects possibly relevant for cancer prevention have been shown. Since dietary intake estimates suffer from imprecision, the measurement of these compounds (or metabolites of) in biological specimens collected in epidemiological studies is expected to improve accuracy of exposure estimation. AIM OF THE STUDY: The current use of biomarkers in etiologic studies on polyphenolics and cancer risk is evaluated. In addition, available analytical methods are discussed with respect to the requirements for their integration in epidemiological studies, putting specific emphasis on the epidemiological validation of such markers. METHODS: The scientific literature was screened for epidemiologic studies on the relationship of flavonoid and phenolic acid concentrations in human specimens (i.e. blood, urine) and cancer risk. In addition, original data on intra- and inter-subject variability of several flavonoids and phenolic acids are presented. RESULTS: Although several techniques are used in bioavailability or short-term intervention studies, their integration in epidemiological studies is very limited. An exception are phytoestrogens where validated immunoassays allow the rapid measurement of large sample numbers with small sample volume. For several polyphenols, the data on the epidemiologic validity encourages for their use in epidemiological studies. CONCLUSIONS: There are valid possibilities for additional biomarkers of flavonoid and phenolic acid intake that are best applied in prospective studies with more than one biological sample per subject. Currently, a combination of a single biomarker measurement with long-term dietary intake estimates will probably be the most valuable choice to decrease measurement error in exposure data. 
To evaluate human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), we developed a rapid, simple and sensitive method for determining 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide (1-OHP-G) in human urine. To improve precision, a deuterated glucuronide was used as an internal standard. The method requires only 1 mL of urine. The urine was treated with a mixed-mode anion-exchange and reversed-phase solid-phase extraction cartridge (Oasis MAX). The analytes were analyzed with a C(18) reversed-phase column with a gradient elution, followed by tandem mass spectrometry with electrospray ionization in negative ion mode. The detection limit of 1-OHP-G (corresponding to a signal-to-noise ratio of 3) was 0.13 fmol/injection. Urinary concentrations of 1-OHP-G determined by this method were strongly correlated (r(2)=0.961) with concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene by conventional HPLC with fluorescence detection.
The genetic variation of plasma IGF-I in crossbred ewe lambs postweaning was evaluated together with its potential use as a physiological marker for selection in meat sheep. Genetic variation for IGF-I was analyzed among 1,246 young crossbred ewes that were the progeny of 30 sires from various maternal breeds and Merino dams. The estimate of heritability of IGF-I was 0.28 +/- 0.10, with sire breed not being significant. Genetic correlations were estimated between IGF-I and performance traits of the ewes, including feed intake, growth, body composition, wool, and reproduction over 3 matings. Although the genetic correlations had high standard errors because of the limited size of the data set, the correlation between IGF-I and grazing feed intake of the mature ewes at maintenance was positive (0.32 +/- 0.31). The genetic correlations of IGF-I with other traits ranged from positive and low to moderate for growth (0.05 to 0.36), positive for ultrasound eye muscle depth (0.15), and negative for ultrasound fat depth (-0.12) in the mature ewes, and close to zero for the wool traits. The genetic correlation between IGF-I and the average number of lambs born per ewe mated was negative (-0.18), whereas that for the average number of lambs weaned per ewe mated was positive (0.10). The parameters indicated that genetic variation exists for IGF-I in sheep, and selection for low IGF-I in young ewes may result in some reduction in feed intake and improvement in maintenance efficiency of mature ewes under grazing, with little impact on other production traits. However, the genetic correlations had high standard errors, and more precise estimates of these parameters are required for genetic evaluation and to predict with confidence the outcome of breeding programs.
BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence supports n-3 fatty acid (FA) supplementation for patients with psychiatric disorders, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. However, the exact metabolic fate of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) on different glyceride carriers remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether conjugation of EPA and DHA to phospholipid (PL-n-3) or to triacylglycerol (fish oil; FO) affects their incorporation in blood compartments and influences executive functioning. DESIGN: Children aged 8-13 y with impaired visual sustained attention performance received placebo, 250 mg/d EPA + DHA esterified to PL-n-3 (300 mg/d phosphatidylserine), or FO for 3 mo in a randomized double-blind manner. Main outcome measures included plasma and erythrocyte FA profile and continuous performance test results (Test of Variables of Attention; TOVA). RESULTS: Sixty of the 83 children enrolled completed the interventions (n = 18-21 per group). There was an enrichment of EPA (1.5-2.2-fold), docosapentaenoic acid (DPA; 1.2-fold), and DHA (1.3-fold) in the PL fraction in the plasma of FO- and PL-n-3-fed children. In erythrocytes, only PL-n-3 resulted in a significant reduction (approximately 30%) of very-long-chain saturated FAs (C20-24) and in an increase (1.2- and 2.2-fold, respectively) in linoleic acid and DPA. Total TOVA scores increased in the PL-n-3 (mean +/- SD: 3.35 +/- 1.86) and FO (1.72 +/- 1.67) groups but not in the placebo group (-0.42 +/- 2.51) (PL-n-3 > FO > placebo; P < 0.001). A significant correlation between the alterations in FAs and increased TOVA scores mainly occurred in the PL-n-3 group. CONCLUSION: Consumption of EPA+DHA esterified to different carriers had different effects on the incorporation of these FAs in blood fractions and on the visual sustained attention performance in children. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00382616. 
OBJECTIVE: To detect the association of diet and lifestyle with blood pressure in the Guangxi Hei Yi Zhuang and Han populations. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study of hypertension. SETTING: Both populations were from seven to nine villages in Napo County, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China. SUBJECTS: A total of 1068 subjects of Hei Yi Zhuang and 933 participants of Han Chinese aged 20-89 years were surveyed by a stratified randomised cluster sampling. RESULTS: The levels of systolic blood pressure and pulse pressure were higher in Hei Yi Zhuang than in Han (125.20 (sd 18.62) v. 121.88 (sd 15.99) mmHg and 48.64 (sd 14.75) v. 44.98 (sd 11.12 ) mmHg, P < 0.001 for each, respectively). The prevalence of hypertension and isolated systolic hypertension was also higher in Hei Yi Zhuang than in Han (25.19 % v. 17.26 % and 12.45 % v. 3.86 %, P < 0.001 for each, respectively). Mean arterial pressure was positively correlated with gender, age, physical activity, TAG, alcohol consumption, cigarette smoking, total energy, total fat and salt intakes, and negatively associated with education level and total dietary fibre intake in Hei Yi Zhuang (P < 0.05-0.001), whereas it was positively associated with gender, age, physical activity, BMI, waist circumference, total cholesterol, alcohol consumption, cigarette smoking, total energy, total fat and salt intakes, and negatively associated with education level and total dietary fibre intake in Han (P < 0.05-0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The differences in blood pressure levels and the prevalence of hypertension between the Hei Yi Zhuang and Han populations were associated with different dietary habits, lifestyle choices, education level, as well as geographical surroundings. 
The aim of our study was to evaluate whether specifically designed urine collection pads give reliable results for routine and metabolic biochemistry tests in paediatric urine. Urine collected by bag or clean-catch from infants and children <2 yrs without metabolic disorders was divided into two aliquots, one of which was added to a collection pad, incubated for 15 min at 37 degrees C (simulating in vivo collection conditions), then recovered by aspiration. Urine from adults with phaeochromocytoma and aqueous solutions of catecholamines were similarly treated. Routine, catecholamine, and metabolic analyses were performed on pad/non-pad aliquots. Selected metabolic analyses were also performed on pad/non-pad urine from patients with diagnosed inborn errors and urine containing added metabolites to simulate metabolic disorders. Routine tests (urea, electrolytes, creatinine, osmolality, calcium:creatinine, phosphate:creatinine, magnesium:creatinine, urate:creatinine [n = 32], oxalate:creatinine [n = 10]), and catecholamines (n = 12) showed good or acceptable concordance with no clinically significant pad/non-pad differences. Metabolic tests in infants and children without metabolic disorders all showed good pad/non-pad concordance for amino acids (n = 10), organic acids (n = 12), and glycosaminoglycans (n = 8). In patients with metabolic disorders (phenylketonuria [n = 1], homozygous/heterozygous cystinuria [n = 3], mucopolysaccharidoses II [n = 2] and III [n = 1], organic acid disorders [n = 6]) and urine containing added orotic acid to simulate urea cycle disorders, there was also good pad/non-pad concordance for diagnostic urinary metabolites. No extraneous organic acids were eluted from the pads. Sugar chromatography showed identical staining intensity in pad/non-pad samples. In conclusion, urine collection pads give reliable results for a wide range of routine and metabolic biochemistry tests in urine from paediatric patients.
BACKGROUND: Since fetal exposure to anti-androgenic and/or estrogenic compounds has adverse effect on animal reproduction, such exposure could be harmful to human fetus. Data are scarce on cryptorchidism and human exposure to endocrine disruptors. METHODS: We performed a prospective case-control study to assess the incidence of cryptorchidism and fetal exposure to selected chemicals in the Nice area. One hundred and fifty-one cord bloods (67 cryptorchid, 84 tightly matched controls) and 125 colostrums (56 for cryptorchid and 69 for controls) were screened for xenobiotics, including anti-androgenic dichloro-diphenyl-trichloro-ethylene (DDE), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and dibutylphthalate (and metabolite monobutylphthalate, mBP). RESULTS: Median concentrations in colostrum were higher, although not statistically significantly, in cryptorchid versus controls. Cryptorchid boys were more likely to be classified in the most contaminated groups in colostrum for DDE, Sigma PCBs and the composite score PCB + DDE. The same trend, but again not statistically significantly was observed for mBP. Odds ratio for cryptorchidism was increased for the highest score of Sigma PCB, with a trend only for DDE and Sigma PCB + DDE versus the lowest score of those components. CONCLUSIONS: Our results support an association between congenital cryptorchidism and fetal exposure to PCBs and possibly DDE. Higher concentrations in milk could be a marker of higher exposure or for an impaired detoxification pattern in genetically predisposed individuals. 
AIM: This emergency department (ED) study compared the value of plasma ethyl glucuronide (EtG) testing with the information about alcohol consumption obtained using the standard alcohol biomarkers gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) and carbohydrate-deficient transferring (CDT) and the AUDIT questionnaire. METHODS: Minimally injured and clinically non-intoxicated male patients (n = 81) admitted to an ED were screened regarding their alcohol consumption, using the computerized AUDIT questionnaire and a paper-and-pencil assessment including the type, amount and time of alcohol intake. Blood samples were collected for determination of ethanol, EtG (LC-MS) and GGT in plasma and %CDT in serum (Axis-Shield %CDT immunoassay). RESULTS: Out of the 81 patients, 23 (28%) were positive (>/=8 points) on the AUDIT questionnaire. Only 3 (4%) showed a detectable ethanol concentration (range 0.01-0.07 g/L) but 31 (38%) showed a detectable EtG (0.16-39.5 mg/L). In four patients, EtG was detectable in plasma for >48 h after estimated completed elimination of ethanol. EtG was not correlated with the long-term biomarkers %CDT or GGT, or the AUDIT results, but with the time since estimated completed ethanol elimination. CONCLUSION: EtG testing in blood was found useful in the ED as a way to detect recent drinking, even in cases of a negative ethanol test, and to confirm abstinence from alcohol. This sensitive and specific short-term biomarker provides valuable additional information about individual drinking habits and might also be helpful to identify an alcohol hangover. 
The aim of this study is to validate the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Vaginal Symptoms (ICIQ-VS) in Portuguese. Two hundred four women (108 symptomatic, 94 asymptomatic, and two with no data) with mean age of 55.4 years received a Portuguese version of the ICIQ-VS. Clinical data and pelvic organ prolapse quantification index (POP-Q) were obtained. Retest was performed 3 weeks later. Responsiveness was assessed after 20 weeks of postsurgical follow-up. Overall, most patients presented POP-Q > 2. ICIQ-VS demonstrated good psychometric properties (validity, reliability and responsiveness). The test-retest reliability was moderate to excellent for all questions. The construct validation distinguished differences in ICIQ-VS scores between symptomatic (ICIQ-VS5a > 0) and asymptomatic (ICIQ-VS5a = 0) women. ICIQ-VS was highly responsive to surgical treatment and discriminated between levels of change in the vaginal symptoms score, sexual matters score, quality-of-life score, and POP-Q. The Portuguese version of ICIQ-VS was successfully validated.
Environmental stressors impact physiology and behavior in many species of animals. These effects are partly mediated through changing concentrations of glucocorticoids, which also vary with reproductive state and social conditions. Prior research has focused largely on seasonal breeders, but the close temporal linkage between season and reproductive state in these species hinders ability to disentangle environmental effects from those of the animal's reproductive status. Here we assessed the effects of environmental challenges on the fecal glucocorticoid (fGC) levels of non-seasonal breeders, female baboons (Papio cynocephalus) of Amboseli, Kenya. Amboseli is characterized by a long dry season, during which food and water become scarce, and by extreme temperatures above 40 degrees C in the shade during some months of the year. We found that after accounting for female reproductive status and individual variability, females exhibited higher fGC levels during the dry season than during the wet season. Further, during the wet season, fGC levels were higher in months of high average daily maximum temperatures. During the dry season, fGC levels were elevated both in hotter months and in months during which the baboons spent a relatively high proportion of time feeding. In spite of these stressors, female baboons reproduce during all months of the year in Amboseli, unlike most other mammals in this environment. This may be attributable to their extreme adaptability, specifically their diversified diet, and their ability to modify their behavior, including their activity profiles.
Wildland firefighters are exposed to particulate matter and gases containing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), many of which are known carcinogens. Our objective was to evaluate the extent of firefighter exposure to particulate and PAHs during prescribed pile burns of mainly ponderosa pine slash and determine whether these exposures were correlated with changes in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP), a PAH metabolite. Personal and area sampling for particulate and PAH exposures were conducted on the White Mountain Apache Tribe reservation, working with 21 Bureau of Indian Affairs/Fort Apache Agency wildland firefighters during the fall of 2006. Urine samples were collected pre- and post-exposure and pulmonary function was measured. Personal PAH exposures were detectable for only 3 of 16 PAHs analyzed: naphthalene, phenanthrene, and fluorene, all of which were identified only in vapor-phase samples. Condensed-phase PAHs were detected in PM2.5 area samples (20 of 21 PAHs analyzed were detected, all but naphthalene) at concentrations below 1 microg m(-3). The total PAH/PM2.5 mass fractions were roughly a factor of two higher during smoldering (1.06 +/- 0.15) than ignition (0.55 +/- 0.04 microg mg(-1)). There were no significant changes in urinary 1-HP or pulmonary function following exposure to pile burning. In summary, PAH exposures were low in pile burns, and urinary testing for a PAH metabolite failed to show a significant difference between baseline and post-exposure measurements.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the risk of bladder cancer in dogs from exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products and determine whether dogs could serve as sentinels for human bladder cancer associated with such exposures. DESIGN: Case-control study. ANIMALS: 100 dogs with cancer of the urinary bladder and 100 control dogs. PROCEDURES: Case and control dogs were frequency-matched by age (within 2 years) and sex. Owners of dogs enrolled provided verbal informed consent and were interviewed by telephone. The telephone questionnaire included a complete residence history for each dog. Each dog's total exposure history to trihalomethanes was reconstructed from its residence history and corresponding drinking water utility company data. RESULTS: No association was detected between increasing years of exposure to chlorinated drinking water and risk of bladder cancer. Dogs with bladder cancer were exposed to higher total trihalomethanes concentrations than control dogs; however, the difference was not significant. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Although humans and their dogs live in the same household, the activity patterns of dogs may lead to lower exposures to household tap water. Thus, although exposure to disinfection by-products in tap water may be a risk factor for human bladder cancer, this may not be true for canine bladder cancer at the concentrations at which dogs are exposed. 
OBJECTIVE: Systemic inflammation may play an important role in the development of atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, and some cancers. Few studies have comprehensively assessed the direct relations between dietary fiber and inflammatory cytokines, especially in minority populations. Using baseline data from 1958 postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study, we examined cross-sectional associations between dietary fiber intake and markers of systemic inflammation (including serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [hs-CRP], interleukin-6 [IL-6], and tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor-2 [TNF-alpha-R2]) in addition to differences in these associations by ethnicity. METHODS: Multiple linear regression models were used to assess the relation between fiber intake and makers of systemic inflammation. RESULTS: After adjustment for covariates, intakes of dietary fiber were inversely associated with IL-6 (P values for trend were 0.01 for total fiber, 0.004 for soluble fiber, and 0.001 for insoluble fiber) and TNF-alpha-R2 (P values for trend were 0.002 for total, 0.02 for soluble, and <0.001 for insoluble fibers). Although the samples were small in minority Americans, results were generally consistent with those found among European Americans. We did not observe any significant association between intake of dietary fiber and hs-CRP. CONCLUSION: These findings lend support to the hypothesis that a high-fiber diet is associated with lower plasma levels of IL-6 and TNF-alpha-R2. Contrary to previous reports, however, there was no association between fiber and hs-CRP among postmenopausal women. Future studies on the influence of diet on inflammation should include IL-6 and TNF-alpha-R2 and enroll participants from ethnic minorities. 
Adult rats submitted to perinatal salt overload presented renin-angiotensin system (RAS) functional disturbances. The RAS contributes to the renal development and renal damage in a 5/6 nephrectomy model. The aim of the present study was to analyze the renal structure and function of offspring from dams that received a high-salt intake during pregnancy and lactation. We also evaluated the influence of the prenatal high-salt intake on the evolution of 5/6 nephrectomy in adult rats. A total of 111 sixty-day-old rat pups from dams that received saline or water during pregnancy and lactation were submitted to 5/6 nephrectomy (nephrectomized) or to a sham operation (sham). The animals were killed 120 days after surgery, and the kidneys were removed for immunohistochemical and histological analysis. Systolic blood pressure (SBP), albuminuria, and glomerular filtration rate (GFR) were evaluated. Increased SBP, albuminuria, and decreased GFR were observed in the rats from dams submitted to high-sodium intake before surgery. However, there was no difference in these parameters between the groups after the 5/6 nephrectomy. The scores for tubulointerstitial lesions and glomerulosclerosis were higher in the rats from the sham saline group compared to the same age control rats, but there was no difference in the histological findings between the groups of nephrectomized rats. In conclusion, our data showed that the high-salt intake during pregnancy and lactation in rats leads to structural changes in the kidney of adult offspring. However, the progression of the renal lesions after 5/6 nephrectomy was similar in both groups.
The application of reversed-phase ultra-performance liquid chromatography, based on the use of sub 2 microm particles, combined with time-of-flight mass spectrometry has been investigated for the production of global metabolite profiles from human urine. The stability and repeatability of the methodology, which employed gradient elution, was determined by the repeat analysis of a pooled quality control (QC) sample. As seen in previous studies conducted with conventional LC-MS an element of system conditioning was required to obtain reproducible data, as the initial injections were unrepresentative. However, once the system had equilibrated excellent repeatability in terms of retention time, signal intensity and mass accuracy was seen providing confidence that for this matrix, the within-day repeatability of UPLC-TOF-MS was sufficient to assure data quality in global metabolic profiling applications.
The objectives of this study were to evaluate the diagnostic value of 99mTc-HMPAO labelled white blood cell scintigraphy (WBCS) in patients with suspected osteomyelitis using late images and to study interobserver reproducibility. This study prospectively included 120 patients, and after a follow-up of one year, only 70 patients (n = 49 with implants, n = 21 without implants) were selected. The final diagnosis of infection was based either on microbiological data (n = 54) or follow-up (n = 16). We performed WBCS with 4 h and 24 h scans. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, negative predictive value, and accuracy were 77%, 72%, 83%, 64%, and 75% at 4 h, and 74%, 87%, 91%, 59%, and 79% at 24 h, respectively. The interobserver reproducibility shows a 63% prevalence of agreement between results (kappa = 0.5) at 4 h and 80% (kappa = 0.74) at 24 h, respectively. WBCS with 24-h images improves specificity and interobserver reproducibility in patients with suspected osteoarticular sepsis.
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether interindividual heterogeneity in the erythrocyte (red blood cell [RBC]) transmembrane glucose gradient might explain discordances between A1C and glycemic control based on measured fructosamine. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We modeled the relationship between plasma glucose and RBC glucose as the concentration distribution (C(i)-to-C(o) ratio) of a nonmetabolizable glucose analog (14)C-3-O-methyl glucose ((14)C-3OMG) inside (C(i)) and outside (C(o)) RBCs in vitro. We examined the relationship between that distribution and the degree of glycation of hemoglobin in comparison with glycation of serum proteins (fructosamine), the glycation gap. A1C, fructosamine, and in vitro determination of the (14)C-3OMG distribution in glucose-depleted RBCs were measured in 26 fasted subjects. RESULTS: The C(i)-to-C(o) ratio 0.89 +/- 0.07 for 3-O-methyl-d-glucopyranose (3OMG) ranged widely (0.72-1.04, n = 26). In contrast, urea C(i)-to-C(o) (1.015 +/- 0.022 [range 0.98-1.07], P < 0.0001) did not. Concerning mechanism, in a representative subset of subjects, the C(i)-to-C(o) ratio was retained in RBC ghosts, was not dependent on ATP or external cations, and was reestablished after reversal of the glucose gradient. The 3OMG C(i)-to-C(o) ratio was not correlated with serum fructosamine, suggesting that it was independent of mean plasma glucose. However, C(i)-to-C(o) did correlate with A1C (R(2) = 0.19) and with the glycation gap (R(2) = 0.20), consistent with a model in which differences in internal glucose concentration at a given mean plasma glucose contribute to differences in A1C for given level of glycemic control. CONCLUSIONS: The data demonstrate interindividual heterogeneity in glucose gradients across RBC membranes that may affect hemoglobin glycation and have implications for diabetes complications risk and risk assessment. 
OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to investigate associations between dietary factors and high molecular weight (HMW) as well as total adiponectin in a sample of apparently healthy adult Mediterranean women. DESIGN AND METHODS: Two hundred and twenty women were enrolled in this study. Anthropometric and body composition measurements were performed in all subjects. Fasting blood samples were taken; HMW and total adiponectin concentrations were measured. Food intake was evaluated using 3-day food records. The frequency of consumption of several food groups was approximately quantified in terms of number of servings per day. Furthermore, dietary intakes of betaine, choline, and free choline were estimated. RESULTS: Women in the highest HMW adiponectin tertile had higher fruit intake compared with those with lower levels, after adjusting for potential confounders (P=0.04). On the contrary, dietary betaine and choline intakes were not different among HMW adiponectin tertiles. In linear models, fruit consumption, controlling for biological and lifestyle variables, was significantly related to HMW adiponectin (partial r=0.15, P=0.04), but the association with total adiponectin did not reach statistical significance (partial r=0.11, P=0.12). A significant negative correlation between total adiponectin and refined cereals was also observed (partial r=-0.16, P=0.03). DISCUSSION: This is the first study that evaluates associations between dietary factors and HMW adiponectin levels. The associations found are moderate and indicate that, after multivariate adjustment, fruit consumption is related to HMW adiponectin in both linear and nonlinear models. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) have been used as flame retardants in foams, fabrics and plastics, and are common contaminants of household air and dust and bioaccumulate in wildlife, and are detectable in human tissues and in fish and animal food products. In the Great Lakes Basin sport fish consumption has been demonstrated to be an important source of PCB and DDE exposure. PBDEs are present in the same sport fish but prior to our study the contribution to human PBDE body burdens from Great Lakes sport fish consumption had not been investigated. This study was designed to assess PBDE, PCB and 1,1-bis(4-chlorophenyl)-2,2-dichloroethene (DDE) serum concentrations in an existing cohort of 508 frequent and infrequent consumers of sport-caught fish living in five Great Lake states. BDE congeners 47 and 99 were identified in the majority of blood samples, 98% and 62% respectively. summation operatorPBDE levels were positively associated with age, hours spent outdoors, DDE, summation operatorPCB, years of sportfish consumption, and catfish and shellfish intake, and negatively associated with income and recent weight loss. Other dietary components collected were not predictive of measured summation operatorPBDE levels. In multivariate models, summation operatorPBDE levels were positively associated with age, years consuming sport fish, shellfish meals, and computer use and negatively associated with recent weight loss. Having summation operatorPBDE levels in the highest quintile was independently associated with older age, male gender, consumption of catfish and shellfish, computer use and spending less time indoors. summation operatorPCB and DDE were strongly associated suggesting common exposure routes. The association between summation operatorPBDE and summation operatorPCB or DDE was much weaker and modeling suggested more diverse PBDE sources with few identified multi-contaminant-shared exposure routes. In our cohort Great Lakes sport fish consumption does not contribute strongly to PBDE exposure.
Phthalate esters (PEs), a group of environmental chemicals, affect biological systems via endocrine and lipid metabolism modulations. These effects are believed to be mediated in part by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs). Evaluations of PE activities as ligands toward PPARs have been investigated in many studies on their primary metabolites, monoesters. However, the activities of various other metabolites, including oxidized derivatives, remain to be determined. Here, we have evaluated the PPAR ligand activities of these PE derivatives by in vitro coactivator recruiting assay. Mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate, the most abundant metabolite of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP), was less active than mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP) as a PPAR ligand. Other derivatives oxidized at the alkyl group and benzene ring of DEHP, MEHP, dibutyl phthalate and its monoester were also investigated and some affected PPAR activities. Unexpectedly, MEHP as well as its further oxidized metabolite did not show clear activity for PPARalpha, although MEHP is believed to interact with PPARalpha. This might imply indirect PPAR-mediated mechanisms that lead to observed biological effects such as peroxisome proliferation.
The levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from Beijing, China, were studied. The 6 predominant PBDEs congeners (BDE47, BDE99, BDE100, BDE153, BDE154 and BDE183) in 23 pooled breast milk samples from 205 mothers living in Beijing were measured. Mean and median of SigmaPBDEs concentrations in all samples were 1.12 ng g(-1) lipid and 1.07 ng g(-1) lipid, respectively. The Statistical difference in SigmaPBDEs concentrations was found between urban areas (1.22 ng g(-1) lipid, n=14) and rural areas (0.97 ng g(-1) lipid n=9). The sum of BDE47 and BDE153 accounted for more than 70% of SigmaPBDEs in most samples. The significant correlation was found between the SigmaPBDEs in pooled samples and average of consumption of food of animal origin in the pools in urban area. However, there was no correlation was found between the SigmaPBDEs in pooled samples and average of consumption of food of animal origin in the pools in rural area of Beijing. The current study showed that the level of PBDEs in breast milk from Beijing was lower than that from South China and some developed countries such as USA and Sweden.
BACKGROUND: We investigated whether several different inflammatory markers including C-reactive protein (CRP) and fibrinogen and white blood cells (WBCs) count, are associated with maximal oxygen consumption (VO(2 max)) in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: In PCOS women (n = 124, 24.1 +/- 4.5 year-old) VO(2 max) was measured during symptom-limited cardiopulmonary exercise test. Abdominal fat distribution was determined by ultrasound. Physical activity level was assessed by a standardized questionnaire. CRP was measured by immunoassays, fibrinogen by the Clauss method, and WBCs count with a Coulter counter. RESULTS: Pearson's analysis showed a significant correlation between VO(2 max) and logCRP (r = -0.437, P < 0.001), fibrinogen (r = -0.479, P < 0.001), and WBCs count (r = -0.438, P < 0.001). Multivariable logistic regression model showed that age (beta = -0.127, P = 0.005), AUC(INS )(beta = -0.335, P < 0.001), HDL-C (beta = 0.390, P < 0.001), physical activity score (beta = 0.238, P = 0.002), visceral fat (beta =-0.184), P = 0.023), FAI (beta = -0.291, P = 0.028); CRP (beta = -0.216, P = 0.011), fibrinogen (beta = -0.113, P = 0.008) and WBCs count (beta = -0.177, P < 0.001) were significantly associated with VO(2 max). CONCLUSIONS: Acute-phase reactants, such as CRP and fibrinogen, and WBCs count were independently and inversely associated with a direct measure of cardiorespiratory fitness (VO(2 max)) in women with PCOS, even after adjustment for physical activity level and other potential confounding factors. These findings add to the growing body of evidence linking inflammation to cardiorespiratory fitness in PCOS women. 
Forty years have passed since the accidental poisoning with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in Japan in 1968, named Yusho. High concentrations of PCB are still detected in the serum of the Yusho victims. PCB produces superoxide (O(2) (-)) in the metabolic process and we reported high concentrations of serum nitrite, a stable metabolite reflecting nitric oxide (NO), in the Yusho victims. NO reacts with O(2) (-) and immediately produces peroxynitrite (ONOO(-)). ONOO(-) causes nitration of tyrosine residues and produces nitrotyrosine (NT). Therefore, we measured urinary concentrations of nitrite and NT in the victims and age-matched controls. The mean urinary concentrations of nitrite and NT were significantly higher than in the controls. There was a positive correlation between urinary nitrite and NT in the Yusho victims. Furthermore, there was a positive correlation between the ratio of urinary NT to nitrite and serum PCB concentrations in the Yusho victims. It was considered that the emergence of some ailments could be presumed to have been caused by high levels of urinary nitrite and NT in the Yusho victims.
BACKGROUND: Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are ubiquitous industrial chemicals that persist in the environment and in human fatty tissue. PCBs are related to a class of compounds known as dioxins, specifically 2,3,7,8-TCDD (tetrachloro-dibenzodioxin), which has been implicated as a cause of altered sex ratio, especially in relation to paternal exposures. METHODS: In the 1960's, serum specimens were collected from pregnant women participating in the Child Health and Development Study in the San Francisco Bay Area. The women were interviewed and their serum samples stored at -20 degrees C. For this study, samples were thawed and a total of eleven PCBs were determined in 399 specimens. Secondary sex ratio, or sex ratio at birth, was evaluated as a function of maternal serum concentrations using log-binomial and logistic regression, controlling for hormonally active medications taken during pregnancy. RESULTS: The relative risk of a male birth decreased by 33% comparing women at the 90th percentile of total PCBs with women at the 10th percentile (RR = 0.67; 95% CI, 0.48-0.94; p = 0.02), or by approximately 7% for each 1 mug/L increase in total PCB concentration. Although some congener-specific associations with sex ratio were only marginally statistically significant, all nine PCB congeners with < 30% of samples below the LOQ showed the same direction of association, an improbable finding under the null hypothesis. CONCLUSION: Maternal exposure to PCBs may be detrimental to the success of male sperm or to the survival of male embryos. Findings could be due to contaminants, metabolites or PCBs themselves. 
OBJECTIVE: The objective was to grasp the recent body burden levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (DL-PCBs) and to investigate their determinants among general inhabitants in Japan. METHODS: This study was performed on 1374 participants aged 15-73 years, who were not occupational exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs and DL-PCBs, living widely in 75 different residential areas of 25 prefectures in Japan. Seven PCDDs, ten PCDFs, twelve DL-PCBs, which are assigned a toxicity equivalent factor, and biochemical factors were determined in fasting blood. A questionnaire survey on life-style was also performed. RESULTS: The median of total toxicity equivalent (TEQ) was 20pgTEQ/g lipid. The TEQs of PCDDs/PCDFs, DL-PCBs and total TEQ increased with age. The intake frequency of fish-and-shellfish was positively associated with the TEQ of DL-PCBs in both sexes. Current smoking was negatively related to the TEQ of DL-PCBs in male subjects but not in female subjects. Feeding status was significantly related to the TEQs of PCDDs/PCDFs, DL-PCBs and total TEQ, being lowest in breast feeding and highest in never and bottle feeding. According to the results of subgroup analysis, parity was not associated with the TEQs. CONCLUSIONS: The fish-and-shellfish consumption may contribute to the accumulation of DL-PCBs, and smoking may induce some biological action for the elimination of DL-PCBs from the human body. Breast feeding is considered to be one of the major excretory pathways of PCDDs/PCDFs and DL-PCBs in women, while parity may not largely contribute to the elimination of these pollutants. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate associations of dietary iron (total, haem, and non-haem), supplemental iron, and red meat with blood pressure. DESIGN: Cross sectional epidemiological study. SETTING: 17 population samples from Japan, China, the United Kingdom, and the United States participating in the international collaborative study on macro-/micronutrients and blood pressure (INTERMAP). PARTICIPANTS: 4680 adults aged 40-59. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Average of eight blood pressure readings. RESULTS: In multiple linear regression analyses dietary total iron and non-haem iron were consistently inversely associated with blood pressure. With adjustment for potential non-dietary and dietary confounders, dietary total iron intake higher by 4.20 mg/4.2 MJ (2 SD) was associated with -1.39 mm Hg (P<0.01) lower systolic blood pressure. Dietary non-haem iron intake higher by 4.13 mg/4.2 MJ (2 SD) was associated with -1.45 mm Hg (P<0.001) lower systolic blood pressure. Differences were smaller for diastolic blood pressure. In most models haem iron intake from food was positively, non-significantly associated with blood pressure. Iron intake from combined diet and supplements yielded smaller associations than dietary iron alone. Red meat intake was directly associated with blood pressure; 102.6 g/24 h (2 SD) higher intake was associated with 1.25 mm Hg higher systolic blood pressure. Associations between red meat and blood pressure persisted after adjustment for multiple confounders. CONCLUSION: Non-haem iron has a possible role in the prevention and control of adverse blood pressure levels. An unfavourable effect of red meat on blood pressure was observed. These results need confirmation including in prospective studies, clinical trials, and from experimental evidence on possible mechanisms. 
The mouse model of intraluminal suture middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAO) is still associated with several issues, such as variability of infarction volume and survival. Thus, the method is far from standardization. The effect of blood flow in the pterygopalatine artery (PPA) in the mouse MCAO model remains obscure. While producing mouse MCAO models using commercially available silicone-coated monofilaments, we temporarily occluded the common carotid artery (CCA) or PPA to determine whether cerebral blood flow (CBF) values, infarct size and the stability of the model would be affected. Forty male C57BL/6 mice were divided into 3 groups: MCAO with blocked CCA blood flow (MCAO-C; n=12), MCAO with blocked PPA blood flow (MCAO-P; n=16) and MCAO without either CCA or PPA blood flow blockage (MCAO-U; n=12). We found that the CBF values were significantly higher during occlusion in the MCAO-U than in the other two groups (p<0.001). We stained whole brains from each group at 24h after reperfusion with 2% 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium chloride. Although mean infarct volume did not obviously differ between the MCAO-U and other two groups, infarct volumes varied significantly more within the MCAO-U, than in the other two groups (p<0.05). We concluded that collateral circulation from the PPA to the brain significantly influences the MCAO model, and cannot be ignored. An approximately consistent mouse MCAO model can be generated using commercially available silicone-coated sutures while blocking PPA blood flow during occlusion.
In a split-litter design experiment, male piglets were exposed orally three times weekly to 300 mg/kg of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) or placebo between three and seven weeks of age. The effects on the reproductive organs were examined immediately after the exposure at seven weeks of age in one sub-group, and postpuberally at nine months of age in the other. Morphological features of testes were unaffected at either age group; there were no differences (p>0.05) between the treatments in number of Sertoli cells (as identified by immunostaining with GATA-4 antibodies), percent area of Leydig cells (as detected by 3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase histochemistry), or incidence of germinal epithelial lesions (histopathology of H&E-stained (hematoxylin and eosin) sections). Three of the seven DEHP-treated animals in seven-week-old group had bulbourethral glands at a stage of maturation far more advanced than that of controls. While there were no obvious differences in the cellular composition between the treatment groups in nine-month-old animals, the bulbourethral glands were heavier (p<0.05) in DEHP-treated boars. Collectively, these features indicate that adolescent exposure to DEHP induces precocious maturity of bulbourethral glands in pigs with persistent effects lasting into adulthood.
Paroxetine is characterized by large interindividual pharmacokinetic variability and heterogeneous response patterns. The present study investigates plasma concentration and therapeutic response to paroxetine for the influence of age, sex, and CYP2D6 and ABCB1 polymorphisms, the latter gene encoding for the permeability glycoprotein. Genotyping for CYP2D6 (alleles *3, *4, *5, *6, and *xN) and ABCB1 polymorphisms (61A>G, 2677G>T, and 3435C>T) was performed in 71 depressed patients who started 20 mg paroxetine per day and had plasma concentration measured after 2 weeks at a fixed dose. A dose increase to 30 mg per day was possible starting at week 2. For 63 patients, severity of depression (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale) was assessed at weeks 0, 2, and 4 and every 2 weeks thereafter until discontinuation. Persistent response was defined as 50% improvement from baseline score sustained from the first occurrence to study end point. Paroxetine concentration significantly differed between female and male patients (median, 28 versus 16 ng/mL; P = 0.001). Differences were not significant between CYP2D6 heterozygous and homozygous extensive metabolizers (median, 27 versus 22 ng/mL; P = 0.074) and between ABCB1 genotypes (P > 0.10). When considered in a multivariate model, CYP2D6 heterozygous extensive metabolizer phenotype (P = 0.062) and female gender (P = 0.001) predicted 1.3-fold and 1.6-fold higher paroxetine concentration, respectively, but fraction of explained variability was modest (21%). Frequency of persistent response at study end point did not significantly differ according to CYP2D6 heterozygous extensive metabolizer versus homozygous extensive metabolizer phenotype and ABCB1 polymorphisms in univariate analyses. After adjusting for age, sex, paroxetine concentration at week 2, and daily dose at study end point, ABCB1 genotype contributed to improving the model significantly for 61A>G (P = 0.043), but not 2677G>T (P = 0.068) and 3435C>T (P = 0.11). None of two poor metabolizers and four ultrarapid metabolizers showed persistent response to paroxetine. The hypothesis that permeability glycoprotein activity might be a relevant predictor of therapeutic response deserves to be further investigated while controlling for pharmacokinetic variability.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of liver fibrosis tests and its influencing factors in a meta-analysis with individual data. DESIGN AND METHODS: Four independent centers provided four blood tests and Metavir staging from 825 patients with chronic hepatitis C. RESULTS: FibroMeter AUROC (0.840) for significant fibrosis was superior to those of Fibrotest (0.803, p=0.049), APRI (0.789, p=0.001) and Hepascore (0.781, p<0.001). The misclassification rate was lower for FibroMeter (23%) than for Fibrotest and Hepascore (both 28%, p<0.001). The variation in the diagnostic cut-offs of tests among centers, reflecting the overall reproducibility, was: FibroMeter: 4.2%, APRI: 24.0%, Fibrotest: 24.2%, Hepascore: 35.0%. Accordingly, the proportion of patients diagnosed with significant fibrosis changed: FibroMeter: 0.8%, Hepascore: 2.4% (p=0.02 vs FibroMeter), Fibrotest: 5.8% (p<10(-3)), APRI: 18.2% (p<10(-3)). CONCLUSIONS: This study on clinical applicability shows significant differences in diagnostic accuracy, inter-center reproducibility, and robustness of biomarkers to changes in population characteristics between blood tests. 
AIMS: The purpose of this study was to adapt the IIQ-7 to suit the Egyptian culture and then to assess validity and reliability of the adapted and translated IIQ-7 and UDI-6. METHODS: IIQ-7 was modified to suit Egyptian culture. Linguistic validation of the two questionnaires was done. Initial test-retest reliability and internal consistency of adapted translated questionnaires were done in a pilot study. The final validity, test-retest reliability and internal consistency study included 204 women with urinary incontinence (UI). Participants completed the two questionnaires at enrollment and after 2 weeks. All participants underwent urodynamics. Baseline urodynamic diagnosis was compared with diagnoses made by questionnaires to assess validity. RESULTS: Test-retest reliability was excellent for both the IIQ-7 and UDI-6. For the UDI-6, the mean difference (SD) between first and second visits was -1.63 (7.0), and the 95% CI for the mean difference was -2.6 and -0.68. The 95% limits of agreement were -15.3 and 12.0. Lin's concordance correlation coefficient (LCCC) (95% CI) for the UDI was 0.89 (0.85 and 0.91). For the IIQ-7, the mean difference (SD) was 0.37 (7.1), and the 95% CI for the mean difference was -0.60 and 1.3. The 95% limits of agreement were -13.5 and 14.2. LCCC (95% CI) for the IIQ was 0.90 (0.87 and 0.92). Internal consistency as assessed using Cronbach's alpha was 0.32 and 0.31 for the UDI-6 and IIQ-7, respectively. Validity assessments indicated that both IIQ and UDI scales can distinguish objective disease states. CONCLUSIONS: UDI-6 and the modified IIQ-7 are easy to administer, test-retest reliable, and valid questionnaires, with relatively low internal consistency. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To compare switching from NPH insulin (NPH) to insulin glargine (glargine) with continuing NPH for changes in fasting blood glucose (FBG) in patients with Type 1 diabetes on basal-bolus therapy with insulin lispro as bolus insulin. Secondary objectives included self-monitoring blood glucose, mean daily blood glucose (MDBG) and mean amplitude glucose excursion (MAGE) values alongside changes in HbA(1c) and safety profiles. METHODS AND RESULTS: This was a 30-week, parallel, open-label, multicentre study. Seven-point profiles were used to calculate MDBG and MAGE. Hypoglycaemia and adverse events were recorded by participants. FBG improved significantly with both glargine (baseline-endpoint change: -28.0 mg/dL; 95% CI: -37.3, -18.7 mg/dL; p<0.001) and NPH (-9.8 mg/dL; 95% CI: -19.1, -0.5 mg/dL; p=0.0374). The improvement was significantly greater with glargine than NPH (mean difference: -18.2 mg/dL; 95% CI: -31.3, -5.2 mg/dL; p=0.0064). MDBG (-10.1 mg/dL; 95% CI: -18.1, -2.1 mg/dL; p=0.0126) and MAGE (-20.0 mg/dL; 95% CI: -34.5, -5.9 mg/dL; p=0.0056) decreased significantly with glargine, but not NPH although endpoint values were no different with the two insulins. Baseline to endpoint change in HbA(1c) was similar (-0.56 vs -0.56%) with no differences at endpoint. Overall hypoglycaemia was no different, but glargine reduced nocturnal hypoglycaemia ("serious episodes" with BG < 42 mg/dl, p=0.006) whereas NPH did not (p=0.123), although endpoint values were no different. CONCLUSION: Switching from NPH to glargine is well tolerated and results into lower FBG, and lower glucose variability while reducing nocturnal hypoglycaemia. These data provide a rationale for more aggressive titration to target with glargine in Type 1 diabetes. 
BACKGROUND: HIV infection of cells varies greatly between individuals, with multiple steps in the replication cycle potentially contributing to the variability. Although entry and post-entry variability of HIV infection levels in cells has been demonstrated, variability in HIV binding has not been examined. In this study, we examined variability of HIV binding to peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from different donors. RESULTS: HIV binding to PBMC varied up to 3.9-fold between individuals and was independent of CD4. Replication of HIV in donor PBMC required CD4 and paralleled virus binding trends of donor PBMC. To assess the stability of virus binding phenotypes over time, HIV was bound to donors with low- and high-binding phenotypes. The binding phenotypes were maintained when tested weekly over a 4-week period for 3 of 4 donors, while one high-binding donor decreased to lower binding on the 4th week. The low- and high-binding phenotypes were also preserved across different HIV strains. Experiments performed to determine if there was an association between HIV binding levels and specific cell subset levels within PBMC showed no correlation, suggesting that HIV binds to multiple cell subsets. CONCLUSION: These results show that differences exist in HIV binding to donor PBMC. Our data also show that HIV binding to donor PBMC is CD4-independent and can change over time, suggesting that virus binding variability is due to differences in the expression of changeable cell-surface host factors. Taken together, this study highlights the impact of cell-surface factors in HIV binding to, and infection of, PBMC which likely represents an important step in HIV infection in vivo. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are synthetic chemicals that are ubiquitous in our society and may have adverse health effects in humans. Detectable concentrations of phthalate metabolites have been found in adults and children, but no studies have examined the relationship between maternal and infant phthalate metabolite concentrations. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the relationship between maternal and infant urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations. METHODS: We measured nine phthalate metabolites in urine samples from 210 mother/infant pairs collected on the same study visit day (1999-2005) and obtained demographic history from questionnaires. Using multivariate linear regression analyses, we examined the degree to which maternal urine phthalate metabolite concentration predicted infant phthalate metabolite concentration. All analyses were adjusted for infant age, creatinine concentration, and race. RESULTS: Correlation coefficients between phthalate metabolite concentrations in the urine of mothers and their infants were generally low but increased with decreasing age of infant. In multivariate analyses, mother's phthalate metabolite concentrations were significantly associated with infants' concentrations for six phthalate metabolites: monobenzyl phthalate, monoethyl phthalate, monoisobutyl phthalate, and three metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate: mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxy-hexyl) phthalate, and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxo-hexyl) phthalate (p-values for all coefficients <0.05). DISCUSSION: Mother's urine phthalate metabolite concentration is significantly associated with infant urine phthalate metabolite concentration for six phthalate metabolites. It is plausible that shared exposures to phthalates in the immediate surrounding environment accounted for these relationships, but other unidentified sources may also contribute to infants' phthalate exposures. This study indicates the importance of further identifying infant phthalate exposures that may be distinct from maternal exposures in order to decrease overall infant phthalate exposures. 
Organophosphate (OP) poisoning is a progressively worrying phenomenon as worldwide pesticide production and consumption has doubled. On average, WHO estimates that 3% of agricultural workers in developing Asian countries suffer an episode of pesticide poisoning every year. Furthermore, the threat of OP usage in terrorism is existent, as seen by the subway tragedy in Tokyo in 1995 where sarin was used. Despite these alarming facts, there is currently no global system to track poisonings related to pesticide use. Human serum paraoxonase (PON1) is the enzyme that hydrolyses OP compounds. Serum PON1 levels and activity vary widely among different ethnic populations. Two commonly studied polymorphisms of PON1 are PON1Q192R and PON1L55M. PON1R192 hydrolyses paraoxon faster than PON1Q192 but hydrolyses diazoxon, sarin and soman eight times slower, and vice versa. PON1M55 has lower plasma levels of PON1 than PON1L55. As the prevalence of the different alleles and genotypic distribution vary between the Asian populations we studied, we propose the necessity to study PON1 polymorphisms and its role in OP toxicity in Asian populations. This would help safeguard the proper care of agricultural workers who might be affected by OP poisoning, and alert relevant anti biological terrorism agencies on possible risks involved in the event of an OP attack and provide effective counter measures.
In a selected group of women from the Danish National Birth Cohort, the authors investigated the association between intake of fatty fish and plasma concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on the one hand and the association between maternal PCB concentrations and fetal growth on the other. Of 70,183 women who filled in a food frequency questionnaire during 1996-2002, 100 nulliparous women aged 25-35 years with normal prepregnancy body mass index were selected according to their intake of fatty fish (low (0 meals/month, n = 34), medium (1-3 meals/month, n = 33), or high (> or = meals/month, n = 33)). Women with a high intake of fatty fish had 50% (95% confidence interval (CI): 31, 72) higher plasma PCB concentrations than women with low intake. Maternal plasma PCB concentrations were inversely associated with birth weight and placental weight. The adjusted mean difference between the 75th and 25th PCB percentiles was -155 g (95% CI: -291, -19) for birth weight and -81 g (95% CI: -135, -26) for placental weight. These results support previous findings from this cohort, where fatty fish intake was inversely associated with fetal growth. Dietary recommendations often encourage weekly consumption of fatty fish. These results suggest that potential exposure to PCBs should be carefully considered before recommending such intakes among women of childbearing age.
We conducted congener-specific analysis of non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (non-dioxin-like PCBs) in blood collected in February 2004 from 127 elderly residents living in Nakagawa Town, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan. The present study is one of the few studies in which 56 non-dioxin-like PCBs congeners were measured in human blood. Of the 127 elderly residents, 51 were men (mean: 68.1 years) and 76 were women (mean: 68.1 years). Among 197 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners, 56 were identified in the blood of elderly residents. The arithmetic mean total concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCBs congeners in the blood of elderly men and women in Nakagawa Town were 419 (median: 378) and 363 (median: 323)ngg(-1)lipid, respectively, and the concentrations were in the range of 172-1102 and 119-1226ngg(-1)lipid, respectively, indicating that the total concentrations in elderly men are significantly higher than those in elderly women. The contamination of non-dioxin-like PCBs in the blood of elderly men and women in Fukuoka Prefecture was found to have decreased compared to past levels. The ratios of hexachlorinated biphenyls (hexaCBs) to the total concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCBs congeners in the blood of elderly men and women were 44.6% and 45.6%, respectively, which was particularly high compared with those of other congeners. 2,2',4,4',5,5'-HexaCB (#153) among hexaCBs congeners, the most abundant congener in the blood of elderly men and women, contributed approximately 23.0% and 23.5% to the total concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCBs congeners, respectively. Furthermore, 2,2',3,4,4',5'-hexaCB (#138), 2,3,3',4',5,6-hexaCB (#163)/2,3,3',4',5',6-hexaCB (#164), 2,2',3,4,4',5,5'-heptaCB (#180), and 2,2',3,4,4',5,6'-heptaCB (#182)/2,2',3,4',5,5',6-heptaCB (#187) also showed high ratios to the total concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCBs congeners detected in the blood of elderly men and women. A statistical examination of the relationship between the total concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCBs congeners in blood and the age of elderly residents who were over 60 years indicated statistically significant correlations between the total concentrations of these PCBs congeners and the age of elderly women. However, similar correlations were not observed in elderly men. The results of the present study have indicated the current levels of non-dioxin-like PCBs in the blood of elderly men and women in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan and can be used as baseline data for those over age 60.
Alkylresorcinols (AR) could be good biomarkers of consumption of fiber-rich cereal products. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between plasma ARs or urinary AR metabolites and cereal fiber intake in women consuming their habitual diet. Twenty-five postmenopausal and 31 premenopausal women were recruited. The subjects included also vegetarians (n = 20) to obtain a broad range of cereal intake. Dietary intake, plasma ARs, and urinary AR metabolites [3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid] were measured. Pearson's and Partial correlation tests were done between dietary fiber intake and plasma ARs or urinary AR metabolites. Cereal fiber intake correlated significantly with plasma AR C17:0 (r = 0.387), AR C19:0 (r = 0.350), AR C21:0 (r = 0.428), AR C23:0 (r = 0.409), AR C25:0 (r = 0.283), and total AR (r = 0.406) and with urinary AR metabolites DHBA (r = 0.359) and DHPPA (r = 0.402) even after adjustment for body mass index and age, which could be confounding variables. This is the first study to show a significant correlation between plasma ARs or urinary AR metabolites and cereal fiber intake during consumption of a habitual diet. These results indicate that assay of plasma ARs or urinary AR metabolites may be used as biomarkers in epidemiologic studies in free-living populations to evaluate the role of cereal fiber intake in various diseases.
PURPOSE: To prospectively compare the accuracy of high-spatial-resolution steady-state magnetic resonance (MR) angiography with standard-resolution first-pass MR angiography in the lower extremities, with digital subtraction angiography (DSA) as the reference standard. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Institutional ethics committee approval and written informed consent were obtained. Twenty-seven patients (16 men, 11 women; mean age, 64.4 years +/- 14.8 [standard deviation]; range, 26-87 years) suspected of having or known to have peripheral arterial disease underwent first-pass and steady-state MR angiography and DSA. First-pass and steady-state MR angiography were performed in the same patient in the same session and with the same dose of blood pool contrast agent. The most severe stenosis grade of each evaluated segment was measured; sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were calculated at first-pass and steady-state MR angiography, with DSA as the reference standard. The kappa coefficient was used to measure the agreement between first-pass MR angiography, steady-state MR angiography, and DSA. RESULTS: A total of 334 arterial segments were available for intraindividual comparison of first-pass MR angiography, steady-state MR angiography, and DSA in 27 patients. In 20 (74%) of 27 patients, the stenosis grade of at least one of the evaluated vessels differed at steady-state MR angiography from that at first-pass MR angiography. In total, stenosis grade was judged as higher at first-pass MR angiography than at DSA (overestimation) in 28 of 334 segments and as lower (underestimation) in 15 of 334 segments. The stenosis grade as judged at steady-state MR angiography matched with that at DSA in 334 of 334 vessel segments. CONCLUSION: High-spatial-resolution steady-state MR angiography allowed for better agreement with DSA regarding stenosis grade in patients with arterial disease compared with standard-resolution arterial-phase first-pass MR angiography. 
INTRODUCTION: Genetic factors have a considerable influence on serum thyroid hormone levels. The C785T and A1814G polymorphisms, located in the 3' untranslated region of the type 1 deiodinase (D1) gene have been associated with serum FT4 and rT3 levels. OBJECTIVE: In healthy Danish twins, we examined the association of these polymorphisms with serum thyroid hormone levels and determined the proportion of genetic influence explained by these variants. We analysed the underlying functional mechanism by performing mRNA stability measurements and analysed the effect of these variants on D1 activity. METHODS: Serum thyroid measurements and genotypes of the D1-C785T and D1-A1814G polymorphisms were determined in 1192 twins. Structural equation modelling was used to determine heritability estimates. Functional analyses were carried out in D1-transfected JEG3 cells. RESULTS: Carriers of the D1-785T allele had 3.8% higher FT4 and 14.3% higher rT3 levels, resulting in a lower T3/T4 and T3/rT3 ratio and a higher rT3/T4 ratio. This polymorphism explained 0.87% and 1.79%, respectively, of the variation in serum FT4 and rT3. The D1-A1814G polymorphism was not associated with serum thyroid hormone levels. No differences in D1 mRNA decay rate or D1 activity were observed between wild-type D1 and the two variants. CONCLUSION: The D1-C785T polymorphism is consistently and significantly associated with serum thyroid hormone levels. However, the proportion of genetic influence explained by this particular polymorphism is small. No effect of the polymorphism on D1 mRNA decay rate or D1 activity was observed. The underlying functional mechanism needs to be elucidated. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalates can disrupt endocrine function and induce reproductive and developmental toxicity in laboratory animals. Few studies have evaluated exposure to phthalates in pregnant women, despite the potential sensitivity of the developing fetus to adverse effects of phthalates. METHODS: We measured urinary concentrations of 11 phthalate metabolites in 19 pregnant women, recruited in Jerusalem, Israel in 2006, and collected questionnaire data on demographic factors and consumer habits from these women. We compared geometric mean concentrations in subgroups and used the Mann-Whitney U-test for independent samples to determine significant differences between groups. RESULTS: Nine metabolites were detected in at least 95% of the samples: mono(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate, mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate, mono(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, mono(n-butyl) phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and monoisobutyl phthalate. Phthalate metabolite concentrations in these pregnant women were remarkably similar to those in the general United States female population. MBzP geometric mean concentrations were higher in women living in buildings existing 40 years or more (P=0.04). In women who used four or more personal care products (perfume, deodorant, lipstick, nail polish, or hand/face cream) in the 48 h prior to providing the urine sample, geometric mean MEP concentrations were more than 4 times higher than concentrations in women using only two or three of the aforementioned products (P=0.07). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women in Jerusalem are exposed to a wide range of phthalates. Building materials used in old constructions may be a source of exposure to benzylbutyl phthalate, the parent compound of MBzP. Personal care products may be sources of exposure to diethyl phthalate, the parent compound of MEP. 
AIMS: Is glycaemic variability an independent risk factor for the development of microvascular complications in addition to average glycaemia, as assessed by glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c))? In this study, an 11-year follow-up was carried out in patients with type 1 diabetes. The standard deviation of blood glucose (SDBG) concentration, an index of glycaemic variability, was calculated from self-monitored blood glucose data at baseline. METHODS: A total of 100 patients were randomly selected from 442 consecutive type 1 diabetic patients attending our outpatients clinic. SDBG was calculated from 70 measurements taken over a period of four weeks. Onset and progression of micro- and macrovascular complications were recorded over the 11-year follow-up. RESULTS: As expected, the prevalence of complications increased over time. Statistical analyses showed that HbA(1c) was an independent predictor of the incidence (P=0.004) and prevalence (P=0.01) of nephropathy. SDBG was found to be a predictor of the prevalence of peripheral neuropathy (P=0.03), and showed borderline significance in predicting the incidence of peripheral neuropathy (P=0.07). SDBG was also a highly significant predictor of hypoglycaemic unawareness (P=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that variability of blood glucose may be important in the development of peripheral neuropathy in patients with type 1 diabetes, and that the nervous system may be particularly vulnerable to glycaemic variability. 
The aim of this study was to reveal whether accumulation of the persistent organic pollutants (POPs), especially polychlorinated biphenyl (2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl, PCB 153), affects plasma levels of adiponectin in obese patients. The study was designed as a longitudinal intervention trial with a control group, where 27 obese women (body mass index (BMI)>30 kg/m(2); age 21-74 years) were studied before (OB) and after (OB-LCD) a 3-month low-calorie-diet intervention (LCD; 5 MJ daily). As the control group, 9 female volunteers without LCD intervention were used (C; BMI=19-25 kg/m(2); age 21-64 years). Plasma levels of PCB 153 were measured by high-resolution gas chromatography with electron capture detection; total adiponectin and insulin plasma levels were quantified by immunoassays; and adiponectin multimeric complexes were quantified by immunoblotting. Plasma levels of total adiponectin, high and medium molecular weight multimers significantly negatively correlated with plasma levels of PCB 153 in OB, but not in C or in OB-LCD, whereas the LCD intervention lowered BMI by 3.3+/-3.0 kg/m(2). Our results may suggest suppression of adiponectin by PCB 153 in obese women under non-energy-restrictive regime, which may contribute to the known association of PCB 153 and other POPs with type 2 diabetes.
Maintaining essential fatty acid (EFA) homeostasis during pregnancy is critical for fetal development. As the organ that controls the maternal-to-fetal supply of nutrients, the placenta plays a significant role in guiding EFA transfer to the fetus. Many EFA homeostasis proteins are regulated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs). The metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP), a ubiquitous environmental contaminant, might influence EFA homeostasis via trans-activation of PPARs with subsequent downstream effects on EFA transporters and enzymes. To investigate DEHP's effect on placental/fetal EFA homeostasis, female Sprague-Dawley rats were orally gavaged with either vehicle or DEHP at 750 or 1500 mg/kg/day from gestational day (GD) 0 to GD 19. Changes in the expression of several EFA homeostasis regulating proteins were determined in the junctional (JXN) and labyrinthine (LAB) zones of the placenta, including PPAR isoforms (alpha, beta and gamma), fatty acid translocase (FAT/CD36), fatty acid transport protein 1 (FATP1), plasma membrane fatty acid binding protein (FABPpm), heart cytoplasmic fatty acid binding protein (HFABP), cytochrome P450 (CYP) 4A1, and cyclooxygenase (COX)-1 and -2. Additionally, effects of DEHP maternal exposure on the placental transfer and fetal distribution of representative EFAs, arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and the placental production of prostaglandins (PGs) were investigated. Expression of PPARalpha, PPARgamma, FAT/CD36, FATP1, HFABP and CYP4A1 was up-regulated in JXN and/or LAB while COX-2 was down-regulated in JXN. PPARbeta, FABPpm, and COX-1 demonstrated variable expression. Reduced directional maternal-to-fetal placental transfer and altered fetal distribution of AA and DHA were observed in concordance with a decreased total placental PG production. These results correlate with previous in vitro data, suggesting that DEHP could influence placental EFA homeostasis with potential downstream effects in the developing fetus.
BACKGROUND: Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) may interact with several thyroid functions. Severe environmental pollution by PCBs has been observed in Brescia, Italy, due to the presence of a factory that produced these compounds until 1984. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to investigate the correlation between serum levels of total PCBs and PCB 153 and thyroid hormone serum levels in adults in a cross-sectional population-based study. METHODS: A total of 527 subjects were enrolled; they were face-to-face interviewed about their history of thyroid disease and provided a blood sample under fasting conditions. The serum levels of free and total triiodothyronine (FT3 and TT3), thyroxine (FT4 and TT4) and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), anti-thyroperoxidase (anti-TPO) and anti-thyroglobulin (anti-TGA), and lipid-adjusted total PCBs and PCB 153 were determined. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference in total PCB and PCB 153 concentrations in subjects with and without thyroid disease. Inverse, weak, statistically significant correlations were found between total PCBs and FT3 (Spearman's r=-0.09) and between total PCBs and PCB 153 and TSH (Spearman's r=-0.16 and -0.12, respectively). However, multiple regression analysis with FT3 and TSH serum levels as dependent variables and total PCBs and PCB 153 serum levels as predictors, including age, gender and BMI, showed a positive, rather than negative, association of PCBs and PCB 153 with FT3 and no association with TSH. CONCLUSIONS: This study does not support the hypothesis that relatively high PCB environmental exposure can determine substantial alterations in thyroid function among adult people. 
Gender-related impact of alcohol consumption on blood pressure (BP), serum lipoprotein profile, and C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations was evaluated prospectively. Alcohol drinking status was assessed as abstainers and categories of light, moderate, and heavy (daily >40 ml ethanol) intake. Mean age of the 3,443 men and women who were followed up for a mean of 7.4 years was 47.6+/-12 years. In each multivariable linear or logistic regression analysis, alcohol drinking status was adjusted for age, sex, smoking status, and physical activity. Among men, drinking was significantly associated positively with low-density lipo protein (LDL) cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo) B, systolic and diastolic BP, and with CRP in a log-linear manner exhibiting features of a threshold at heavy drinking. With respect to response of serum triglycerides to light-to-moderate drinking, whereas men exhibited a significant increase, women exhibited a decline (P<.05). Lower BPs (P<.03) and CRP levels (P=.032) were observed in female drinkers than abstainers and, as distinct from men, no increases in LDL cholesterol and apoB were noted. Heavy drinking tended to protect the sexes against the risk of developing low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in prospective multi adjusted analyses. Sex modulates response of cardiometabolic risk variables to moderate alcohol consumption among Turks. Only women respond with lower triglycerides and CRP, whereas men show a log-linear positive association of drinking categories with BP, LDL cholesterol, apoB, and CRP.
BACKGROUND: The acid-ash diet hypothesis of osteoporosis suggests that acid from the modern diet causes a demineralization of the skeleton, and mobilized bone calcium is excreted. A systematic approach has not been used to summarize the findings of the numerous studies about the hypothesis. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this meta-analysis was to estimate the quantity of net acid excretion and calciuria associated with the modern diet, to assess the association between acid excretion and calcium excretion, and to assess the influence of urine preservatives on calcium measurement. DESIGN: We systematically searched for trials of the acid-ash hypothesis and conducted a meta-analysis. RESULTS: Twenty-five of 105 studies met the inclusion criteria. The estimated quantity of net acid excretion from the weighted average of the control diets from 11 studies was 47 mEq/d. The increase in urinary calcium with a change in renal net acid excretion depended on whether the urine was acidic or alkaline (P < 0.001). A significant linear relation was observed between net acid excretion and calcium excretion for both acidic and alkaline urine (P < 0.001). The estimated change in urine calcium associated with a change of 47 mEq of net acid excretion in acidic urine was 1.6 mmol/d (66 mg/d) of calcium. CONCLUSION: Evidence suggests a linear association between changes in calcium excretion in response to experimental changes in net acid excretion. However, this finding is not evidence that the source of the excreted calcium is bone or that this calciuria contributes to the development of osteoporosis. 
OBJECTIVE: Acrylamide, a probable human carcinogen, is formed during high-heat cooking of many common foods. The validity of food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) measures of acrylamide intake has not been established. We assessed the validity of acrylamide intake calculated from an FFQ using a biomarker of acrylamide exposure. METHODS: We calculated acrylamide intake from an FFQ in the Nurses' Health Study II. We measured hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and its metabolite, glycidamide, in a random sample of 342 women. Correlation and regression analyses were used to assess the relationship between acrylamide intakes and adducts. RESULTS: The correlation between acrylamide intake and the sum of acrylamide and glycidamide adducts was 0.31 (95% CI: 0.20-0.41), adjusted for laboratory batch, energy intake, and age. Further adjustment for BMI, alcohol intake, and correction for random within-person measurement error in adducts gave a correlation of 0.34 (CI: 0.23-0.45). The intraclass correlation coefficient for the sum of adducts was 0.77 in blood samples collected 1-3 years apart in a subset of 45 women. Intake of several foods significantly predicted adducts in multiple regression. CONCLUSIONS: Acrylamide intake and hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and glycidamide were moderately correlated. Within-person consistency in adducts was high over time. 
CONTEXT: IGF-I and IGFBP-3 play a central role in fetal and postnatal growth and levels are low in short SGA children. The -202 A/C and -185 C/T SNPs are located near elements involved in directing IGFBP3 promoter activity and expression. Changes in promoter CpG methylation status affect transcription factor binding and transcriptional activation of IGFBP3 in vitro. OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between IGFBP3 promoter SNPs, IGFBP-3 levels, spontaneous growth and growth response to GH treatment in short prepubertal SGA children. To assess promoter methylation status in a subgroup of short SGA subjects and controls. PATIENTS: 292 Short prepubertal SGA children, 39 short young SGA adults and 85 young adults with normal stature. INTERVENTION: Short prepubertal SGA children received GH 1mg/m(2)/day. OUTCOME MEASURES: Fasting levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3, baseline and delta height SDS. RESULTS: At baseline, IGFBP-3 levels were highest in SGA children with -202 AA genotype and lower in children with 1 or 2 copies of the C-allele (P<0.001). Children with C(-202)/C(-185) haplotype, compared to children with A(-202)/C(-185) haplotype, had lower IGFBP-3 levels (P=0.003) and were shorter (P=0.03). During GH treatment, children with C(-202)/C(-185) haplotype showed a significantly greater increase in IGFBP-3 SDS and in height SDS than children with A(-202)/C(-185) haplotype, resulting in similar IGFBP-3 levels and similar height SDS after 12 months of GH treatment. CpG methylation patterns showed a trend towards more methylation of CpGs involved in transcription factor binding in short young SGA adults compared to controls. CONCLUSION: Polymorphic variation in the IGFBP3 promoter region is correlated with IGFBP-3 levels, spontaneous growth and response to GH treatment in short SGA children. 
Levels of plasma cholesterol, particularly LDL cholesterol, increase with increasing age in humans and rodents. Feeding a fish oil-rich diet may exert hypocholesterolemic effects. The aim of this work was to examine the effects of a life-long administration of a PUFA-enriched diet and of a PUFA-deficient diet in male Sprague-Dawley rats on the age-associated increases in plasma cholesterol and triglycerides. Diet had small effects on body-weight, and had dramatic effects on liver phospholipids-fatty acids. Surprisingly, both diets counteracted the age-associated changes in plasma cholesterol and triglycerides similarly and benefits were already visible in adult rats.
After briefly discussing human exposure to phthalates--diesters of 1,2-benzenedicarboxylic acid (phthalic acid)--this article first presents recent findings from the Study for Future Families, a multi-center pregnancy study in which the human analogue of the phthalate syndrome was first identified. This is one of an increasing number of studies that have investigated human endpoints in relation to environmental exposure to these ubiquitous compounds. This literature, which includes a range of human health endpoints following prenatal, neonatal, childhood, and adult exposures, is then summarized. At least one significant association has been reported for urinary metabolites of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP), butylbenzyl phthalate (BzBP), diethyl phthlate (DEP), and di-isononyl phthalate (DINP) and for three of the urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). Many of the findings reported in humans--most of which have been in males--are consistent with the anti-androgenic action that has been demonstrated for several phthalates. Replication of the results described here and further mechanistic studies are needed to strengthen links between phthalates and adverse health outcomes.
A variety of environmentally persistent contaminants of the Great Lakes Basin are able to bioaccumulate in the aquatic food chain and pose a threat to the health and reproductive success of people and wildlife that depend on locally caught fish as a source of dietary protein. Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and 1,1-bis(4-chlorophenyl)-2,2-dichloroethene (DDE) has been linked to higher rates of cancer, reproductive problems, and endocrine disorders. To investigate the effects of exposure to persistent contaminants of the Great Lakes Basin, the health departments of five Great Lakes states formed a health-assessment consortium. Between 1988 and 1994, the consortium collected demographic and fish consumption information from 2548 licensed charter boat captains, 182 anglers, and 1667 referents. Between 1994 and 1995, a subset of 619 participants in this study provided additional fish consumption information and donated blood samples that were analyzed for PCBs and DDE. Follow-up studies conducted between 2001 and 2005 re-assessed fish consumption rates and blood levels of PCBs and DDE in 293 of these individuals. While there was a trend for increasing overall fish consumption among most participant groups, sportfish and Great Lakes sportfish consumption decreased significantly in the captains over the study period. Serum DDE concentrations, which were highest in men in the captain and angler groups, declined in 90% of study participants. Mean DDE levels fell from 5.6 to 3.2 microg/L. Total PCB levels declined in 80% of participants with the mean concentration falling from 4.2 to 2.8 microg/L. Annual declines in serum DDE and PCB concentrations averaged 4.6% and 3.5%, respectively.
PURPOSE: The 30-item Qualiveen is a specific health related quality of life questionnaire for urinary disorders in patients with neurological conditions, such as multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Previous studies have demonstrated the reliability, validity and responsiveness of Qualiveen. However, to address the needs of large clinical trials and long-term monitoring, in which efficiency may compete with precision of measurement, we developed the 8-item self-administered SF-Qualiveen. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 180 English speaking and French speaking outpatients with multiple sclerosis at multiple sclerosis clinics and departments of rehabilitation in Canada and France completed the entire Qualiveen, the Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life-54 questionnaire or its French version (SEP-59) as well as urinary function assessments at study enrollment and 2 to 10 weeks later. At visit 2 patients also made global ratings of change in urinary health related quality of life. SF-Qualiveen development and testing used this data set. RESULTS: Correlations of SF-Qualiveen with its original form were high (r = 0.70 to 0.92). SF-Qualiveen proved reliable (ICC 0.83 to 0.93). Its responsiveness was similar to that of the long form (SRM 0.75 to 1.62). Correlations with other measures were consistent with our a priori predictions (weighted kappa 0.55 for cross-sectional correlations and 0.66 for correlations of change), supporting the cross-sectional and longitudinal construct validity of SF-Qualiveen. CONCLUSIONS: SF-Qualiveen has excellent measurement properties, similar to those of the long form. The new instrument is likely to perform well in the clinical and research context. 
OBJECTIVE: To measure the association between alcohol intake and 11 hormones and peptides in postmenopausal breast cancer survivors and to evaluate whether this association differs by tamoxifen use. METHODS: Self-reported alcohol intake was assessed via food frequency questionnaire on average 30 months post-breast cancer diagnosis in 490 postmenopausal women from three western states. Concurrently, a fasting blood sample was obtained for assay of estrone, estradiol, free estradiol, testosterone, free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), leptin, C-peptide, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), and IGF-binding protein-3. Adjusted means of these hormones and peptides were calculated for categories of alcohol intake, overall and stratified by tamoxifen use. RESULTS: The association between alcohol intake and serum hormone and peptide levels differed by tamoxifen use. We found statistically significant inverse associations between alcohol intake and both leptin and SHBG values but only among tamoxifen users. In women not using tamoxifen, we found a positive association between alcohol intake and DHEAS but no association in tamoxifen users. CONCLUSION: Tamoxifen may modify the association between alcohol intake and serum hormones and peptides. The significant associations found for DHEAS and SHBG are in a direction considered unfavorable for breast cancer prognosis. Postmenopausal breast cancer survivors may benefit from decreasing their alcohol intake. 
We exposed female European starlings to a pentabromodiphenyl ether (Penta-BDE) mixture through subcutaneous implants, and examined levels and profiles of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) together with reproductive effects. Sum PBDE levels increased significantly in the serum of the exposed females from 218+/-43 to 23,400+/-2035 pg/ml. Sum PBDE concentrations in the eggs of the exposed group ranged from 130+/-12 to 220+/-37 ng/g wet weight (ww). The profile in serum after egg laying was very similar to that in eggs. There were no detectable levels of HO-PBDEs in both serum and eggs. Fewer females of the exposed group initiated egg laying compared to the control group, although the difference was not significant. In addition, egg weight and volume were significantly higher in the exposed group. These results suggest that, at the investigated exposure levels (150 microg sum PBDEs/bird), PBDEs may have a negative effect on reproductive performance.
Previous studies demonstrated that perinatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), a major class of brominated flame retardants, may affect thyroid hormone (TH) concentrations by inducing hepatic uridinediphosphate-glucoronosyltransferases (UGTs). This study further examines effects of the commercial penta mixture, DE-71, on genes related to TH metabolism at different developmental time points in male rats. DE-71 is predominately composed of PBDE congeners 47, 99, 100, 153, 154 with low levels of brominated dioxin and dibenzofuran contaminants. Pregnant Long-Evans rats were orally administered 1.7 (low), 10.2 (mid), or 30.6 (high) mg/kg/day of DE-71 in corn oil from gestational day (GD) 6 to postnatal day (PND) 21. Serum and liver were collected from male pups at PND 4, 21, and 60. Total serum thyroxine (T(4)) decreased to 57% (mid) and 51% (high) on PND 4, and 46% (mid) dose and 25% (high) on PND 21. Cyp1a1, Cyp2b1/2, and Cyp3a1 enzyme and mRNA expression, regulated by aryl hydrocarbon receptor, constitutive androstane receptor, and pregnane xenobiotic receptor, respectively, increased in a dose-dependent manner. UGT-T(4) enzymatic activity significantly increased, whereas age and dose-dependent effects were observed for Ugt1a6, 1a7, and 2b mRNA. Sult1b1 mRNA expression increased, whereas that of transthyretin (Ttr) decreased as did both the deiodinase I (D1) enzyme activity and mRNA expression. Hepatic efflux transporters Mdr1 (multidrug resistance), Mrp2 (multidrug resistance-associated protein), and Mrp3 and influx transporter Oatp1a4 mRNA expression increased. In this study the most sensitive responses to PBDEs following DE-71 exposure were CYP2B and D1 activities and Cyb2b1/2, d1, Mdr1, Mrp2, and Mrp3 gene expression. All responses were reversible by PND 60. In conclusion, deiodination, active transport, and sulfation, in addition to glucuronidation, may be involved in disruption of TH homeostasis due to perinatal exposure to DE-71 in male rat offspring.
It was the aim of this study to examine the association of the consumption of meat in general, meat prepared by different cooking methods and the dietary intake of heterocyclic aromatic amines (HCA) with the level of DNA adducts in the breast tissue of women undergoing reduction mammoplasty. Dietary intake of meat and HCA were assessed via questionnaire in 44 women undergoing reduction mammoplasty. DNA adduct analysis in breast tissue was performed by (32)P-postlabelling analysis. Spearman rank correlation coefficients (r) were calculated to examine the association of meat consumption and dietary HCA intake with tissue DNA adduct levels. A median DNA adduct level of 18.45 (interquartile range 12.81-25.65) per 10(9) nucleotides in breast tissue was observed; median HCA intake was 40.43 ng/day (interquartile range 19.55-102.33 ng/day). Total HCA intake (r = 0.33, P = 0.03), consumption of fried meat (r = 0.39, P = 0.01), beef (r = 0.32, P = 0.03) and processed meat (r = 0.51, P = 0.0004) were statistically significantly correlated with the level of DNA adducts in breast tissue. The detected DNA adducts could not be confirmed to be specific HCA-derived DNA adducts by comparison with external standards, using the (32)P-postlabelling assay. We observed strong correlations of dietary HCA intake and consumption of fried and processed meat with DNA adduct levels in breast tissue of 44 women. Since the detected DNA adducts were not necessarily specific only for HCA, it is possible that HCA intake is a surrogate of other genotoxic substances, such as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, in meat prepared at high temperatures.
OBJECTIVE: This study was performed to investigate the interobserver reproducibility of the interpretation of Tc-labelled white blood cell scans combined or not with other nuclear medicine procedures. METHODS: Twenty nuclear medicine physicians working in Belgium received clinical data and scintigraphic images from 10 patients suspected of suffering from various infectious diseases. They had to choose, for each patient, one answer among 'high probability', 'intermediate probability' and 'low probability' of infection. In a first step the level of agreement, defined as the highest percentage obtained among the three proposed answers, was calculated for each case; complete agreement was arbitrarily defined when 80% or more of the observers gave the same answer. In a second step, a numerical score was given for each answer and for each observer. The scores were defined as 0 for the 'low probability' answer, 1 for the 'intermediate probability' and 2 for the 'high probability' answer. The scores of each observer were summed up allowing obtaining of a cumulated score for each observer; observers were thereafter classified as a function of their own cumulated score. RESULTS: An agreement of 80% or more was observed only in three patients. The cumulated scores of the observers were between 4 and 16, demonstrating that some observers were more sensitive than others. CONCLUSION: Interobserver reproducibility in the interpretation of the white blood cell scan was poor; several factors could explain these results, the most frequent being both the poor specificity of the labelled white blood cell scan and different concepts in interpreting combined nuclear medicine procedures in several situations. As observers received the anonymized overall results, this study may have a favourable impact on continuing education in medical imaging. 
OBJECTIVES: Mercury and most of its compounds are extremely toxic and should be handled with care. It can be inhaled and absorbed through the skin and mucous membranes. The most toxic forms of mercury are its organic compounds such as dimethylmercury and methylmercury. Fish have a natural tendency to accumulate mercury. Methylmercury is produced by microbial methylation of inorganic mercury in water sediment then it infiltrates the food chain and it consequently accumulates in fish. Fish are the main source of methylmercury in human food. Mercury is transferred into a hair; and this can be than used to monitor the long-term exposure to mercury. The content of mercury in hair depends on the frequency of fish consumption. The aim of our study was to compare mercury content in the hair of children that had various amounts of fish consumption (increased or reduced). DESIGN: Total mercury content in hair was determined by direct method of cold vapors using an AMA 245 analyzer. A total of 174 hair samples from the children (9-17 years old) were analyzed. In this study, the following localities were compared: Neratovice (n=42), Jesenky (n=44), Prague (n=59) in Czech Republic and Olsztyn in Poland (n=29). Every sample was accompanied with questionnaire about age, gender, regions, amalgam fillings and fish consumption. RESULTS: We did not find a correlation between the content of mercury in hair with age, gender or amalgam fillings. We did find a correlation between fish consumption and the amount of mercury found in the hair samples. CONCLUSION: The amount of mercury in hair increases with more frequent consumption of freshwater and marine fish. 
The effect of water-soluble chitosan, a natural polymer derived from chitin, on indices of oxidative stress was investigated in normal volunteers. Treatment with chitosan for 4 weeks produced a significant decrease in levels of plasma glucose, atherogenic index and led to increase in high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL). Chitosan treatment also lowered the ratio of oxidized to reduced albumin and increased total plasma antioxidant activity (TPA). There was good correlation between TPA and oxidized albumin ratio. The results indicate that oxidized albumin ratio represents a potentially useful marker of oxidative stress. In in vitro studies, albumin carbonyls and hydroperoxides were significantly decreased in a time-dependent manner in the presence of chitosan, compared with controls (p<0.05). Chitosan also reduced two stable radicals in a dose- and time-dependent manner. The results suggest that chitosan has a direct antioxidant activity in systemic circulation by lowering the indices of oxidative stress in both in vitro and in vivo studies. This may confer benefits additional to the reduction in plasma carbohydrate and increase in HDL levels. It may also inhibit oxidation of serum albumin commonly observed in patients undergoing hemodialysis, resulting in reduction of oxidative stress associated with uremia.
OBJECTIVE: All previous studies on monetary diet cost have examined the relationship of monetary cost of self-reported diet to self-reported, rather than biomarker-based, estimates of dietary intake. The present cross-sectional study examined the association between monetary costs of self-reported diet and biomarker-based estimates of nutrient intake. DESIGN: Monetary diet cost (Japanese yen/1000 kJ) was calculated based on dietary intake information from a self-administered, comprehensive diet history questionnaire using retail food prices. Biomarker-based estimates of nutrient intake (percentage of energy for protein and mg/1000 kJ for K and Na) were estimated based on 24 h urinary excretion and estimated energy expenditure. SETTING: A total of fifteen universities and colleges in Japan. SUBJECTS: A total of 1046 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18-22 years. RESULTS: Total monetary diet cost showed a significant positive association with biomarker-based estimates of protein, K and Na. Vegetables and fish were not only the main contributors to total monetary diet cost (16.4 % and 15.5 %, respectively) but also were relatively strongly correlated with total monetary diet cost (Pearson's correlation coefficient: 0.70 and 0.68, respectively). Monetary cost of vegetables was significantly positively associated with all three nutrients, while that of fish showed a significant and positive association only with protein. CONCLUSIONS: Total monetary cost of self-reported diet was positively associated with biomarker-based estimates of protein, K and Na intake in young Japanese women, and appeared mainly to be explained by the monetary costs of vegetables and fish. 
This study was designed to investigate the protective and antioxidant properties of Punica granatum (PG) beverage against trichloroacetic acid (TCA)-exposure in rats. The hepatopreventive and antioxidant potential of the plant's infusion was evaluated by measuring level of serum enzymes, antioxidant defense systems (ADS) and lipid peroxidation content in various organs of rats. Three experimental groups: A (untreated=control), B (only TCA-treated) and C (TCA+PG treated). According to the results, while the levels of AST and ALT increased significantly in B groups' they decreased significantly in the C groups'. LDH and CK did not change significantly in B groups' whereas decreased significantly in the C groups'. Liver, brain, kidney and heart tissues MDA content significantly increased in B groups', whereas no significant changes were observed in the C groups'. On the other hand, SOD decreased significantly in liver of the B group but did not change significantly in the C groups'. GST activity increased significantly in liver, brain and spleen of C group while significant decrease was observed for kidney as compared to those of control. Hence, the study reveals that constituents present in PG impart protection against carcinogenic chemical induced oxidative injury that may result in development of cancer during the period of a 52-day protective exposure.
Environmental pollutants can adversely affect the immune system. The host defence during infection depends on cytokine signalling and proper function of immune cells. However, no studies have addressed how polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) affect cytokine responses. We investigated the combined effects in Balb/c mice of human coxsackievirus B3 (CVB3) infection and exposure to PBDEs (BDE-99 or Bromkal mixture) on 21 serum cytokines. The mice were infected (i.p.) on day 0, orally treated with BDE-99 or Bromkal on day 1 (20mg/kg bw) and put to death on day 3. CVB3 was quantitatively measured in the liver and pancreas by RT-PCR. The Luminex 200 multi-analyte system was used for cytokine analysis. High numbers of viral copies were found in the liver and pancreas. Infection increased TNF-alpha, IL-6, MCP-1, IL-12p40, KC and RANTES levels. Notably, PBDE-exposure resulted in a marked decrease, or even lack, of IL-13, MIP-1beta, RANTES, IFN-gamma and KC levels in non-infected mice. However, the effects of PBDE-exposure on cytokines did not affect viral replication during early CVB3 infection. In conclusion, PBDEs causes a selective block in immune signalling pathways but the consequences of this need to be further studied in different host resistance models of infection.
Endometriosis among women of reproductive age can result in pain and infertility. The objectives of this study were to test if there is a relation between endometriosis and serum dioxin concentrations as expressed by total toxic equivalence and serum total polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations among women patients at one Atlanta reproductive medicine clinic during 1998-1999; a secondary objective was to provide exposure data for individual congeners of these chemicals and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethane (p,p'-DDE) in women in Atlanta. Laparoscopy including biopsy and visualization of the peritoneal cavity, ovaries, outside of the fallopian tubes and uterus confirmed all endometriosis cases (n=60) and confirmed 30 controls without endometriosis. Other controls had an infertile partner (n=27) or ovulation problems (n=7) with no signs or symptoms of endometriosis. All serum samples were analyzed at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2003. Statistical analyses included Fisher's exact chi-square tests and logistic regression. Models were presented for the full study sample and for the subset that included all cases (n=60) and only controls (n=30) with surgical confirmation of disease-free status. Serum concentrations (lipid-adjusted and non lipid-adjusted) of analyzed exposure measures were low and similar for cases and controls and did not explain endometriosis in the study population.
Plasma glycans were analyzed in 1008 individuals to evaluate variability and heritability, as well as the main environmental determinants that affect glycan structures. By combining HPLC analysis of fluorescently labeled glycans with sialidase digestion, glycans were separated into 33 chromatographic peaks and quantified. A high level of variability was observed with the median ratio of minimal to maximal values of 6.17 and significant age- and gender-specific differences. Heritability estimates for individual glycans varied widely, ranging from very low to very high. Glycome-wide environmental determinants were also detected with statistically significant effects of different variables including diet, smoking and cholesterol levels.
BACKGROUND: Plasma phospholipid fatty acids have been correlated with food intakes in populations with homogeneous dietary patterns. However, few data are available on populations with heterogeneous dietary patterns. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate whether plasma phospholipid fatty acids are suitable biomarkers of dietary intakes across populations involved in a large European multicenter study. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study design nested to the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) was conducted to determine plasma fatty acid profiles in >3,000 subjects from 16 centers, who had also completed 24-h dietary recalls and dietary questionnaires. Plasma fatty acids were assessed by capillary gas chromatography. Ecological and individual correlations were calculated between fatty acids and select food groups. RESULTS: The most important determinant of plasma fatty acids was region, which suggests that the variations across regions are largely due to different food intakes. Strong ecological correlations were observed between fish intake and long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (r = 0.78, P < 0.01), olive oil and oleic acid (r = 0.73, P < 0.01), and margarine and elaidic acid (r = 0.76, P < 0.01). Individual correlations varied across the regions, particularly between olive oil and oleic acid and between alcohol and the saturation index, as an indicator of stearoyl CoA desaturase activity. CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that specific plasma phospholipid fatty acids are suitable biomarkers of some food intakes in the EPIC Study. Moreover, these findings suggest complex interactions between alcohol intake and fatty acid metabolism, which warrants further attention in epidemiologic studies relating dietary fatty acids to alcohol-related cancers and other chronic diseases. 
Human populations are simultaneously exposed to a variety of anthropogenic contaminants. However, despite extensive literature on animal exposure to single compounds, data on the toxicity of complex mixtures are scarce. The Northern Contaminant Mixture (NCM) was formulated to contain the 27 most abundant contaminants in the same relative proportions found in the blood of Canadian Arctic populations. Sprague-Dawley rat dams were dosed from the first day of gestation until weaning with methylmercury (MeHg), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) or organochlorines pesticides (OCs) administered either separately or together in the NCM. An additional control group for hypothyroxinemia was included by dosing dams with the goitrogen 6-propyl-2-thiouracil (PTU). Offspring growth, survival, serum thyroxine and Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) levels, thyroid gland morphology, brain taurine content and cerebellum and hippocampus protein expression patterns resulting from such exposures were monitored. Pups' increased mortality rate and impaired growth observed in the NCM treatment group were attributed to MeHg, while decreased circulating thyroxine levels and perturbations of thyroid gland morphology were mostly attributable to PCBs. Interestingly, despite comparable reduction in serum thyroxine levels, PCBs and PTU exposures produced markedly different effects on pup's growth, serum TSH level and brain taurine content. Analysis of cerebellum and hippocampus protein expression patterns corroborated previous cerebellum gene expression data, as contaminant co-exposure in the NCM significantly masked the effects of individual components on protein two-dimensional electrophoresis patterns. Identification by MALDI-TOF/TOF MS of differentially expressed proteins involved notably in neuronal and mitochondrial functions provided clues on the cellular and molecular processes affected by these contaminant mixtures.
A prolongation of QT interval has been shown in patients with cirrhosis and it is considered as part of the definition of the so-called 'cirrhotic cardiomyopathy'. The aim of the present study was to assess the determinants of QT interval prolongation in cirrhotic patients. Forty-eight male patients with different stages of liver disease were divided into three subgroups according to the Child-Pugh classification. All patients underwent a 24-h ECG Holter recording. The 24-h mean of QT intervals corrected for heart rate (termed QTc) and the slope of the regression line QT/RR were calculated. HRV (heart rate variability), plasma calcium and potassium concentration and HVPG (hepatic venous pressure gradient) were measured. QTc was progressively prolonged from Child A to Child C patients (P=0.001). A significant correlation between QTc and HVPG was found (P=0.003). Patients with alcohol-related cirrhosis presented QTc prolongation more frequently than patients with post-viral cirrhosis (P<0.001). The QT/RR slope was steeper in subjects with alcoholic aetiology as compared with viral aetiology (P=0.02), suggesting that these patients have a further QTc prolongation when heart rate decreases. The plasma calcium concentration was inversely correlated with QTc (P<0.001). The presence of severe portal hypertension was associated with decreased HRV (P<0.001). Cirrhotic patients with a more severe disease, especially of alcoholic aetiology, who have greater HVPG and lower calcium plasma levels, have an altered ventricular repolarization and a reduced vagal activity to the heart, which may predispose to life-threatening arrhythmias.
BACKGROUND: Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants have been implicated as disruptors of the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis. Animals exposed to PBDEs may show reduced plasma thyroid hormone (TH), but it is not known whether PBDEs impact TH-regulated pathways in target tissues. OBJECTIVE: We examined the effects of dietary exposure to 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (PBDE-47)-commonly the highest concentrated PBDE in human tissues-on plasma TH levels and on gene transcripts for glycoprotein hormone alpha-subunit (GPHalpha) and thyrotropin beta-subunit (TSHbeta) in the pituitary gland, the auto-induced TH receptors alpha and beta in the brain and liver, and the TH-responsive transcription factor basic transcription element-binding protein (BTEB) in the brain. METHODS: Breeding pairs of adult fathead minnows (Pimephales promelas) were given dietary PBDE-47 at two doses (2.4 microg/pair/day or 12.3 microg/pair/day) for 21 days. RESULTS: Minnows exposed to PBDE-47 had depressed plasma thyroxine (T(4)), but not 3,5,3'-triiodothyronine (T(3)). This decline in T(4) was accompanied by elevated mRNA levels for TStHbeta (low dose only) in the pituitary. PBDE-47 intake elevated transcript for TH receptor alpha in the brain of females and decreased mRNA for TH receptor beta in the brain of both sexes, without altering these transcripts in the liver. In males, PBDE-47 exposure also reduced brain transcripts for BTEB. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that dietary exposure to PBDE-47 alters TH signaling at multiple levels of the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid axis and provide evidence that TH-responsive pathways in the brain may be particularly sensitive to disruption by PBDE flame retardants. 
BACKGROUND: The plasma concentration of B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) in outpatients is hard to interpret because of the lack of knowledge of the natural within-person variation of BNP. In this study, we estimated the safety range of within-person variation in the plasma concentration of BNP in outpatients with stable heart failure. METHODS: In a prospective historical cohort study, 6 consecutive measurements of the plasma concentration of BNP were made at 4-week intervals in 131 consecutive patients with strictly stable heart failure. The reference change values at the 95% CI and the 95% limits of agreement of the peptide concentration were calculated with a log-normal approach, and the results were back-transformed to a normal scale. RESULTS: The within-person distribution of BNP was right-skewed, and a Gaussian distribution was achieved by log transformation. In all of 15 combinations of paired measurements randomly selected from 6 measurements, the correlations were significant (P < .001) with correlation coefficients ranging from 0.615 to 0.835. The up and down reference change values at the 95% confidence level for all measurements were 240.4% and -70.6% of the geometric means, respectively, and the median values of the upper and lower 95% limits of agreements were 219.7% and -71.8% of the geometric mean, respectively. CONCLUSION: The plasma concentration of BNP may triple or fall by one third without a change in the status of heart failure. In monitoring of patients with heart failure, BNP should be interpreted in the context of the skewed within-person distribution. 
Little is known about the relation of dietary factors to circulating C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations in young adults and non-Western populations. We cross-sectionally examined associations between dietary intake and serum CRP concentrations in young Japanese women. The subjects were 443 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18 to 22 years. Dietary intake was assessed with a validated, self-administered, comprehensive, diet history questionnaire. Serum CRP concentrations were measured by highly sensitive nephelometry. The prevalence of elevated CRP (> or = 1 mg/L) was 5.6%. After adjustment for possible confounding factors including body mass index, a significant inverse association was seen between total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and elevated CRP. The multivariate adjusted odds ratios of elevated CRP for women with intake below and above the median (1.1% of energy) were 1.00 and 0.33 (95% confidence interval, 0.13-0.82; P = .02), respectively. Intake of eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid and alpha-linolenic acid was not associated with elevated CRP concentrations (P = .62 and P = .27, respectively). Vitamin C intake was independently inversely associated with elevated CRP, although the association was nonsignificant (P = .10). No clear associations were observed for other dietary factors examined including total fat, saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, total dietary fiber, soluble dietary fiber, insoluble dietary fiber, and magnesium; fruits, vegetables, and fish and shellfish; and dietary glycemic load (P = .27 to P = .99). In conclusion, total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake showed an independent inverse association with elevated serum CRP concentration in a group of young Japanese women.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are common environmental pollutants in both living and working environments. The aim of this study was the development of a headspace solid-phase microextraction gas chromatography-isotope dilution mass spectrometry (HS-SPME/GC-IDMS) method for the simultaneous quantification of 13 PAHs in urine samples. Different parameters affecting PAHs extraction by HS-SPME were considered and optimized: type/thickness of fiber coatings, extraction temperature/time, desorption temperature/time, ionic strength and sample agitation. The stability of spiked PAHs solutions and of real urine samples stored up to 90 days in containers of different materials was evaluated. In the optimized method, analytes were absorbed for 60min at 80 degrees C in the sample headspace with a 100mum polydimethylsiloxane fiber. The method is very specific, with linear range from the limit of quantification to 8.67 x 10(3)ngL(-1), a within-run precision of <20% and a between-run precision of <20% for 2-, 3- and 4-ring compounds and of <30% for 5-ring compounds, trueness within 20% of the spiked concentration, and limit of quantification in the 2.28-2.28 x 10(1)ngL(-1) range. An application of the proposed method using 15 urine samples from subjects exposed to PAHs at different environmental levels is shown.
AIMS: Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), among the main compounds present in polluted urban air, is of concern for children's health. Childhood exposure to PAH was assessed by urinary monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), a pyrene metabolite, investigating its association with exposure to air pollution and other factors related to PAH in air. METHODS: A group of 174 4-year-old children were recruited and a questionnaire on their indoor and outdoor residential environment was completed by parents. At the same time, environmental measurements of traffic-related air pollution (NO2) were carried out. A urine sample was collected from each child in order to analyze 1-OHP using HPLC with fluorescence detection, correcting for creatinine concentrations. Non-parametric tests and regression analyses were used to identify environmental factors that influence 1-OHP excretion. RESULTS: Mean urinary 1-OHP concentration was 0.061 micromol/mol creatinine, ranging from 0.004 to 0.314 micromol/mol. Non-parametric tests and regression analysis showed positive and significant associations (P<or=0.05) between 1-OHP and predicted residential exposure to NO2 (which was based on outdoor environmental measurements and geo-statistical analysis), self-reported residential vehicle traffic, passive smoking and cooking appliance. 1-OHP levels tended to be higher among children living in urban areas (0.062 micromol/mol vs. 0.058 micromol/mol for children living in rural areas) but differences were not significant (P=0.20). CONCLUSION: In Southern Spain, concentrations of urinary 1-OHP were in the lower range of those generally reported for children living in non-polluted areas in Western Europe and the USA. Traffic-related air pollution, passive smoking and cooking appliance influenced urinary 1-OHP level in the children, which should be prevented due to the health consequences of the inadvertent exposure to PAH during development. 
The purpose of this study was to evaluate a free-breathing three-dimensional (3D) dual inversion-recovery (DIR) segmented k-space gradient-echo (turbo field echo [TFE]) imaging sequence at 3T for the quantification of aortic vessel wall dimensions. The effect of respiratory motion suppression on image quality was tested. Furthermore, the reproducibility of the aortic vessel wall measurements was investigated. Seven healthy subjects underwent 3D DIR TFE imaging of the aortic vessel wall with and without respiratory navigator. Subsequently, this sequence with respiratory navigator was performed twice in 10 healthy subjects to test its reproducibility. The signal-to-noise (SNR), contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), vessel wall sharpness, and vessel wall volume (VWV) were assessed. Data were compared using the paired t-test, and the reproducibility of VWV measurements was evaluated using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs). SNR, CNR, and vessel wall sharpness were superior in scans performed with respiratory navigator compared to scans performed without. The ICCs concerning intraobserver, interobserver, and interscan reproducibility were excellent (0.99, 0.94, and 0.95, respectively). In conclusion, respiratory motion suppression substantially improves image quality of 3D DIR TFE imaging of the aortic vessel wall at 3T. Furthermore, this optimized technique with respiratory motion suppression enables assessment of aortic vessel wall dimensions with high reproducibility.
Circulating adiponectin is emerging as an important link between obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the spectrum of lifestyle factors that modulate the adiponectin concentration remains to be elucidated, particularly among women. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 877 female twin pairs from the TwinsUK adult twin registry. Using a co-twin design, we examined dietary and body composition influences on adiponectin by conducting matched, within-pair analyses to eliminate confounding. Following multivariable adjustment within-twin pairs, significant influences on adiponectin (log-transformed, percent change per SD of the dietary/body composition variable) were observed for nonstarch polysaccharides (3.25%; 95% CI: 0.06, 6.54; P < 0.05) and magnesium intake (3.80%; 95%CI: 0.17, 7.57; P < 0.05), with a trend toward an association for fruit and vegetable (F&V) intakes (2.55%; 95% CI: -0.26, 5.45; P = 0.08). These modest positive associations cannot be explained by confounding through other lifestyle factors shared by the twins. A significant relationship between adiponectin and 3 derived dietary patterns (F&V, dieting, traditional English), carbohydrate, protein, trans fat, and alcohol intake was also observed. Strong inverse associations with adiponectin were observed for BMI (-10.72%; 95% CI: -13.78, -7.55), total (-6.89%: 95% CI: -10.34, -3.30; P < 0.05), and central fat mass (-12.50%; 95% CI: -15.82, -9.05; P < 0.05); these relationships were significant both when twins were analyzed as individuals and when characteristics were contrasted within-twin pairs, suggesting a direct effect. We observed modest associations between dietary factors and adiponectin in female twins, independent of adiposity, and report strong inverse associations with body composition. These data reinforce the importance of weight maintenance and increasing consumption of diets rich in plant-based foods to prevent CVD and type 2 diabetes.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are flame retardants applied as coatings to many consumer products, including household items. PBDEs are released and produce airborne vapors and dusts. Inhalation of particle-phase and/or gas-phase PBDEs is therefore a major route of exposure. In an attempt to mimic realistic airborne exposures, actual uptake, and deposition of particles and vapors, we prepared and characterized particles for future animal exposure studies. To trace the particles in environmental and biological systems, we employed fluoro tagging. We synthesized, characterized, and employed three PBDE congeners, 35, 47, and 99, and five fluoro-substituted PBDEs (F-PBDEs), 17-F5' 25-F5', 28-F3', 35-F5', 47-F3, and 99-F3', for this study. The PBDE congeners were selected because they are commonly found in house dust. For that reason, we coated spherical silica particles of 3 microm and C18 endcapped silica as representative and inert support materials, with 20, 30, and 40% PBDEs. We determined the particle size distributions by aerodynamic particle size spectrometry and the morphology by scanning electron microscopy. The suitability of the fluoro-tagged tracers to mimic their corresponding parent PBDEs was investigated by extraction studies from spiked blood serum. Our study is of fundamental importance to the development of xenobiotic tracers for monitoring routes of human exposure to PBDEs and understanding uptake of PBDEs from particles and vapors.
The natural isotopic composition of 13C and 12C in tissues is largely determined by the diet. Sources of provitamin A carotenoids (e.g., vegetables) typically have a lower 13C to 12C ratio (13C:12C) than preformed vitamin A sources (i.e., dairy and meat) from corn-fed animals, which are prevalent in the US. The 13C:12C of serum retinol (13C:12C-retinol) was evaluated as a biomarker for vegetable intake in a 3-mo dietary intervention designed to promote weight-loss by increased vegetable consumption or reduced calorie and fat intake. Subjects were 21-50 y of age with a BMI between 30-40 kg/m2 and were enrolled from one geographic area in the US. The high vegetable group (n=20) was encouraged to increase daily vegetable and fruit consumption to 0.95 liter vegetables and 0.24-0.35 liter fruits. The caloric reduction group (n=17) was encouraged to lower caloric intake by 500 kcal and consume<or=25% kcal from fat daily. Provided meals supplied 75-100% vegetable and fruit goals and 50-67% kcal and fat g per day. Carotenoid supplementation was discontinued by subjects during the study. Serum retinol and provitamin A carotenoid concentrations; intake of preformed vitamin A, provitamin A, and fat; and body weight, fat mass, and lean mass were analyzed for correlations to 13C:12C-retinol. 13C:12C-Retinol decreased in the vegetable group after intervention (P=0.050) and the correlation with provitamin A intake was approaching significance (P=0.079). 13C:12C-Retinol did not change in the caloric reduction group (P=0.43). 13C:12C-Retinol changes with the vitamin A source in the diet and can be used as a biomarker for increases in dietary provitamin A vegetable intake.
This study measured particle size distributions of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in two workplace atmospheres of the sintering grate and rough roll shredder in a sintering plant, and to assess their workers' health-related exposures. We found that the PCDD/F concentration of the sintering grate (site A=14.47 pg m(-3)) was lower than that of the rough roll shredder (site B=17.20 pg m(-3)). Particle size distributions of PCDD/Fs were in the form of the unimodal with the mass median aerodynamic diameter (MMAD) of 4.74 microm and 5.23 microm, and geometric standard deviation (sigma(g)) of 3.15 and 2.15 for the site A and B, respectively. The above results suggest that the workplace of the site A had a less fraction of coarse particles than that of the site B. The estimated PCDD/F concentrations of the inhalable fraction (11.0 pg m(-3)) and thoracic fraction (8.89 pg m(-3)) of the site A were lower than those of the site B (12.4 and 9.39 pg m(-3), respectively). But to the contrary the estimated respirable fraction of the site A (5.05 pg m(-3)) was slightly higher than that of the site B (4.93 pg m(-3)). Our results clearly indicate the importance to conduct particle size segregating samplings for assessing human PCDD/F exposures.
BACKGROUND: We aimed to study the reproducibility of several biomarkers of allergic rhinitis to investigate their potential as outcome measures in clinical intervention trials. Furthermore, we investigated the kinetics of the biomarkers studied in nasal lavage and brush material following a placebo-controlled nasal allergen challenge. METHODS: We performed a skin prick test and measured serum specific immunoglobulin (Ig) E levels and inflammatory biomarkers in nasal lavage and brush material in 20 patients with allergic rhinitis on 2 separate days (washout, 14-21 days). The patients were then randomly assigned to undergo an intranasal challenge with a relevant allergen (n=10) or diluent (n=10) in order to assess the kinetics of several biomarkers of allergic airway inflammation in nasal lavage and brush samples. RESULTS: Baseline serum IgE levels and skin wheal sizes were highly reproducible measurements, with a coefficient of variation (CV) of 13.4% and 18.2%, respectively. This was not the case with the majority of inflammatory biomarkers, whose CV varied considerably (range, 6.1%-224.1%). The nasal allergen challenge induced an increase in composite symptom scores in all patients. Compared to placebo, tryptase (P=.004), eosinophilic cationic protein (ECP) (P=.03) and alpha2-macroglobulin (P=.002) were increased in nasal lavage at 20 minutes post allergen. Nasal lavage ECP levels and nasal brush eosinophils were still significantly increased at 7 hours (P=.03 and P=.04), but all statistical significance had been lost at 24 hours post challenge. CONCLUSION: Serum specific IgE assays and skin prick tests exhibited good reproducibility in patients with clinically stable allergic rhinitis. We were also able to investigate the kinetics of allergen-induced upper airway inflammatory markers in nasal lavage and brush material. Hence, nasal allergen challenge, when used in combination with nasal lavage and brush sampling, is a suitable research tool for early drug development. 
UDP-glucuronosyltransferase (UGT) 1A1 glucuronidates bilirubin, estrogens, and xenobiotic compounds. The UGT1A1*28 polymorphism results in lower promoter activity due to 7 thymine-adenine (TA) repeats rather than the more common 6 TA repeats. Previously, we showed that serum bilirubin, a marker of UGT1A1 activity, was lower among individuals homozygous for the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism (7/7) when randomized to a high fruit and vegetable (F&V) diet, whereas there was no effect in individuals with the wild-type (6/6) and heterozygous (6/7) genotypes. Our objective here was to determine if we could detect genotype x diet interactions on bilirubin concentrations in an observational study. Healthy nonsmoking men (n = 146) and women (n = 147), recruited from the Seattle area, provided blood samples for genotyping and bilirubin measurements. We used multiple linear regression to assess the relationships among UGT1A1 genotype, bilirubin concentrations, and consumption of specific F&V [cruciferous vegetables, citrus fruits, and soy foods (n = 268)] based on FFQ and F&V from 6 botanical families [Cruciferae, Rosaceae, Rutaceae, Umbelliferae, Solanaceae, and Leguminosae (n = 261)] based on 3-d food records. We observed a significant interaction of UGT1A1 genotype and citrus consumption among women. Women with the 7/7 genotype who consumed > or = 0.5 daily servings of citrus fruit or foods from the Rutaceae botanical family had approximately 30% lower serum bilirubin than those with the same genotype who consumed less, whereas 6/6 and 6/7 genotypes did not differ by consumption (P for interaction = 0.006 and 0.03, respectively). These results suggest that citrus consumption may increase UGT1A1 activity among women with the 7/7 genotype.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the validity of the Northern Sweden eighty-four-item FFQ to estimate intake of fatty acids relative to 24 h diet recalls (24-HDR) and fatty acids in erythrocyte membranes. DESIGN: Participants, randomly recruited from the population-based Vsterbotten Intervention Project, answered the eighty-four-item FFQ. During the following year each participant carried out ten 24-HDR. Intake of fatty acids measured by the FFQ was compared with intake by the 24-HDR and fatty acid levels in erythrocytes. SETTING: The county of Vsterbotten in northern Sweden. SUBJECTS: Ninety-six men and ninety-nine women. RESULTS: Spearman correlation coefficients (rs) between intakes of the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0, 16 : 0, 17 : 0, 18 : 2n-6, 18 : 3n-3, 20 : 5n-3 and 22 : 6n-3 estimated by the FFQ and the 24-HDR were all significant and ranged from 0.29 (22 : 6n-3 in men and women) to 0.60 (16 : 0 in men), whereas significant correlations between FFQ-estimated intake and erythrocyte membrane content were only seen for milk fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 (rs = 0.23-0.34) and fish fatty acids 20 : 5n-3 and 22 : 6n-3 (rs = 0.42-0.51). CONCLUSION: The Northern Sweden eighty-four-item FFQ gives a satisfactory estimate of the intake of fish fatty acids (20 : 5n-3 and 22 : 6n-3) and milk fatty acids (15 : 0 and 17 : 0), whereas its validity for fatty acids 18 : 2n-6 and 18 : 3n-3, derived mainly from vegetable oils, cannot be shown. 
The potential adverse effects on human health of hazardous waste incinerators (HWIs) are a subject of concern. The construction of the first and till now only HWI in Spain finished in 1999. In 2007, after approximately 9 years of regular operations in the facility, the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) were determined by HRGC/HRMS in samples of adipose tissue of 15 autopsied subjects living in the area under potential impact of the HWI (Constant, Tarragona County, Catalonia). These data were compared with the levels found in two previous surveys performed in 1998 (baseline) and 2002. The current mean PCDD/F concentration in adipose tissue was 14.6 pg WHO-TEQ/g of fat (range: 3.3-55.4 pg WHO-TEQ/g of fat). It means significant changes (a reduction of 64% and an increase of 47%) in the mean PCDD/F levels in comparison to those found in 1998 and 2002: 40.1 and 9.9 pg WHO-TEQ/g of fat, respectively. Women showed higher levels of PCDD/F than men (23.8 vs 11.2 pg WHO-TEQ/g of fat). The increase in the last 5 years would not be directly attributable to exposure to PCDD/F emitted by the HWI, as other biological monitors such as human plasma and milk decreased during the same period.
Bioaccumulation of endocrine disruptors in marine mammals positioned at the top of the food chain is of toxicological concern. Livers from four pups and ten adult harbor seals (Phoca vitulina) stranded in San Francisco Bay (SFB) and the Gulf of Maine (GOM) were analyzed for polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBs). We used GC-ECD and GC-NCI/MS to investigate the presence of 28 PCBs and 8 OH-PCB metabolites, respectively. Sigma(28)PCB concentrations (di- to octa-CBs) ranged from 1.81 to 35.9 microg/g lipid with a median of 6.53 for the seal pups and 2.31 to 249 microg/g lipid with a median of 28.9 for the adult seals. Sigma(8)OH-PCB concentrations (penta- to hepta-OH-PCBs) ranged from 0.02 to 0.69 microg/g lipid with a median of 0.04 for the adult seals, i.e., at much lower concentrations than those for PCBs. Ratios of OH-PCBs to PCBs (0.24% on average) were comparable to those in beluga whale, but were lower than ratios in human livers. The OH-PCB profiles were slightly different between SFB and GOM seal livers, although similar PCB congener patterns were observed. Generally, 4-OH-CB107 was found predominantly in seal livers and was the only OH-PCB detectable in most of seal pup livers. This study provides information on OH-PCBs in seals, adding to the scarce exposure data for these chemicals.
Several studies have shown that volatile compounds are particularly well-suited for the authentication lamb diet by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) analysis of adipose tissue. The aim of the present work was to use dynamic headspace-GC-MS to study the variations in the amounts of volatile diet tracers in perirenal fat (PRF) and caudal subcutaneous fat (CSCF) in lambs (n = 24) that were fed with concentrate and then allowed to graze for 0, 17, 51, or 85 days. Twenty-six volatile compounds were found to distinguish between the four diets (p < 0.05) in both PRF and CSCF. Of these diet tracers, 16 were found to be related to the pasture diet and increased at different rates according to the time spent at pasture (latency), while 10 were found in higher amounts in tissues of lambs fed with exclusive concentrate and exhibited different rates of clearance (persistence). Twenty-four of these discriminant compounds, including alkanes, ketones, terpenes, and 2,3-octanedione, were previously stated as pasture diet tracers in several earlier studies, suggesting their potential universality. All degrees of latency or persistence were exhibited by the pasture and concentrate diet tracers, respectively. A principal component analysis performed on ratios of selected diet tracers from both adipose tissues evidenced successful differentiation of the four feeding situations.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The present study was designed to assess the reproducibility of the two markers of adrenergic drive, venous plasma norepinephrine and efferent postganglionic muscle sympathetic nerve traffic (MSNA) in reflecting the sympathetic activation characterizing the obese state in human beings. METHODS AND RESULTS: In 15 male obese normotensive subjects (age: 40.1+/-2.2, mean+/-SEM) we measured, in two experimental sessions three weeks apart, blood pressure (BP, Finapres), heart rate (EKG), plasma norepinephrine (HPLC assay) and MSNA (microneurography, peroneal nerve). In each session three norepinephrine samples were obtained and norepinephrine reproducibility between sessions was assessed by considering a single norepinephrine sample or by averaging 2-3 samples. Reproducibility data were compared to the ones displayed by the MSNA technique. While MSNA values showed a highly significant correlation between sessions (r=0.89, p<0.001), norepinephrine values based on a single blood sample evaluation did not correlate with each other (r=0.44, p=NS). Norepinephrine correlation coefficient values increased and achieved statistical significance when average data from 3 blood samples were examined (r=0.56, p<0.03). CONCLUSIONS: In human obesity MSNA displays a reproducibility pattern higher than plasma norepinephrine. The reproducibility of the norepinephrine approach can be improved by increasing the number of blood samples on which norepinephrine assay is performed. To obtain such a goal, and to make reproducibility closer to the MSNA one, three norepinephrine samples are needed. 
The influence of different copper and zinc contents in rations on blood serum concentrations was tested in a feeding trial at the Institute of Animal Nutrition of the Federal Research Institute for Animal Health (FLI). A total of 60 German Holstein breed cows (38 first lactating and 22 second lactating cows) were tested. All animals received a diet based on maize- and grass silage ad libitum. The animals were divided into two groups with 30 cows each. Group A received concentrates supplemented with copper and zinc as recommended, whereas Group B was offered a concentrate with roughly double the amount of copper and zinc. Blood samples were taken several times during the lactation. The concentrations of copper and zinc in the serum were measured and correlations between trace element intake and their serum concentrations were calculated. The mean dry matter intake was significantly higher for cows in the second lactation (19.1 kg/day) than for cows in the first lactation (16.4 kg/day), whereas the DM-intake was constant in the different feeding groups (17.3 and 17.4 kg/day). The correlation between feed intake in the first and the second lactation was r = 0.76. The copper concentration in the serum was not influenced by the different feedings (11.9 and 12.5 micromol/l), but high variations were found between the cows. The influence of the lactation number was not significant (12.1 and 12.4 micromol/l). In contrast to copper, the zinc concentration in the serum was significantly higher for Group B (14.0 micromol/l) than for Group A (12.2 micromol/l), respectively, for second lactating cows (13.8 micromol/l) in relation to 12.7 micromol/l for first lactating cows. The individual variation was also high as for copper. Neither the correlation between copper intake and copper serum concentration nor the correlation between zinc intake and zinc serum concentration was significant.
The breast milk concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs; sum of eight congeners: BDE-28, 47, 99, 100, 153, 154, 183 and 209) were determined (by high resolution gas chromatographic high resolution mass spectrometry) in samples from primiparous women collected in 2006 in Tianjin, China. Dietary and lifestyle habits of the participants were obtained by questionnaires. The median total PBDE concentration (including BDE-28, 47, 99, 100, 153, 154, 183) was 2500 pg g(-1) lipid weight, ranging from 1700 to 4500 pg g(-1) lipid weight. These levels were in the same range as those from Europe and Japan but much lower than those from North America. The congener profile in China was also different from other countries. The contribution of BDE-28 was around 15%, much higher than any other country, implying that a different Penta-BDE formulation might be used in the Chinese market. The lower ratio of the sum of BDE-47, 99, and 100 to the sum of BDE-153 and 154 suggested that Octa-products were in more demand in China. A significant correlation was found between a woman's PBDE concentration and the time she used electronic appliances (h/d). This implies that electronics are a potential source of PBDEs to people. Inhalation or ingestion of particulate matter (such as dust) may also be an important exposure pathway. There was no significant correlation between the PBDE concentration and the consumption of meat, fish, and milk. Further research is needed to determine the specific contribution of each exposure route and their health effects.
The objective of this research was to determine the influence of dietary Se on various indicators of Se status and relative liver glutathione peroxidase 1 (GPx-1) messenger RNA (mRNA) levels in growing Holstein bull calves. Calves (n = 14, 7/diet) were started 28 d after birth on a Se-adequate (SeA) or Se-deficient diet (SeD) and maintained on the diet until 180 d of age. Blood samples were taken from each calf for determination of erythrocyte GPx-1 and plasma GPx-3 activities and plasma Se concentration on d 28 of age, every 28 d thereafter, and at 180 d of age. To assess liver Se and GPx-1 mRNA, 3 calves were first killed at d 21 of age for baseline (BSL) measurements, and 4 calves from each treatment were killed at trial conclusion. Feed intake and ADG were not affected (P = 0.62) by dietary Se concentrations. However, liver Se concentration was greater (P < 0.05) for BSL calves and SeA calves than SeD calves, but no difference (P = 0.68) was observed between BSL calves and SeA calves. Plasma Se was greater for SeA calves (P < 0.01) than for SeD calves by d 56 of age. The GPx-1 activity was greater in SeA calves (P < 0.01) by d 84 of age, whereas GPx-3 activity was greater in SeA calves, but not until d 180 of age (P < 0.01). There was a 50% decrease in GPx-1 mRNA for the SeD calves (P < 0.05) compared with SeA calves. Thus, relative GPx-1 mRNA transcript level is reflective of Se status in the bovine. Furthermore, 152 d on a semi-purified, SeD diet is adequate to create a Se deficiency in growing Holstein bull calves started on a SeD diet at 28 d of age.
Adequate folate status has an important role in the prevention of chronic and developmental diseases and is considered a potential public health issue. Therefore, valid tools for measuring the vitamin intake are needed. In our previous study a folate food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) designed to measure dietary folate equivalents was developed and validated among adult women against serum and erythrocyte (red blood cell) folate and plasma homocysteine. The aim of the present study was to validate the FFQ in vegetarians (n=75). The Pearson correlation for folate intake and biomarkers was 0.41, 0.36 and -0.15 for serum and red blood cell folate and plasma homocysteine, respectively. The quadratic weighted kappa value for biomarkers was above 0.2 and the gross misclassification of subjects into quartiles was less than 10%. The FFQ is a valid tool for measuring dietary folate equivalent intake in Croatian vegetarians.
The aim of the present study was to develop and validate a folate food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)1 designed to measure dietary folate equivalents. The self-administered FFQ containing 39 items and a reference period of 1 month (i.e. the previous month), was validated against three biomarkers: serum and erythrocyte (RBC) folate, and plasma homocysteine (Hcy). Subjects were women (n=99) between the ages of 21 and 87 years. The Pearson correlation coefficients for folate intake and biomarkers were 0.36, 0.34 and -0.25 for serum and RBC folate, and plasma Hcy, respectively. A principal component factor analysis was performed on the three biomarkers to calculate the folate status factor. The Pearson correlation for the folate status factor and folate intake was 0.39. The FFQ described in this study is a valid tool for measuring folate intake expressed as dietary folate equivalents in adult women and is suitable for future investigations about the relationship between folate and disease, or as an educational tool.
Low-grade and chronic inflammation related to excessive body weight can increase the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, whereas the intake of antioxidant nutrients appears to produce anti-inflammatory effects. The purpose of this observational study was to assess the potential relationships between serum SA levels, metabolic syndrome features, and dietary selenium intake to test the hypothesis that this antioxidant micronutrient may also have anti-inflammatory properties in healthy young adults. Forty-three healthy participants with a mean age of 18.0 +/- 0.93 years and a mean body mass index of 22.2 +/- 2.7 kg/m(2) were enrolled. Anthropometric, body composition, and blood pressure determinations were measured as well as serum lipid profile, glucose, insulin, and SA concentrations. Nutritional intake was estimated by a computerized, validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. The findings included a positive correlation between SA and triacylglycerol levels (r = 0.317, P = .038) and a trend to significance with the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance index (r = 0.297, P = .053). Moreover, subjects with higher dietary selenium intake showed statistically lower SA levels compared with subjects with lower dietary selenium intake (1.8 +/- 0.4 vs 2.1 +/- 0.4 mmol/L, P = .037), while dietary selenium negatively correlated with SA (r = -0.331, P = .030) and triacylglycerol levels (r = -0.312, P = .041). It can be concluded that a relationship of SA, an inflammatory marker, with metabolic syndrome features such as lipid profile impairment and insulin resistance has been envisaged. In addition, we report (apparently for the first time) a negative association between SA and selenium intake, a recognized antioxidant trace element, in healthy young subjects, reinforcing the view of selenium as a potential anti-inflammatory nutrient.
BACKGROUND: Limited information is available on the association between vitamin B-12 status and intake from different dietary sources. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the relation of dietary intake of different food items with plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations in the general population. DESIGN: A cross-sectional, population-based study of 5937 subjects in 2 age groups (47-49 and 71-74 y) from the Hordaland Homocysteine Study in Norway was conducted by using a food-frequency questionnaire and measurements of plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations. RESULTS: A significant difference in plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations was observed with increasing total vitamin B-12 intake. A plateau was reached at an intake of approximately 10 microg/d. Plasma vitamin B-12 was associated with intakes of increasing amounts of vitamin B-12 from dairy products or fish (P for trend <0.001 for both) but not with intakes of vitamin B-12 from meat or eggs. For the same content of vitamin B-12, intake from dairy products led to the greatest increase in plasma vitamin B-12. Total intake of vitamin B-12, particularly from milk and fish, decreased the risk of vitamin B-12 concentrations <200 pmol/L and impaired vitamin B-12 function (vitamin B-12 <200 pmol/L and methylmalonic acid >0.27 micromol/L) in the total group and in 71-74-y-old subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary intake of dairy products and fish are significant contributors to plasma vitamin B-12 and may improve plasma vitamin B-12 status. Vitamin B-12 appears to be more bioavailable from dairy products; guidelines for improving vitamin B-12 status should take this into consideration. 
BACKGROUND: Most human metabolomics studies have shown that spectral outputs of (1)H nuclear magnetic resonance fingerprinting are strongly influenced by inter- and intra-individual variations; however, few studies have been performed to evaluate the inter- and intra-individual variations in urinary endogenous metabolites. METHODS: We recruited 30 male college students to evaluate the factors affecting intra- and inter-individual variations in urinary endogenous metabolites. Statistical analysis for variations in urinary metabolites was performed after eliminating outliers found in principal component analysis (PCA) plots. RESULTS: Inter-individual variations were relatively low for 2-oxoglutarate, succinate, citrate, dimethylglycine, and taurine, but high for trimethylaminoxide (TMAO), hippurate, and lactate. Intra-individual variations for 2-oxoglutarate, citrate, dimethylglycine, and taurine were relatively low, but high for TMAO and hippurate. The factors affecting inter-individual variation of lactate were age, body mass index, beverages, and alcohol, whereas the factors affecting intra-individual variation of lactate were age and fish. Kim Chi intake affected the inter-individual variation of succinate, citrate, TMAO, and hippurate; however, it did not affect the intra-individual variation of endogenous metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed that inter- and intra-individual variations in urinary endogenous metabolites were very large, and significant factors affecting inter- and intra-individual variation were diverse, even after eliminating outliers in PCA analysis. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: Because of the importance and prevalence of incontinence among women, there is increasing interest in the development and use of well-constructed questionnaires studying quality of life. Also, there is a paucity of information on QOL in non-Western women suffering from urinary incontinence. The aim of this study was to translate the original English version of the I-QOL and to assess the reliability and validity of this questionnaire in Iranian patients with urinary incontinence. METHODS: Four hundred women with urinary incontinence completed the Persian version of the questionnaire. By Cronbach's alpha coefficient, the intraclass correlation coefficient, and confirmatory factor analysis, the reliability and validity of the questionnaire were assessed. RESULTS: The median age of the respondents was 48 years (range 27-90). The overall I-QOL summary score showed internal consistency of 0.96 (Cronbach's alpha). The intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.96 for the total score. The range of correlation between the I-QOL total score and the subscales of the Sf-36 and the Psychological General Well-Being (PGWB) questionnaires were between 0.47 to 0.59 and 0.52 to 0.61 respectively. CONCLUSION: The Persian version of the I-QOL can be used for measuring QOL in urinary incontinent women in Iran. 
OBJECTIVE: The present study aimed to estimate the lutein concentration in human milk during early lactation and its relationship with dietary lutein intake measured through the administration of a short FFQ. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study in which an FFQ was administered twice: on day 3 (T0) and day 30 (T1) postpartum; meanwhile two breast milk samples were collected. Maternal plasma samples were obtained at T0. The comparison of dietary lutein intakes and likewise lutein concentrations in breast milk at T0 and T1 were analysed with Student's t test. Pearson's correlation coefficient was used to determine the association between dietary lutein intake and lutein concentration in milk and plasma, respectively, as well as the correlation between breast milk and plasma lutein concentrations at T0. SETTING: Pavia, northern Italy. SUBJECTS: Twenty-one pregnant women, age range 24-42 years, were recruited during their last trimester on a voluntary basis. RESULTS: Both breast milk and plasma lutein concentrations were significantly correlated with dietary lutein intake (r = 0.86, P = 0.0001 and r = 0.94, P = 0.0001, respectively). There was a clear significant correlation between milk and plasma lutein concentrations (r = 0.87, P = 0.0001). Mature milk lutein concentration, although significantly reduced at T1 (P < 0.01), maintained a fairly high correlation with dietary lutein intake (r = 0.82, P = 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Even though milk lutein concentration decreased during early lactation, it remained significantly correlated with daily lutein intake. Therefore, while awaiting further research, dietary recommendations advising intake of fresh fruit and vegetables rich in lutein, throughout the whole duration of pregnancy and lactation, are extremely useful. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are emerging persistent organic pollutants (POPs). Since the 1970s, PBDEs have been widely used as additive flame retardants in furniture and electronic equipment. Due to their wide use and persistent nature, these chemicals are found in the environment, human blood, breast milk and other tissues in increasing levels in recent decades. PBDEs are similar to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in structure and toxicity. However, unlike PCBs and PCDDs/PCDFs, the route of PBDE exposure is not almost exclusively through food. PBDE levels in US food are not markedly higher than in Europe, although US human blood and milk levels are an order of magnitude higher. For these reasons, other possible routes of PBDE exposure have been investigated to understand PBDE intake into humans. PBDE contaminated clothes dryer lint and household dust are indicators of indoor contamination and may be sources of human exposure through hand-to-mouth contact or dermal absorption. There are very few publications about PBDEs in US or European lint. Household dryer lint from 12 US and seven German homes were analyzed for PBDEs by gas chromatography coupled to high-resolution mass spectrometry. We found the median US total PBDE levels were more than 10 times higher than median German levels and the mean US levels were two times higher than mean German levels. The US levels ranged from 321 to 3073ngg(-1) (median: 803ngg(-1), mean: 1138ngg(-1)) and the German levels were from 330 to 2069ngg(-1) (median: 71ngg(-1), mean: 361ngg(-1)). PBDE contamination of lint was found in all samples; the source of the PBDEs may be from dryer electrical components and/or dust deposition onto clothing.
BACKGROUND: In southern Europe, calcium supplementation alone is a common practice for osteoporosis prevention. The present study aimed to examine whether calcium supplementation alone could be as effective in achieving favourable changes on bone metabolism indices of Greek post-menopausal women as a holistic dietary approach combining consumption of dairy products fortified with calcium and vitamin D(3) and nutrition counselling sessions for five winter months. METHODS: A sample of 101 post-menopausal women was randomised to a dairy intervention group (IG: n = 39), receiving approximately 1200 mg of calcium and 7.5 microg of vitamin D(3) per day via fortified dairy products and attending biweekly nutrition counselling sessions; a calcium-supplemented group (SG: n = 26) receiving a total of 1200 mg calcium per day; and a control group (CG: n = 36). RESULTS: Regarding insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, a higher increase was observed for the IG compared to the changes in the CG and the SG (P = 0.049). Regarding serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels, the increase observed in the CG was higher than the changes observed in the other two groups but the differences were of marginal significance (P = 0.055). No significant differences were observed among groups regarding the changes in serum osteocalcin and type I collagen cross-linked C-telopeptide levels. CONCLUSIONS: The application of a holistic intervention approach combining nutrition counselling and consumption of fortified dairy products for five winter months induced some more favourable changes in IGF-I and PTH levels compared to calcium supplementation alone. Intervention periods longer than 5 months might be required to achieve significant differences among groups for bone remodelling biomarkers as well. 
AIMS: Type 2 diabetes in humans is associated with hypercoaguability; however, little is known about platelet function in mouse models of type 2 diabetes used to study this disorder. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to examine platelet aggregation, coagulation, and markers of platelet activation in a diet-induced mouse model of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Four week old, male, C57BL/6J mice were randomized to a standard chow or high fat (60% beef lard) diet for 4 months. To examine platelet function we measured ADP-induced whole blood aggregometry, whole blood coagulation by thromboelastography, tail bleeding times, platelet microparticle and platelet expression of p-selectin and platelet expression of CD61 by flow cytometry. RESULTS: Diabetic mice exhibited less aggregation (p<0.05), less coagulation (p<0.01), prolonged tail bleeding times (n.s.), and lower agonist stimulated platelet CD61 expression (p<0.001) compared to non-diabetic mice. There was no difference in platelet microparticle and platelet p-selectin expression. CONCLUSIONS: Diet-induced type 2 diabetic mouse do not demonstrate the hypercoagulability and platelet activation typically observed in humans with this disorder. More studies are warranted to further explore platelet function in this mouse model; to determine their applicability for studying these alterations in type 2 diabetes. 
Cruciferous vegetables (CVs) have been widely studied for their anticarcinogenic properties. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the protective effect of broccoli intake in smokers and nonsmokers. Twenty young healthy males (10 smokers and 10 nonsmokers) were randomized in a cross-over design and received a portion of broccoli (200 g) or maintained a controlled diet for 10 days each. The two periods were separated by a wash-out period (20 days). Blood samples were collected at 0, 10, 30, and 40 days and used for the evaluation of DNA damage, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and histone deacetylase (HDAC). Ex vivo protection from H(2)O(2)-induced DNA damage and endogenous DNA damage were evaluated in lymphocytes by means of the comet assay. Strand breaks decreased significantly after the broccoli diet in smokers as well as in nonsmokers (-22.2%; P < 0.0001), whereas oxidized purines decreased significantly only in smokers (-51.0%; P < 0.0001). Broccoli intake did not modify HDAC activity and IGF-I serum levels. Our results strengthen the importance of consuming CVs to increase cell protection against DNA damage. Future investigation, with different amount of broccoli and/or different time of exposure, is needed to understand the lack of effect on HDAC activity and IGF-I levels.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is a plasticizer used in consumer and medical products that can cross the placenta, disrupt steroid hormone synthesis, and activate peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. The authors examined DEHP exposure in relation to the timing of labor in a pregnancy cohort study of 283 women recruited in 4 US states (California, Iowa, Minnesota, and Missouri) between 2000 and 2004. The authors estimated associations between concentrations of DEHP metabolites and gestational age at delivery using linear regression models and associations between DEHP metabolites and clinical outcomes using logistic regression models. After covariate adjustment, women at the 75th percentile of DEHP metabolite concentrations had a 2-day-longer mean length of gestation than women at the 25th percentile (95% confidence interval: 1.4, 3.3). Log-unit increases in mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate and mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl phthalate concentrations were associated with increased odds of cesarean section delivery (30% and 50% increased odds, respectively), increased odds of delivering at 41 weeks or later (100% and 120% increased odds), and reduced odds of preterm delivery (50% and 60% decreased odds). These data suggest that DEHP may interfere with signaling related to the timing of parturition.
Evidence supports active smoking as a major source of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH), compounds that are mutagenic and carcinogenic in humans. The influence of involuntary exposure to tobacco smoke on PAH exposure levels among nonsmokers, however, is unknown. This study evaluated the association between both active and involuntary tobacco smoke and biomarkers of PAH exposure in the general U.S. population. A cross-sectional analysis of 5,060 participants>or=6 years of age was done using data from the 1999-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). PAH exposure was measured by urinary concentrations of 23 monohydroxylated metabolites of nine PAH compounds. Tobacco smoke exposure was defined as no exposure, involuntary exposure, and active exposure by combining serum cotinine levels, smoking status, and presence of household smokers. PAH metabolite levels ranged from 33.9 ng/L for 9-hydroxyphenanthrene to 2,465.4 ng/L for 2-hydroxynaphthalene. After adjustment for age, sex, race/ethnicity, education, household income, and broiled/grilled food consumption, participants involuntarily and actively exposed to tobacco smoke had urinary metabolite concentrations that were increased by a factor of 1.1 to 1.4 and 1.5 to 6.9, respectively, compared with unexposed participants. Associations for involuntary smoking were stronger and statistically significant for 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 3-hydroxyfluorene, 9-hydroxyfluorene, 1-hydroxyphenanthrene, 2-hydroxyphenanthrene, and 3-hydroxyphenanthrene compared with other metabolites. Involuntary exposure to tobacco smoke was associated with elevated urinary concentrations of most PAH metabolites in a representative sample of the U.S. population. Policy and educational efforts must continue to minimize PAH exposure through active and involuntary tobacco smoke exposure.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Urine sediment interpretation is frequently used in the evaluation of patients with kidney disease. There has been no systematic evaluation of the reliability of this diagnostic maneuver. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: Digital photographs of urine sediment images were acquired from 165 consecutive patients being evaluated by the nephrology consultation service at a tertiary care hospital. Urine sediment images of 100 patients were randomly selected; 86 patients had images that were deemed to be of sufficient quality, and one image per patient was chosen for inclusion in an internet-based questionnaire. For each image, the presence or absence of 14 potential urinary structures was ascertained. Ten nephrologists (senior readers [n = 3]: >10 yr of experience; intermediate readers [n = 3]: 1 to 10 yr of experience; and junior readers [n = 4]: first year of practice) completed the questionnaire. For each urinary structure, we measured the rate of complete agreement among the readers as well as the kappa statistic as a marker of agreement beyond chance. RESULTS: Unanimous agreement was highest (79.1%) regarding the presence of broad and fatty casts and poorest (31.4%) for the identification of dysmorphic red blood cells and white blood cells. Interobserver agreement was best for squamous epithelial cells (kappa = 0.54) and hyaline casts (kappa = 0.52) and worst for transitional epithelial cells (kappa = 0.14) and fatty casts (kappa = 0.06). When assessed within strata of physician experience, interobserver agreement was not associated with seniority. CONCLUSIONS: Nephrologists achieved slight to moderate agreement in the identification of structures that are commonly observed in the urine sediment. 
OBJECTIVES: The EORTC Quality of Life (QL) Group has developed a questionnaire, the EORTC QLQ-PR25, for evaluating QL in prostate cancer. The aim of this study is to assess the psychometric properties of the EORTC QLQPR25 when applied to a sample of Spanish patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: One hundred and thirty-seven prostate cancer patients with localised disease who started radiotherapy with radical intention combined with or without hormonotherapy prospectively completed the EORTC QLQ-C30 and EORTC QLQ-PR25 questionnaires three times: on the first and last day of radiotherapy and in the follow-up period. Psychometric evaluation of the questionnaires' structure, reliability and validity was conducted. RESULTS: Multitrait scaling analysis showed that many of the item-scale correlation coefficients met the standards of convergent and discriminant validity. Exceptions appeared mainly in the scales for bowel symptoms and for hormonal- treatment-related symptoms. Cronbach's coefficients of the scales were good (0.72-0.86) for the urinary symptoms and sexual function scales but they were lower (<0.70) for the bowel and hormonal treatment scales. Most scales of the EORTC QLQ-PR25 had low to moderate intercorrelations. Correlations between the scales of the QLQ-C30 and the module were generally low. Group comparison analyses showed better QL in patients with higher Performance Status. Changes in QL appeared throughout the measurements. These were in line with the treatment process. CONCLUSIONS: The EORTC QLQ-PR25 was a reliable and valid instrument when applied to a sample of Spanish prostate cancer patients. These results are in line with those of the EORTC validation study. 
We present an assay which employs enzyme digestion and solid phase extraction followed by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry to simultaneously quantify 16 hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OHPAHs) in 3-ml samples of urine. The analytes consisted of 2-, 3-, and 4-ring OHPAHs, namely, 1- and 2-hydroxynaphthalene (1- and 2-OHNAP), 2-hydroxyfluorine (2-OHFLU), 1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene (1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, and 9-OHPHE), 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHPYR), 1- and 2-hydroxybenzo(a)anthracene (1- and 2-OHBAA), 3- and 6-hydroxychrysene (3- and 6-OHCHR) and 3-, 7-, and 9-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene (3-, 7-, and 9-OHBAP). The method was validated using urine samples from steel workers and control subjects. The coefficients of variation of the method for the particular analytes were between 7% and 27% and the limits of quantitation were between 0.002 and 0.010 microg/l urine. The 2- and 3-ring OHPAHs were easily quantified in all subjects. However, 1-OHPYR was the only representative of the 4- and 5-ring metabolites that could be quantified. Pairwise correlations showed that all OHPAHs were highly correlated with each other (0.553<or=r<or=0.910) and with 1-OHPYR (0.614<or=r<or=0.910), the metabolite most widely accepted as a short-term biomarker of exposure to PAHs. The analyte, 2-OHNAP exhibited the lowest pairwise correlations with the other OHPAHs (0.542<or=r<or=0.628), presumably due to confounding by smoking. Metabolites of phenanthrene, an abundant PAH and the smallest to possess a bay region, are promising OHPAHs for characterizing both exposures to PAHs and the various metabolic pathways.
There is a growing interest in the role that cancer biomarkers, metastasis-related molecules, and chemokines may play in the development and progression of various cancers. However, few studies have addressed the reliability of such biomarkers in healthy individuals over time. The objective of this study was to investigate the temporal reliability of multiple proteins in serum samples from healthy women who donated blood over successive years. Thirty five, postmenopausal women with two, repeated annual visits, and thirty, premenopausal women with three, repeated annual visits were randomly selected among eligible subjects from an existing, prospective cohort. Multiplexing Luminex xMAPTM technology was used to measure the levels of 55 serum proteins representing cancer antigens, chemokines, angiogenic and anti-angiogenic factors, proteases, adipokines, apoptotic molecules, and other markers in these women. The biomarkers with high detection rates (> 60%) and acceptable reliability (intraclass correlation coefficient, ICCs > or = 0.55) using xMAPTM method were: cancer antigens: AFP, CA 15-3, CEA, CA-125, SCC, SAA; growth factors/related molecules: ErbB2, IGFBP-1; proteases and adhesion molecules: MMP-1, 8, 9, sE-selectin, human kallikreins (KLK) 8,10, ICAM-1, VCAM-1, chemokines: fractalkine, MCP-1,2, RANTES, MIP-1alpha, MIP-1beta, Eotaxin, GRO-alpha, IP-10; inhibitors of angiogenesis: angiostatin and endostatin; adipokines leptin and resistin; apoptotic factor: Fas, and other proteins mesothelin, myeloperoxidase (MPO), and PAI-1. The rest of the biomarkers under investigation either had ICCs less than 0.55 or had low levels of detection (< 60%). These included cancer antigens: CA 19-9, CA 72-4, MICA, S100, TTR, ULBP1, ULBP2, ULBP3; proteases: MMP 2, 3, 7, 12, 13; chemokines: MCP-3, MIF, MIG; adipokines: leptin and resistin; apoptotic factors: FasL, DR5, Cyfra 21-1; and inhibitors of angiogenesis and other markers: thrombospondin and heat shock protein (HSP) 27. In conclusion, 34 out of the 55 biomarkers investigated were present in detectable levels in > 60% of the samples, and with an ICC > or = 0.55, indicating that a single serum measurement can be used in prospective epidemiological studies using the xMAPTM method.
Phthalates are chemicals employed in several industrial products and there is a growing body of evidence demonstrating that they induce numerous adverse effects on the reproductive system. This study was carried out to assess possible alterations induced by the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) on cholesterol, testosterone, and thyroxine (total T4) levels, as well as to discuss the significance of these data in global changes observed in the reproductive tract of pubertal animals. Wistar rats aged 21 days received DEHP orally at 0, 250, 500, and 750 mg/kg/day for 30 days and were examined for different reproductive endpoints. At the end of the treatment, significant decreases in relative weight of testosterone-dependent organs, delayed preputial separation, and low serum testosterone were observed at the highest DEHP dose. The plot of the relationship between DEHP dose and serum cholesterol revealed a biphasic effect. The concentration of cholesterol in serum was significantly reduced at 250 mg/kg/day DEHP but returned to control values at 750 mg/kg/day. Cholesterol levels measured in testicular tissue increased with DEHP treatment. Serum T4 levels were not affected by DEHP at any dose, indicating the absence of a link between total thyroxin concentration and phthalate effects on cholesterol levels. Taken together these results indicate that effects observed in serum and testicular cholesterol levels may reflect distinct effects of DEHP on cholesterol synthesis and usage. These results confirm and extend previously reported findings showing that alterations in cholesterol balance may play a role in the suppression of steroidogenesis induced by DEHP in rats.
Experimental evidence suggests that monoamine oxidase B (MAO-B) and muscarinic cholinergic receptors (mAChRs) are involved in the pathogenesis of neurotoxicity caused by methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Blood samples from 7-year-old exposed children were analyzed for platelet MAO-B and lymphocyte mAChRs as potential markers of exposure to these neurotoxicants. The blood neurotoxicity biomarkers were compared with prenatal and current exposures and with neuropsychological test results. Both biomarkers showed homogeneous distributions within this cohort (mAChR, range 0.04-36.78 fmol/million cells; MAO-B, 0.95-14.95 nmol mg(-1) protein h(-1)). No correlation was found between the two biomarkers and either blood neurotoxicant concentrations or clinical findings. MAO-B and mAChR sensitivity may not be sufficiently high to assess early, subclinical responses to low/moderate methylmercury and/or PCB exposure, whereas these markers are significantly altered in sustained exposure scenarios, as shown by clinical studies in drug addicts or patients treated with psychopharmacological agents.
BACKGROUND: Urinary arsenic metabolites (UAs) are used as biomarkers of exposure and metabolism. OBJECTIVES: To characterize inter- and intraindividual variability in UAs in healthy individuals. METHODS: In a longitudinal study conducted in Bangladesh, we collected water and spot urine samples from 196 participants every 3 months for 2 years. Water arsenic (As) was measured by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry and urinary As [arsenite, arsenate, monomethylarsonic acid (MMA), and dimethylarsinic acid (DMA)] were detected using high-performance liquid chromatography-hydride-generated atomic absorption spectrometry. We used linear mixed-effects models to compute variance components and evaluate the association between UAs and selected factors. RESULTS: The concentrations of UAs were fairly reproducible within individuals, with intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) of 0.41, 0.35, 0.47, and 0.49 for inorganic As (InAs), MMA, DMA, and total urinary As (TUA). However, when expressed as a ratio, the percent InAs (%InAs), %MMA, and %DMA were poorly reproducible within individuals, with ICCs of 0.16, 0.16, and 0.17, respectively. Arsenic metabolism was significantly associated with sex, exposure, age, smoking, chewing betel nut, urinary creatinine, and season. Specificity and sensitivity analyses showed that a single urine sample adequately classified a participant's urinary As profile as high or low, but TUA had only moderate specificity for correctly classifying drinking water exposures. CONCLUSIONS: Epidemiologic studies should use both urinary As concentrations and the relative proportion of UAs to minimize measurement error and to facilitate interpretation of factors that influence As metabolism. 
BACKGROUND: Dermatitis herpetiformis (DH) is a cutaneous manifestation of gluten-sensitive enteropathy (celiac disease). Patients with DH demonstrate circulating IgA antibodies against epidermal transglutaminase (eTG) and tissue transglutaminase (tTG). It has been suggested that eTG is the autoantigen of DH. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to characterize the autoimmune response to eTG and tTG in patients with DH on a normal or gluten-free diet (GFD). METHODS: Sera from 52 patients with DH were studied for the presence of IgA antibodies to eTG and tTG by enzyme-linked immunosorbant assay. In 38 patients, serum was obtained before initiation of a GFD, whereas 14 patients had been on a GFD for at least 2 years. RESULTS: Autoantibodies against eTG were detected in 36 of 38 patients (95%) and those against tTG in 30 of 38 patients (79%) with DH on a normal diet. Of 14 patients on a long-term GFD, 7 patients were free of DH lesions and did not require dapsone treatment. None of these patients showed circulating antibodies against eTG or tTG. The remaining 7 patients on a GFD were not able to stop taking dapsone. All these patients demonstrated anti-eTG antibodies, whereas only 3 of them showed additional reactivity against tTG. LIMITATION: Autoantibody levels against eTG and tTG before and after introduction of a GFD were not examined in the same patients. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that antibodies to eTG are the most sensitive serologic marker in treated and untreated patients with DH and confirm the central role of eTG in the pathogenesis of this disease. 
BACKGROUND: Genetic background can influence the expected values of hematologic and serum biochemical analytes in domestic animal species. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine if there are breed-related differences in serum biochemical variables in healthy purebred dogs of 4 breeds and to develop appropriate reference intervals. METHODS: Alaskan Malamutes (n=59), Siberian Huskies (n=78), Golden Retrievers (n=90), and English Setters (n=77) were included in the study. The dogs had a median age of 42 months (range 10-112 months) and each breed included a mix of intact and neutered dogs of both sexes. Serum biochemical profiles (Olympus AU400e) were performed along with physical examinations, CBCs, and urinalyses to ensure dogs were clinically healthy. Differences in the values of biochemical analytes were assessed nonparametrically and reference intervals for all breeds combined were calculated as the central 95% percentile. RESULTS: Significant differences were observed between breeds for all serum biochemical analytes except alkaline phosphatase, glucose, and chloride. The analyte ranges had a large degree of overlap between the different breeds. CONCLUSIONS: Although many statistically significant breed-related differences in serum biochemical values were observed, the differences were small and unlikely to have clinical relevance or impact medical decision making. 
At calving, many older cows fail to compensate the sudden demand of calcium by an adequate activation of intestinal absorption. This results in a variable degree of hypocalcaemia. Reducing intestinal availability of calcium during the close-up period can prevent milk fever. Fat-coated rice bran (FCRB) was investigated for its potential to reduce Ca availability in pre-calving cows. Fat-coated rice bran was incubated in situ to estimate ruminal degradation of dry matter and phytic acid. Also, seven dry multiparous dairy cows were used for a feeding trial in three periods of approximately 1 week each: P1: adaptation; P2: feeding of 2 kg of FCRB and P3: withdrawal of FCRB. Feed intake was recorded and daily urine samples were analysed for pH, Ca and creatinine. The bypass fraction of phytic acid (passage rate: 5%/h) was 30%. Fat-coated rice bran depressed dry matter intake in P2, resulting in a lower Ca intake. In P2 urine pH and calcium excretion were lower. Daily calcium excretion decreased after introduction of FCRB, peaked after withdrawal and dropped 2 days later. Changes in urinary Ca excretion by feeding FCRB indicate that FCRB affected Ca homeostasis in dry multiparous dairy cows.
Regulatory CD4+ CD25+Foxp3+ T cells are involved in the regulation of immune response and inhibit protective antitumor immunity. Celiac disease (CD), a food gluten-sensitive enteropathy, is considered a T-cell-mediated autoimmune disease and is generally associated with an overall increased risk of cancer in CD patients. We observed a higher percentage of circulating CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T cells and an increased Foxp3 expression in CD4+CD25+ T cells from untreated than from treated CD patients. In co-culture, CD4+CD25+ T cells from both treated and untreated CD patients significantly suppressed the proliferation of autologous CD4+CD25(-) T cells similarly to values in healthy subjects. Our study suggests that Treg proportion and Foxp3 expression in circulating CD4+CD25+ T cells could justify the increased global risk of malignancy in CD population and support the efficacy of lifelong gluten-free diet in the reduction of the cancer risk.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate FFQ estimates of dietary intake of individual antioxidants, fruit and vegetables in comparison to plasma concentrations of each antioxidant, and to determine which individual foods are associated with plasma antioxidant concentrations. DESIGN: Dietary (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein/zeaxanthin, lycopene, retinol, and vitamin E) intakes over 12 months were estimated from a 121-item FFQ. Correlation coefficients, corrected for within-person variability in diet and plasma antioxidants, were used to examine associations between antioxidant concentrations in diet and plasma. SETTING: Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study (MCCS). SUBJECTS: Men and women (n 3110) who were randomly selected from the MCCS. Participants were aged 36-72 years and were born in Australia, Greece, Italy or the UK. RESULTS: Correlation coefficients for the carotenoids ranged from 0.28 for lycopene to 0.46 for beta-cryptoxanthin. There was no association between dietary and plasma retinol or dietary vitamin E with plasma alpha- and gamma-tocopherol. Individual plasma carotenoid concentrations were associated with intakes of fruit and vegetables. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that the FFQ provides useful information on intakes of each of the carotenoids: alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lycopene and lutein/zeaxanthin. There was no association between diet and plasma markers of retinol or vitamin E; this may reflect the importance of factors other than intake in modifying circulating levels of these nutrients. 
BACKGROUND: Assessment of fluid responsiveness is an important topic in acute cardiology. Echocardiographic measurement of respiratory variations of aortic blood velocity in ventilated shock patients can accurately predict the effect of volume expansion. On the other hand, it remains unclear whether this respiratory variability is a common physiological reaction to hypovolaemia and whether its measurement is applicable also in spontaneously breathing patients. AIM: To assess whether respiratory variability of peak aortic blood flow velocity (DVpeakao) and of aortic velocity time integral (DVTIao) reflects preload-dependent changes of cardiac index (CI) and whether it predicts fluid responsiveness in healthy spontaneously breathing volunteers. METHODS: DVpeakao, DVTIao and CI were measured by transthoracic echocardiography in 20 volunteers at baseline and after intravenous administration of furosemide (0.5 mg/kg). Afterwards, volunteers were randomised to rapid intravenous volume expansion (group A) or no expansion (group B) and assessed finally. RESULTS: Hypovolaemia induction was associated with a decrease of CI (from 3.25 +/- 0.50 to 2.28 +/- 0.43 l/min/m2, p < 0.001) which correlated with an increase of DVpeakao (r = -0.490, p = 0.028) and DVTIao (r = -0.554, p = 0.011) in both groups. In group A, volume expansion was followed by a drop of DVpeakao (from 16.04 +/- 1.99 to 2.97 +/- 1.65 %, p < 0.001) and DVTIao (from 20.43 +/- 5.13 to 3.43 +/- 1.68 %, p < 0.001) and CI increase (from 2.14 +/- 0.47 to 3.29 +/- 0.57 l/min/m2, p < 0.001). This increase strongly correlated with the value of DVpeakao (r = 0.782, p = 0.008) and DVTIao (r = 0.770, p = 0.009) before volume expansion. Conversely, there was no change of measured parameters in group B. Threshold values of 14% for DVaopeak and 17% for DVTIao were identified to predict fluid responsiveness (increase of CI > 15%) with a sensitivity of 89% and specificity of 100%. CONCLUSIONS: DVpeakao and DVTIao reflect preload-dependent changes of CI in healthy spontaneously breathing volunteers and predict fluid responsiveness. 
Maternal n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status may influence birth outcomes and child health. We assessed second trimester maternal diet with food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) (n=1666), mid-pregnancy maternal erythrocyte PUFA concentrations (n=1550), and umbilical cord plasma PUFA concentrations (n=449). Mean (SD) maternal intake of total n-3 PUFA was 1.17 g/d (0.43), docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids (DHA+EPA) 0.16 g/d (0.17), and total n-6 PUFA 12.25 g/d (3.25). Mean maternal erythrocyte and cord plasma PUFA concentrations were 7.0% and 5.2% (total n-3), 5.0% and 4.6% (DHA+EPA), and 27.9% and 31.4% (total n-6). Mid-pregnancy diet-blood and blood-blood correlations were strongest for DHA+EPA (r=0.38 for diet with maternal blood, r=0.34 for diet with cord blood, r=0.36 for maternal blood with cord blood), and less strong for n-6 PUFA. The FFQ is a reliable measure of elongated PUFA intake, although inter-individual variation is present.
The purpose of this study was to assess the repeatability of a dual gradient-recalled echo (GRE) muscle functional MRI technique. On 2 days, subjects (n = 8) performed 10 s isometric dorsiflexion contractions under conditions of: (1) maximal voluntary contraction (MVC), (2) 50% MVC (50% MVC), or (3) 50% MVC with concurrent proximal arterial cuff occlusion (50% MVC(cuff)). Functional MRI data were acquired using single-slice dual GRE (TR/TE = 1000/6, 46 ms)-echo planar imaging for 20 s before, during, and for 180 s after each contraction. The mean signal intensity (SI) time courses at each TE (SI(6) and SI(46), reflecting variations in blood volume and %HbO(2), respectively) from the tibialis anterior (TA) and extensor digitorum longus (EDL) muscles were characterized with the post-contraction change in SI and the time-to-peak SI (DeltaSI and TTP, respectively). DeltaSI(6) following an MVC was 36% higher than that obtained after a 50% MVC (p = 0.048). For DeltaSI(6), the highest intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs) were observed for the TA muscle in the 50% MVC and MVC conditions, with values of 0.83 (p = 0.01) and 0.88 (p = 0.005), respectively. Bland-Altman plots revealed repeatability coefficients (RCs) for the 50% MVC and MVC conditions in the TA muscle of 1.9 and 1.4, respectively. The most repeatable measures for DeltaSI(46) were obtained for the 50% MVC and MVC conditions in the EDL muscle (p = 0.01 and p = 0.04, respectively). Bland-Altman plots revealed RC's for 50% MVC and MVC conditions in the EDL muscle of 3.9 and 5.7, respectively. DeltaSI(6) and DeltaSI(46) increased as a function of the contraction intensity. The repeatability of the method depends on the muscle and contraction condition being evaluated, and in general, is higher following an MVC.
BACKGROUND: Circulating estrogens and androgens are important factors in the development of various female cancers. Caffeine intake may decrease risk of breast and ovarian cancer, although the data are not entirely consistent. Whether or not caffeine affects cancer risk by altering sex hormone levels is currently unknown. METHODS: We examined the relationship of caffeine, coffee, decaffeinated coffee, and tea with plasma concentrations of estrogens, androgens, progesterone, prolactin, and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) in 524 premenopausal and 713 postmenopausal women from the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and NHSII. RESULTS: In premenopausal women, caffeine intake was inversely associated with luteal total and free estradiol, and positively associated with luteal progesterone levels (P-trend = .02, .01, .03, respectively). Coffee intake was significantly associated with lower luteal total and free estradiol levels, but not luteal progesterone levels (P-trend = .007, .004, .20, respectively). Among the postmenopausal women, there was a positive association between caffeine and coffee intake and SHBG levels (P-trend = .03 and .06, respectively). No significant associations were detected with the other hormones. CONCLUSIONS: Data from this cross-sectional study suggest that caffeine may alter circulating levels of luteal estrogens and SHBG, representing possible mechanisms by which coffee or caffeine may be associated with pre- and postmenopausal malignancies, respectively. Future studies evaluating how caffeine-mediated alterations in sex hormones and binding protein levels affect the risk of female cancers are warranted. 
This study was designed with the aim to compare sensitivity and specificity of ethyl glucuronide in hair (HEtG) and carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) in serum as markers of heavy drinking. Eighty-six volunteers, including teetotalers, social, and heavy drinkers, were interviewed to evaluate their ethanol daily intake (EDI) during the last 2-week and 3-month periods. HEtG determination was performed by a fully validated LC-MS-MS procedure and ranged from <LOD (2 pg/mg) to 890.5 pg/mg. CDT was measured by immunonephelometry or by HPLC. Sensitivity and specificity of the two markers as indicators of an EDI higher than 60 g/day were calculated, with cut-off at 27 pg/mg (HEtG) and 2.5% (CDT). Considering the EDI of the last 2 weeks, HEtG showed equal selectivity (0.93 for both HEtG and CDT-immunonephelometry; 0.70 for both HEtG and CDT-HPLC) and 2 times the sensitivity of either of the two CDT methods (1.00 vs. 0.44 for CDT-immunonephelometry; 0.96 vs. 0.50 for CDT-HPLC). The same difference in performances but with higher absolute sensitivity and selectivity values for HEtG were observed considering the EDI of the last 3-months (selectivity: 1.00 for both HEtG and CDT-immunonephelometry, 0.89 and 0.78 for HEtG and CDT-HPLC, respectively; sensitivity: 1.00 vs. 0.47 for CDT-immunonephelometry; 0.98 vs. 0.51 for CDT-HPLC). Our results indicate that HEtG, as compared to CDT measured using different methods, is a selective marker of ethanol heavy chronic use providing considerably higher sensitivity.
Little data exist on vitamin D deficiency related with intake, especially for the Canadian population. The purpose of this study was to develop and evaluate a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with 37 items for rapid assessment of vitamin D intake in healthy young adults of diverse ancestry. We recruited 107 subjects in Southern Ontario during the late winter of 2007 who completed an FFQ twice (FFQ-1 and FFQ-2, repeated for reproducibility assessment) and a 7-day food diary (for validation). Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), the major biomarker of vitamin D nutritional status, and skin melanin were determined. The FFQ results were highly correlated with 7-day diary results and with serum 25(OH)D concentrations (r = 0.529, P < .001; r = 0.481, P < .001, respectively). Modifications to the FFQ, by redefining the large serving size and excluding the fortified orange juice category, improved the validity of the FFQ (r = 0.602, P < .001; r = 0.520, P < .001, respectively). The FFQ results were highly correlated (r = 0.663, P < .001), but the mean intakes were different (P < .05). Using results from a modified version of FFQ-1, we examined dietary intakes in 3 predominant groups: East Asian (n = 27), European (n = 31), and South Asian (n = 32). The European group had higher total vitamin D intake (P < .05) and the highest serum 25(OH)D concentrations (P < .05), with a trend for dairy products being responsible for this (P < .10). Because Canadians are reliant on dietary intakes of vitamin D in the wintertime, especially those with higher skin melanin, our FFQ can monitor and provide information on intake and food group consumption.
Circulating concentrations of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF binding proteins (IGFBP) have been associated with the risk of several types of cancer. Dietary correlates of IGF-I and IGFBPs are not yet well established. The objective of this study was to assess the association between dietary intake and serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 in a cross-sectional analysis of 4,731 men and women taking part in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. Diet was assessed using country-specific validated dietary questionnaires. Serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2 and IGFBP-3 were measured, and the associations between diet and IGF-I and IGFBPs were assessed using multiple linear regression adjusting for sex, age, body mass index, smoking status, and alcohol and energy intake. Each 1 SD increment increase in total and dairy protein and calcium intake was associated with an increase in IGF-I concentration of 2.5%, 2.4%, and 3.3%, respectively (P for trend <0.001 for all) and a decrease in IGFBP-2 of 3.5%, 3.5%, and 5.4% (P for trend <0.001 for all), respectively. There were no significant associations between the intake of protein or calcium from nondairy sources and IGF-I. The results from this large cross-sectional analysis show that either the intake of dairy protein or calcium is an important dietary determinant of IGF-I and IGFBP-2 concentrations; however, we suggest that it is more likely to be protein from dairy products.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the observer accuracy and intra-observer test-retest reliability of visual estimation of blood loss by midwives and obstetricians. METHODS: This was a prospective, single-blinded observational study conducted at a London teaching hospital. The accuracy of visually estimating five maternity pads that had been soaked with 25, 50, 100, 150 and 200 ml of blood was assessed. The reproducibility in estimating the same volume (two sets of pads soaked with 50, 100, 150 and 200 ml of blood randomly placed at separate stations) was evaluated by asking participants to visually estimate these volumes. RESULTS: Although there is a tendency to overestimate, the mean percentage difference (estimated-actual volumes) was not significantly different among consultants, trainees and midwives. Visual estimations were especially inaccurate with smaller volumes, which could be overestimated by up to 540%. Test-retest reliability was poor for the larger volumes but statistically acceptable for the smaller volumes, although the difference between the two estimates of the same volume could be as much as 300%. CONCLUSIONS: Visual estimations were inaccurate by health-care professionals who have a tendency to overestimate. Experience did not appear to have a confounding effect on accuracy. Further training in visual assessment skills is necessary in order to improve the clinicians' estimation. 
The Thr54 allele of the intestinal fatty acid-binding protein Ala54Thr functional polymorphism (FABP2) is associated with increased fat oxidation and insulin resistance. We determined the cross-sectional associations of the FABP2 gene with lipid levels and insulin resistance in 2148 participants who completed the year-20 examination of the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study. No significant difference in total cholesterol, low-density or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to total cholesterol ratio, or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was found between FABP2 genotypes. However, in the presence of a high-saturated fat diet (>/=53.2 g/d, the 90th percentile for the population), the AA/AG genotypes (carriers of the Thr54 allele) of FABP2 had statistically significantly higher levels of log(HOMA-IR) (P = .006) and a lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to total cholesterol ratio (P = .03), and borderline statistically significantly higher levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and log(triglycerides) (P values = .08, .07, and .05, respectively) compared with those with the GG genotype (Ala54 homozygotes). Lipid levels and log(HOMA-IR) did not vary by genotype with saturated fat intake less than 53.2 g/d. Limiting dietary saturated fat intake may be particularly important among carriers of the A allele of FABP2.
Carotenoids, naturally occurring lipophilic micronutrients, possess an antioxidant activity associated with protection from damage induced by free radicals. The present study investigated an innovative non-invasive method to measure cutaneous levels of lycopene and beta-carotene and to monitor the distribution of orally administered lactolycopene in human skin and plasma. A double-blind placebo-controlled randomized study was performed in 25 volunteers, who were under a lycopene-deprived diet (4 weeks prior to study until end of the study) and orally received either lactolycopene or placebo for 12 weeks. Skin and plasma levels of lycopene and beta-carotene were monitored monthly using Raman spectroscopy and HPLC, respectively. Cutaneous levels of lycopene and beta-carotene monitored by resonance Raman spectroscopy showed high reliability. Irrespective of the investigated area, cutaneous levels were sensitive to lycopene deprivation and to oral supplementation; the forehead showed the closest correlation to lycopene variation in plasma. Plasma and skin levels of lycopene were both sensitive to oral intake of lactolycopene and, interestingly, also skin levels of beta-carotene. Thus, oral supplementation with lycopene led to an enrichment of beta-carotene in human skin, possibly due to the fact that carotenoids act in the skin as protection chains, with a natural protection against free radicals.
OBJECTIVE: Although associations between dietary HCA intake and colorectal cancer risk have been investigated, results have been suggestive but inconsistent. The aim of this hospital-based case-control study was to examine the impact of heterocyclic amine (HCA) intake on colorectal cancer risk. A further objective was to investigate the possible effect of genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 on colorectal cancer. MATERIAL AND METHODS: HCA exposure data were assessed using a self-administered food frequency questionnaire, and estimated HCA intake was verified by measuring the PhIP value in human hair. A total of 117 cases and 238 controls were included in these analyses. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated using conditional logistic regression analysis to compare intake levels between the first and third tertiles. RESULTS: No statistically significant increase in the risk of colorectal cancer with respect to total HCA intake was shown by analysis (OR = 0.99, 95% CI = 0.21-4.81). Furthermore, no association with risk was seen for individual HCAs, including PhIP, MeIQ, and MeIQx. Although variant alleles of CYP1A2 were associated with colorectal cancer (OR = 0.27; 95% CI = 0.07-0.99), genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 did not influence the association of HCA intake with colorectal cancer. CONCLUSIONS: In the present study in subjects with low HCA exposure and with a limited sample size, no association was found between HCA intake and colorectal cancer, or any evidence of influence by genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2. 
BACKGROUND: Dairy products are high in saturated fat and are traditionally a risk factor for vascular diseases. The fatty acids 15:0 and 17:0 of plasma lipids are biomarkers of milk fat intake. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the risk of a first-ever stroke in relation to the plasma milk fat biomarkers. METHODS: A prospective case-control study was nested within two population based health surveys in Northern Sweden. Among 129 stroke cases and 257 matched controls, plasma samples for fatty acid analyses were available in 108 cases and 216 control subjects. Proportions of 15:0 and 17:0 of plasma lipids, weight, height, blood lipids, blood pressures, and lifestyle data were employed in conditional logistic regression modelling. RESULTS: The proportions of fatty acids 17:0 and 15:0+17:0 of total plasma phospholipids were significantly higher in female controls than cases, but not in men. 17:0 and 15:0+17:0 were significantly and inversely related to stroke in the whole study sample as well as in women. The standardised odds ratio (95% CI) in women to have a stroke was 0.41 (0.24-0.69) for 17:0 in plasma phospholipids. Adjustment for traditional cardiovascular risk factors, physical activity and diet had marginal effects on the odds ratios. A similar, but non-significant, trend was seen in men. CONCLUSION: It is hypothesised that dairy or milk fat intake may be inversely related to the risk of a first event of stroke. The intriguing results of this study should be interpreted with caution. Follow up studies with greater power, and where intakes are monitored both by dietary recordings and fatty acid markers are needed. 
Genetic relationships of measures of residual feed intake and daily feed intake with serum IGF-I concentrations at 8 wk of age and at 105 kg of BW, serum leptin concentration at 105 kg of BW, meat quality, and different fat accumulation traits on 834 Duroc pigs in 7 generations were estimated. Two measures of residual feed intake were estimated from the differences between actual and predicted feed intake: phenotypic residual feed intake (RFI(phe)) and nutritional residual feed intake (RFI(nut)). Meat quality traits included drip loss, cooking loss, pork color score, pork lightness (L*), and pH, whereas fat accumulation traits were subcutaneous fat, intermuscular fat, and total fat percent at 5-6th thoracic vertebra; subcutaneous fat, intermuscular fat, abdominal fat, and total fat percent at one-half body length and at last thoracic vertebra, and seam fat score. The IGF-I concentrations at 8 wk of age and 105 kg of BW had weak genetic correlations with measures of residual feed intake and daily feed intake (absolute values ranging from 0.14 to 0.24). The genetic correlations between measures of residual feed intake and serum leptin concentration were strong and positive (r(g) with RFI(phe) and RFI(nut) were 0.74 and 0.80, respectively). Residual feed intake was moderately but negatively correlated with cooking loss (r(g) with RFI(phe) and RFI(nut) were -0.42 and -0.49, respectively), whereas daily feed intake was moderately and positively correlated with drip loss and pH (0.33 and 0.36, respectively). Daily feed intake was also moderately correlated with subcutaneous fat accumulations at the 5-6th thoracic vertebra (0.31) and one-half body length (0.31) regions and was strongly correlated with accumulations at the last thoracic vertebra region (0.57). The genetic correlations between daily feed intake and intermuscular fat accumulations at all of the carcass sites were strong (0.60, 0.76, and 0.56 for intermuscular fat at 5-6th thoracic vertebra, one-half body length, and last thoracic vertebra, respectively). Residual feed intake was strongly and positively correlated with all of the fat accumulation traits (ranging from 0.53 to 0.88). The results indicate that reducing residual feed intake (increased efficiency) would lead to increased cooking loss and darkness, and decreased serum leptin concentration, fat accumulations at the different sites, and seam fat at the 6th rib interface of pork carcasses.
BACKGROUND: Oxidative stress has been identified in the peritoneal fluid and peripheral blood of women with endometriosis. However, there is little information on the antioxidant intake for this group of women. The objectives of this work were 1) to compare the antioxidant intake among women with and without endometriosis and 2) to design and apply a high antioxidant diet to evaluate its capacity to reduce oxidative stress markers and improve antioxidant markers in the peripheral blood of women with endometriosis. METHODS: Women with (WEN, n = 83) and without endometriosis (WWE, n = 80) were interviewed using a Food Frequency Questionnaire to compare their antioxidant intake (of vitamins and minerals). Then, the WEN participated in the application of a control (n = 35) and high antioxidant diet (n = 37) for four months. The high antioxidant diet (HAD) guaranteed the intake of 150% of the suggested daily intake of vitamin A (1050 microg retinol equivalents), 660% of the recommended daily intake (RDI) of vitamin C (500 mg) and 133% of the RDI of vitamin E (20 mg). Oxidative stress and antioxidant markers (vitamins and antioxidant enzymatic activity) were determined in plasma every month. RESULTS: Comparison of antioxidant intake between WWE and WEN showed a lower intake of vitamins A, C, E, zinc, and copper by WEN (p < 0.05, Mann Whitney Rank test). The selenium intake was not statistically different between groups. During the study, the comparison of the 24-hour recalls between groups showed a higher intake of the three vitamins in the HAD group. An increase in the vitamin concentrations (serum retinol, alpha-tocopherol, leukocyte and plasma ascorbate) and antioxidant enzyme activity (superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase) as well as a decrease in oxidative stress markers (malondialdehyde and lipid hydroperoxides) were observed in the HAD group after two months of intervention. These phenomena were not observed in the control group. CONCLUSION: WEN had a lower intake of antioxidants in comparison to WWE. Peripheral oxidative stress markers diminished, and antioxidant markers were enhanced, in WEN after the application of the HAD. 
This study demonstrates that levels of trihalomethanes (THMs) increase considerably when cold water stagnates in residential pipes and, more significantly, when water remains in the hot water tank. Levels of haloacetic acids (HAAs) increase as well in both cases, but less significantly in comparison to THMs. The study also demonstrates that in both the plumbing system and residential hot water tank, chlorinated and brominated DBP species do not behave in the same manner. Finally, the study shows that sustained use of water in households helps to maintain THM and HAA levels close to those found in water of the distribution system. The results are useful to identify methods of indoor water use that minimize population exposure to DBPs and improve DBP exposure assessment for epidemiological studies.
BACKGROUND: The University of Michigan Dioxin Exposure Study (UMDES) was undertaken in response to concerns that the discharge of dioxin-like compounds from the Dow Chemical Company facilities in Midland, Michigan, resulted in contamination of soils in the Tittabawassee River floodplain and areas of the city of Midland, leading to an increase in residents' body burdens of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans. OBJECTIVES: The UMDES is a hypothesis-driven study designed to answer important questions about human exposure to dioxins in the environment of Midland, where the Dow Chemical Company has operated for > 100 years, and in neighboring Saginaw, Michigan. In addition, the UMDES includes a referent population from an area of Michigan in which there are no unusual sources of dioxin exposure and from which inferences regarding the general Michigan population can be derived. A central goal of the study is to determine which factors explain variation in serum dioxin levels and to quantify how much variation each factor explains. CONCLUSIONS: In this article we describe the study design and methods for a large population-based study of dioxin contamination and its relationship to blood dioxin levels. The study collected questionnaire, blood, dust, and soil samples on 731 people. This study provides a foundation for understanding the exposure pathways by which dioxins in soils, sediments, fish and game, and homegrown produce lead to increased body burdens of these compounds. 
Disinfection by-products (DBPs) in drinking water represent a public health issue and a challenge for epidemiology to provide evidence towards the causation of various hypothesized health effects. Validation of a biomarker of exposure to DBPs is a strategy to achieve progress which has been advocated. The objective of this study was to validate urinary trichloroacetic acid (TCAA) excretion as a biomarker of exposure to DBPs in an experimental exposure cohort. A total of 52 healthy women participated in the study. Participants consumed supplied tap water for 15 d and provided urine and blood samples for TCAA measurements. The findings revealed that (1) background levels of TCAA in urine and blood were readily detectable, (2) TCAA levels in blood and urine increased with increased amounts of TCAA ingested, (3) the correlations between measurements of TCAA ingestion and urinary excretion were modest (r=0.66, p<0.001) based on one days' sampling and high (r=0.77-0.83, p<0.001) based on two to four days' sampling, (4) the correlations between measurements of TCAA ingestion and blood TCAA concentration were high (r=0.80, p<0.001) and (5) multiple days' urinary TCAA measures improved the prediction of TCAA ingestion through urinary TCAA excretion. TCAA can be a valid biomarker of exposure for DBPs in drinking water.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and hydroxylated PBDEs (OH-PBDEs) were determined in plasma of free-ranging bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) from Charleston (CHS), South Carolina, and the Indian River Lagoon (IRL), Florida, U.S.A. Significantly lower sums (sigma) of PBDE concentrations (sum of 12 congeners) were found in animals from the IRL (arithmetic mean, 5.45 +/- 4.63 ng/g wet wt) compared with those from CHS (30 +/- 40 ng/g wet wt). Brominated diphenyl ether (BDE)-47 was the predominant PBDE in dolphins from the IRL (50% of the sigma PBDEs) and CHS (58%). The sigma PBDE concentrations in plasma of dolphins were negatively correlated with age at both locations. Fifteen and sixteen individual OH-PBDE congeners could be quantified in plasma of dolphins from IRL and CHS, respectively. Similar to sigma PBDE, mean sigma OH-PBDE concentrations were significantly higher in plasma of dolphins at CHS (1150 +/- 708 pg/g wet wt) compared with those at IRL (624 +/- 393 pg/g wet wt). The predominant congener at both locations was 6-OH-PBDE-47 (IRL, 384 +/- 319 pg/g wet wt; CHS, 541 +/- 344 pg/g wet wt), representing 61.5% of total sigma OH-PBDE at IRL and 47.0% at CHS. Concentrations of sigma OH-PBDEs were weakly negatively correlated with age in dolphins from both locations (p < 0.05; IRL, r2 = 0.048; CHS, r2 = 0.021). In addition to the OH-PBDE congeners identified with technical standards, eight and four unidentified OH-PBDEs were detected and quantified, respectively, in animals from CHS (sum of unidentified OH-PBDEs = 1.35 +/- 0.90 pg/g wet wt) and IRL (0.73 +/- 0.40 pg/g wet wt). Results of the present study suggest that, unlike OH-PCBs, OH-PBDEs in bottlenose dolphins are minor products in plasma relative to sigma PBDEs and a significant proportion may be a consequence of the dietary uptake of naturally produced methoxylated- and OH-PBDEs.
Tetrahydrobiopterin (BH(4)) cofactor loading is a standard procedure to differentiate defects of BH(4) metabolism from phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH) deficiency. BH(4) responsiveness also exists in PAH-deficient patients with high residual PAH activity. Unexpectedly, single cases with presumed nil residual PAH activity have been reported to be BH(4) responsive, too. BH(4) responsiveness has been defined either by a >or=30% reduction of blood Phe concentration after a single BH(4) dose or by a decline greater than the individual circadian Phe level variation. Since both methods have methodological disadvantages, we present a model of statistical process control (SPC) to assess BH(4) responsiveness. Phe levels in 17 adult PKU patients of three phenotypic groups off diet were compared without and with three different single oral dosages of BH(4) applied in a double-blind randomized cross-over design. Results are compared for >or=30% reduction and SPC. The effect of BH(4) by >or=30% reduction was significant for groups (p < 0.01) but not for dose (p = 0.064), with no interaction of group with dose (p = 0.24). SPC revealed significant effects for group (p < 0.01) and the interaction for group with dose (p < 0.05) but not for dose alone (p = 0.87). After one or more loadings, seven patients would be judged to be BH(4) responsive either by the 30% criterion or by the SPC model, but only three by both. Results for patients with identical PAH genotype were not very consistent within (for different BH(4) doses) and between the two models. We conclude that a comparison of protein loadings without and with BH(4) combined with a standardized procedure for data analysis and decision would increase the reliability of diagnostic results.
We investigated the effect of chronic exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on DNA methylation states (percentage of methylated cytosines (%mC)) in Polish male nonsmoking coke-oven workers and matched controls. Methylation states of gene-specific promoters (p53, p16, HIC1 and IL-6) and of Alu and LINE-1 repetitive elements, as surrogate measures of global methylation, were quantified by pyrosequencing in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBLs). DNA methylation was evaluated in relation to PAH exposure, assessed by urinary 1-pyrenol and anti-benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide (anti-B[a]PDE)-DNA adduct levels, a critical genetic damage from B[a]P. We also evaluated whether PAH-induced DNA methylation states were in turn associated with micronuclei in PBLs, an indicator of chromosomal instability.
INTRODUCTION: In critical illness, the association of hypoglycemia, blood glucose (BG) variability and outcome are not well understood. We describe the incidence, clinical factors and outcomes associated with an early hypoglycemia and BG variability in critically ill patients. METHODS: Retrospective interrogation of prospectively collected data from the Australia New Zealand Intensive Care Society Adult Patient Database on 66184 adult admissions to 24 intensive care units (ICUs) from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2005. Primary exposure was hypoglycemia (BG < 4.5 mmol/L) and BG variability (BG < 4.5 and >or= 12.0 mmol/L) within 24 hours of admission. Primary outcome was all-cause mortality. RESULTS: The cumulative incidence of hypoglycemia and BG variability were 13.8% (95% confidence interval (CI) = 13.5 to 14.0; n = 9122) and 2.9% (95%CI = 2.8 to 3.0, n = 1913), respectively. Several clinical factors were associated with both hypoglycemia and BG variability including: co-morbid disease (P < 0.001), non-elective admissions (P < 0.001), higher illness severity (P < 0.001), and primary septic diagnosis (P < 0.001). Hypoglycemia was associated with greater odds of adjusted ICU (odds ratio (OR) = 1.41, 95% CI = 1.31 to 1.54) and hospital death (OR = 1.36, 95% CI = 1.27 to 1.46). Hypoglycemia severity was associated with 'dose-response' increases in mortality. BG variability was associated with greater odds of adjusted ICU (1.5, 95% CI = 1.4 to 1.6) and hospital (1.4, 95% CI = 1.3 to 1.5) mortality, when compared with either hypoglycemia only or neither. CONCLUSIONS: In critically ill patients, both early hypoglycemia and early variability in BG are relatively common, and independently portend an increased risk for mortality. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) have been produced in the south coast area of Laizhou Bay, Shandong Province in China, but little is known about the PBDE exposure level of residents to these compounds. We set out to assess potential health risks of PBDEs in the south coast area of the Laizhou Bay by determining the concentrations of PBDEs in serum and breast milk. We measured concentrations of eight PBDE congeners in serum and breast milk. The arithmetic means of Sigma(8)PBDE in pooled serum and breast milk were 613 ng/g lipid and 81.5 ng/g lipid, respectively. The highest concentration for Sigma(8)PBDE in all serum pools was 1830 ng/g lipid from the 41-50 year old female group. BDE-209 was the predominant congener, with the mean concentrations of 403 ng/g lipid in serum and 45.6 ng/g lipid in breast milk, respectively. BDE-209 averagely accounted for 65.8% and 54.2% of the total PBDEs, respectively. Our results suggest that high exposures to PBDEs have led to very high PBDE concentrations in serum and breast milk from the residents living in the south coast area of Laizhou Bay. High PBDE concentrations in human serum, particularly in women, pose a potential public health threat to local residents.
We investigated the pharmacokinetics of oral tacrolimus in 31 hematopoietic cell transplant recipients, identifying 2 subgroups based on the differences between C(0) (trough) and C(max) (maximal) levels: group A (n = 21; 68%) with a C(max)-C(0) value of <10 ng/mL, and group B (n = 10; 32%) with a C(max)-C(0) value of >or=10 ng/mL. Although the C(0) and C(12) values were not significantly different between the 2 groups, the mean area under the concentration curve for 12 hours (AUC(0-12)) was significantly greater in group B than group A (200.9 +/- 36.3 vs 155.1 +/- 43.1 ng.h/mL; P < .05), and the mean half-life was significantly shorter in group B than group A (13.55 +/- 6.70 vs 18.17 +/- 6.30 hours; P < .05). Thus after the oral administration of tacrolimus, we observed a notably high AUC due to high peak level, which we were unable to predict simply by measuring the trough level. A pharmacokinetic analysis of each patient was essential to optimize the oral tacrolimus dose.
This study examined serum levels of 2,3,7,8-substituted chlorinated dioxins and furans, and 15 PCBs for 346 New Zealand employees who worked at a site that manufactured 2,4,5-trichlorophenol (TCP) and 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy acetic acid (2,4,5-T). Participants with potential TCP or 2,4,5-T exposures had mean lipid-adjusted 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (2,3,7,8-TCDD) levels of 9.9 ng kg(-1) lipid compared to 4.9 ng kg(-1) for workers with no exposure at the site. Among exposed workers, we found evidence of differences in 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels by department and duties. Workers involved in an accidental release had the highest mean 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels, 37.9 ng kg(-1), followed by workers in the trichlorophenol plant, 23.4 ng kg(-1). Workers with potential intermittent exposures to 2,3,7,8-TCDD in construction, maintenance, mechanics, and transport had 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels above New Zealand background levels of 3.9 ng kg(-1), indicating workplace exposures. Among participants with work history indicating no 2,3,7,8-TCDD exposures, we observed some individuals with 2,3,7,8-TCDD levels above background levels. However, in most cases, these workers reported workplace exposures not recorded on their work histories or held other jobs with the potential for 2,3,7,8-TCDD exposures outside the plant. All other dioxin, furan, and PCB levels were similar among the exposed and unexposed workers.
OBJECTIVE: To validate the Turkish translated version of short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12). STUDY DESIGN: After the test-retest reliability and internal consistency were established in a pilot study, 270 patients were enrolled and general and subscale scores of the questionnaire were calculated. All participants underwent the International Continence Society (ICS) prolapse score (POP-Q) and urodynamic assessment. Main scores and scores of Prolapse Quality of Life questionnaire (PQoL) and Incontinence Impact Questionnaire (IIQ-7) were compared between patients with incontinence+/-prolapse and asymptomatic women. RESULTS: 62.24% of the participants showed urodynamic abnormality and/or leakage with or without prolapse. 28.91% had prolapse stage 3 or higher diagnosed by the POP-Q system. PISQ-12 showed a high internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha was 0.89). For test-retest reliability Spearman's rho was 0.72-0.79 for all domains. The mean scores of PISQ-12 were significantly better in asymptomatic women compared with the incontinence+/-prolapse group. Sexual function was negatively affected by prolapse and/or incontinence as assessed with PQoL and IIQ-7 questionnaires. CONCLUSION: The Turkish translated version of the PISQ-12 is a reliable, consistent and valid instrument to evaluate sexual functioning in women with urinary incontinence and/or pelvic organ prolapse. It is easy to understand that it may be easily administered and self-completed by the women. 
The study describes the determination of mono-hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs), metabolites of PAHs, in human hair. Twelve selected OH-PAHs from two to four rings, generally determined in urine analysis, were investigated as markers of human exposure to PAHs. Following hydrolysis of hair specimens of 50-300 mg with 1M NaOH, OH-PAHs were extracted using dichloromethane and submitted to an optimized derivatization with (2S,4R)-N-heptafluorobutyryl-4-heptafluorobutoyloxy-prolyl chloride. Compounds were then analyzed using gas chromatography-negative chemical ionization mass spectrometry (GC-NCIMS). The average inter-day and intra-day variability was 12% and 17%, respectively. The average recovery was 52% and the limits of detection and quantification ranged from 20 and 66 pmol/g for 1-OH-phenanthrene (i.e., 3.9 and 12.8 pg/mg) to 311 and 1030 pmol/g for 2-OH-benzo(c)phenanthrene (i.e., 75.9 and 251 pg/mg). The influence of hair washing with water as decontamination step, and enzymatic treatment (beta-glucuronidase) to hydrolyze conjugated derivatives were also tested. The application of the developed method to the analysis of 30 hair specimens (17 from non-smoker and 13 from smoker volunteers) demonstrated inter-individual qualitative and quantitative variations. According to the easiness of hair sampling and based on the extended detection windows provided by hair analysis, this method is proposed as a new promising tool for the assessment of human chronic exposure to PAHs.
Airborne emissions from hot asphalt contain mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), including several carcinogens. We investigated urinary biomarkers of three PAHs, namely naphthalene (Nap), phenanthrene (Phe), and pyrene (Pyr) in 20 road-paving workers exposed to hot asphalt and in 6 road milling workers who were not using hot asphalt (reference group). Our analysis included baseline urine samples as well as postshift, bedtime, and morning samples collected over three consecutive days. We measured unmetabolized Nap (U-Nap) and Phe (U-Phe) as well as the monohydroxylated metabolites of Nap (OH-Nap), Phe (OH-Phe), and Pyr (OH-Pyr) in each urine sample. In baseline samples, no significant differences in biomarker levels were observed between pavers and millers, suggesting similar background exposures. In postshift, bedtime, and morning urine samples, the high pairwise correlations observed between levels of all biomarkers suggest common exposure sources. Among pavers, levels of all biomarkers were significantly elevated in postshift samples, indicating rapid uptake and elimination of PAHs following exposure to hot asphalt (biomarker levels were not elevated among millers). Results from linear mixed-effects models of levels of U-Nap, U-Phe, OH-Phe, and OH-Pyr across pavers showed significant effects of work assignments with roller operators having lower biomarker levels than the other workers. However, no work-related effect was observed for levels of OH-Nap, apparently due to the influence of cigarette smoking. Biological half-lives, estimated from regression coefficients for time among pavers, were 8 h for U-Phe, 10 h for U-Nap, 13 h for OH-Phe and OH-Pyr, and 26 h for OH-Nap. These results support the use of U-Nap, U-Phe, OH-Phe, and OH-Pyr, but probably not OH-Nap, as short-term biomarkers of exposure to PAHs emanating from hot asphalt.
We investigated the association between nutrient biomarkers and dietary intake estimated using a brief self-administered dietary history questionnaire (BDHQ) for Japanese children and adolescents. Blood samples were collected from 398 subjects (5th graders of elementary school aged 10-11 y, and 2nd graders of secondary schools aged 13-14 y) randomly selected from among students in Shunan City, Japan, who were then required to answer two questionnaires. Spearman correlations were calculated between dietary intake and the corresponding biomarkers (serum carotenoids, tocopherols, and erythrocyte fatty acids). Correlations with beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin were significant in the 13- and 14-y age group (r=0.220-0.333, p<0.030) and the 10- and 11-y age subgroup who answered the questionnaire with assistance (r=0.295-0.299, respectively, p=0.006). Consumption of green-yellow vegetables and fruits was significantly correlated with beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin levels (r=0.205-0.341, p<0.047). In the 13- and 14-y age group, correlations with eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids were between 0.215 and 0.473 (p<0.040). Total seafood intake was significantly correlated with marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs; r=0.239-0.420, p<0.023). In the 10- and 11-y age subgroup who completed the questionnaire with assistance, seafood intake was significantly correlated with marine n-3 PUFAs (r=0.239-0.243, p<0.032). In conclusion, dietary intake assessed using the BDHQ reflects the corresponding biomarkers for 13- and 14-y-olds; however, when used for elementary school children, caution is necessary in interpreting the results.
Most of the general populations are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) at different levels. A limited number of studies have suggested that PAHs exposure may be associated with semen quality. To examine the association of four PAH metabolites, 1-hydroxynapthalene (1-N), 2-hydroxynapthalene (2-N), 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-OHF) with altered semen quality, 542 subjects were recruited through the clinic following strict eligibility screening. Using LC-MS/MS, individual exposures were measured as spot urinary concentrations of PAH metabolites adjusted by creatinine (CR). Semen quality was assessed by semen volume, sperm concentration, sperm number per ejaculum, and sperm motility. First, we confirmed the variability of PAH metabolites in human urine. Our results showed that the median CR-adjusted concentrations of 1-N, 2-N, 1-OHP, 2-OHF were 2.35, 4.05, 1.14, and 2.89 microg/g of CR, respectively. Significant P-values for trend were found that men with higher 1-OHP (assessed as quintiles) were more likely to have below-reference sperm concentration and sperm number per ejaculum. These results indicate that PAHs exposure might be related to altered human semen quality.
The variability in frequency of allogeneic blood transfusion during coronary artery bypass surgery (CABG) is a concern. Evidence-based guidelines support minimizing the use of blood during open heart surgery. The Hospital Clinical Services Group quality indicator database was queried for intraoperative red blood cell (RBC) transfusions in 17 252 isolated CABG surgery cases during 2007. Institutional variability was observed in the frequency of intraoperative RBC transfusion rates, which ranged from 0% to 85.7%. The institution mean RBC transfusion rate was 40.8%. Regional geographic and cardiac program size variations were observed in RBC transfusion rates and volume with significant variation. Notable institutional variability persists with respect to intraoperative RBC transfusion in isolated CABG surgery despite clear evidence and guidelines to support techniques to minimize RBC transfusion. Such results support the hypothesis that incorporating evidence-based transfusion-related practices in open heart surgery are not uniformly adopted.
Quantifying dietary behavior is difficult and can be intrusive. Calcium, an essential mineral for skeletal development during childhood, is difficult to assess. Few studies have examined the use of food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) for assessing calcium intake in school-age children. This study evaluated the validity and reliability of the Calcium Counts! FFQ (CCFFQ) for estimating calcium intake in school children in the US. Healthy children, aged 7-10 years (n = 139) completed the CCFFQ and 7-day weighed food records. A subset of subjects completed a second CCFFQ within 3.6 months. Concurrent validity was determined using Pearson correlations between the CCFFQ and food record estimates of calcium intake, and the relationship between quintiles for the two measures. Predictive validity was determined using generalized linear regression models to explore the effects of age, race, and gender. Inter- and intra-individual variability in calcium intake was high (>300 mg/day). Calcium intake was approximately 300 mg/day higher by CCFFQ compared to food records. Concurrent validity was moderate (r = 0.61) for the entire cohort and higher for selected subgroups. Predictive validity estimates yielded significant relationships between CCFFQ and food record estimates of calcium intake alone and in the presence of such potential effect modifiers as age group, race, and gender. Test-retest reliability was high (r = 0.74). Although calcium intake estimated by the CCFFQ was greater than that measured by food records, the CCFFQ provides valid and reliable estimates of calcium intake in children. The CCFFQ is especially well-suited as a tool to identify children with low calcium intakes.
Investigations suggest a protective role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) but opposing roles of n-6 PUFA in inflammation, but the effects in vivo the human are not clear. We therefore tested the hypothesis that higher intakes of n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA are associated with lower levels of inflammation among a population consuming a diet high in PUFA. This study aimed to assess the association between PUFA intake and serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations in a group of Japanese employees. The study subjects were 300 men and 211 women aged 21 to 67 years working in 2 municipal offices of Japan. We measured the serum high-sensitivity CRP concentrations by the latex agglutination nephelometry method and assessed dietary habits by a validated self-administered diet history questionnaire. We analyzed the data using multiple linear regression analysis with adjustment for potential confounding variables. Mean serum CRP concentrations tended to decrease as the intake of eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, or their combination increased in men and women, although none of these relationships was statistically significant. In men, there were statistically significant inverse relationships between dietary intake of n-3 or n-6 PUFA and serum CRP concentrations (P for trend = .03 and .008, respectively). Among specific PUFA, only alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid showed clear inverse relationships (P for trend = .001 and .003, respectively) in men. The results suggest that increased intake of not only alpha-linolenic acid (n-3 PUFA) but also linoleic acid (n-6 PUFA) has a beneficial effect on systemic inflammation in men.
The purpose of this study was to examine the hypothesis that erythrocytes that are low in n-3 fatty acids and high in trans-fatty acids and nutrient intakes are associated with the risk of atherosclerosis. Fifty patients with acute nonfatal myocardial infarction were recruited to measure their dietary intake, erythrocyte fatty acid composition, intima medial thickness (IMT), and the Gensini score, which are markers of atherosclerosis. Trans-oleic acid of erythrocytes was positively (P = .05) correlated with the carotid IMT. After adjusting for age, sex, and energy intake, the IMT was negatively associated with the intake of protein, fat, phosphate, zinc, vitamin B(1), vitamin B(2), vitamin B(6), niacin, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, total fatty acids, total n-3 fatty acids, and total n-6 fatty acids. The Gensini score was also negatively associated with the intake of protein, fat, phosphate, sodium, zinc, vitamin E, vitamin B(1), vitamin B(2), vitamin B(6), niacin, linolenic acid, total fatty acids, and total n-3 fatty acids. In conclusion, lower levels of trans-oleic acid (elaidic acid) in erythrocytes and higher intakes of vitamins, minerals, and n-3 fatty acids were associated with the decreased risk of atherosclerosis. However, these findings need further investigation in randomized controlled clinical trials before public health recommendations for atherosclerosis prevention can be made.
Cervical cancer is a leading cancer among women in developing countries. Infection with oncogenic human papillomavirus (HPV) types has been recognized as a necessary cause of this disease. Serum carotenoids and tocopherols have also been associated with risk for cervical neoplasia, but results from previous studies were not consistent. We evaluated the association of serum total carotene and tocopherols, and dietary intakes with the risk of newly diagnosed, histologically confirmed cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) grades 1, 2, 3 and invasive cancer in a hospital-based case-control study in So Paulo, Brazil. The investigation included 453 controls and 4 groups of cases (CIN1, n = 140; CIN2, n = 126; CIN3, n = 231; invasive cancer, n =108) recruited from two major public clinics between 2003 and 2005. Increasing concentrations of serum lycopene were negatively associated with CIN1, CIN3 and cancer, with odds ratios (OR) (95% CI) for the highest compared to the lowest tertile of 0.53 (0.27-1.00, p for trend = 0.05), 0.48 (0.22-1.04, p for trend = 0.05) and 0.18 (0.06-0.52, p for trend = 0.002), respectively, after adjusting for confounding variables and HPV status. Increasing concentrations of serum alpha- and gamma-tocopherols, and higher dietary intakes of dark green and deep yellow vegetables/fruit were associated with nearly 50% decreased risk of CIN3. These results support the evidence that a healthy and balanced diet leading to provide high serum levels of antioxidants may reduce cervical neoplasia risk in low-income women.
OBJECTIVE: Characterization of peripheral leukocytes is an important aspect of monitoring the effect of immunotherapeutic interventions in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). We analyzed cell surface markers commonly used to assess patients with SLE, focusing on the effect of holding blood prior to processing/analysis and the relative reliability of the measurements that were conducted. METHODS: Healthy volunteers (HV; n = 20) and patients with SLE (n = 42) were studied. Whole blood was collected for flow cytometric analysis on days 1, 8, 15, 105, 195, 285, and 375 and held overnight for analysis. A subset of samples was additionally analyzed on the day of collection. RESULTS: Variability arising from overnight storage of whole blood was found to be within 20% for most lymphocyte subsets. There was greater between rather than within subject variability over a 1-year period. As anticipated, the data showed higher CD38 and lower CD19 densities on B cells from patients with SLE compared to HV. Although a higher percentage of cells with markers of plasmablasts/cells were observed in the blood of patients with SLE relative to HV, these measurements were found to be among the least reliable (i.e., most variable). CONCLUSIONS: This study provides technical perspectives for those conducting immunophenotypic analyses of B-cells in patients with SLE. We envision that our data, which addresses sample stability issues and presents a method to describe the relative reliability of one measure over another, holds value for clinical assessments of B-cells in SLE and the evaluation of investigational agents designed to modify the B-cell compartment. 
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Dietary patterns have been associated with various disease risk markers. There is presently little representative data about the dietary patterns of adults on low income. The objective was therefore to identify dietary patterns and how they relate to cardiovascular (CVD) risk markers in this specific population. METHODS AND RESULTS: Exploratory factor analysis was performed to examine dietary patterns in participants from the UK Low Income Diet and Nutrition Survey (n=2931, aged 49.4+/-20.2 years, 65% female). Dietary intake was assessed from three 24h dietary recalls and blood was drawn for the assessment of CVD risk markers (C-reactive protein [CRP], total and high density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol, triglycerides, homocysteine). Results of the factor analysis revealed four interpretable principle components accounting for approximately 16.5% of the total variance, with similar patterns across gender. A 'fast food' diet pattern explained the greatest proportion of the variance (5.5%), followed by 'health aware' (4.1%), 'traditional' (3.6%), and 'sweet' (3.3%) factors. Participants consuming more items from the fast food pattern were younger, more likely to be smokers and employed, but not partnered. The 'health aware' diet pattern was inversely associated with concentrations of CRP and homocysteine, and positively with HDL-cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: A fast food dietary pattern, high in saturated fat, explained the greatest proportion of the variance in a representative sample of adults on low income from the UK. There was, however, considerable heterogeneity in dietary intake among this socially deprived group and healthy eating was associated with lower CVD risk markers. 
AIMS: We used data from the General Longitudinal Overactive Bladder Evaluation (GLOBE) to understand predictors of variation in urgency and urinary incontinence (UI) symptoms over time. METHODS: A random sample of Geisinger Clinic primary care patients (men and women) 40+ years of age were recruited for a survey of bladder control symptoms at baseline and 12 months later. Symptom questions used a 4-week recall period. Composite scores were derived for urgency and UI frequency. Logistic regression was used to evaluate predictors of variation in scores at cross-section and longitudinally. RESULTS: A majority of those with UI symptoms and almost 40% of those with urgency symptoms reported episodes of once a week or less often; 17% had symptoms a few times a week or more often. Twenty-one percent with urgency symptoms and 25% with UI symptoms at baseline did not have active symptoms 12 months later. The strongest predictors of active symptoms at follow-up were baseline symptom score and duration of time since first onset of symptoms. Of those with no urgency symptoms at baseline, 22% had urgency at 12 months. Among those with no UI symptoms at baseline, 13% had UI symptoms 12 months later. Among the latter, age (males only) and BMI were the strongest predictors of symptoms at follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Inter-individual and intra-individual occurrences of urgency and UI symptoms are highly variable in the general population. Use of established predictors to select individuals with less variability in symptoms may help to reduce placebo rates in clinical trials. 
PURPOSE: We report intra-individual variability, related factors and the normal reference value of post-void residual urine in children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Healthy kindergarteners were enrolled for the evaluation of post-void residual urine, which was assessed by ultrasound within 5 minutes after voiding when voided volume was greater than 50 ml. Bladder over distention was arbitrarily defined as a bladder capacity (voided volume plus post-void residual urine) of 115% or greater of expected bladder capacity. The Pearson correlation method was used to evaluate the correlation between post-void residual urine and related factors. RESULTS: More than 1 post-void residual urine value was recorded in 219 children with a mean +/- SD age of 4.9 +/- 0.9 years. Mean post-void residual urine was 12.2 +/- 20.3 ml (median 5.5). The correlation for consecutive post-void residual urine was low in all children and negligible in the 129 without bladder over distention (r = 0.34 and 0.13, respectively). Repeat post-void residual urine greater than 20 ml and greater than 10% bladder capacity was observed in 2.3% and 7.8% of children, respectively, without bladder over distention. Post-void residual urine increased as bladder capacity increased (r = 0.38, p <0.01). Excluding those with bladder over distention, post-void residual urine decreased as the age of the child increased. Children who drank more fluids before voiding had a higher rate of bladder over distention for each micturition than those who drank regularly (13.8% vs 4.9%, p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Because of the significant intra-individual variability of post-void residual urine, a single post-void residual urine test is not reliable for assessing pediatric voiding function. Two post-void residual urine tests are recommended. Post-void residual urine is affected by bladder over distention, age of the child and possibly extra hydration before assessment. Abnormal post-void residual urine could be defined as post-void residual urine greater than 20 ml, rather than as greater than 10% bladder capacity, on repeat micturitions without bladder over distention. 
Urinary mono-hydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) are commonly used in biomonitoring to assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). Similar to other biologically non-persistent chemicals, OH-PAHs have relatively short biological half-lives (4.4-35 h). Little information is available on their variability in urinary concentrations over time in non-occupationally exposed subjects. This study was designed to (i) examine the variability of nine urinary OH-PAH metabolite concentrations over time and (ii) calculate sample size requirements for future epidemiological studies on the basis of spot urine, first-morning void, and 24-h void sampling. Individual urine samples (n=427) were collected during 1 week from 8 non-occupationally exposed adults. We recorded the time and volume of each urine excretion, dietary details, and driving activities of the participants. Within subjects, the coefficients of variation (CVs) for the wet-weight concentration of OH-PAHs in all samples ranged from 45% to 297%; creatinine adjustment reduced the CV to 19-288% (P<0.001; paired t-test). The simulated 24-h void concentrations were the least variable measure, with CVs ranging from 13% to 182% for the 9 OH-PAHs. Within-day variability contributed on average 84%, and between-day variability accounted for 16% of the total variance of 1-hydroxypyrene (1-PYR). Intraclass correlation coefficients of 1-PYR levels were 0.55 for spot urine samples, 0.65 [corrected] for first-morning voids, and 0.77 [corrected] for 24-h voids, indicating a high degree of correlation between urine measurements collected from the same subject over time. Sample size calculations were performed to estimate the number of subjects required for detecting differences in the geometric mean at a statistical power of 80% for spot urine, first-morning, and 24-h void sampling. These data will aid in the design of future studies of PAHs and possibly other biologically non-persistent chemicals and in the interpretation of their analytical results.
Total antioxidant performance (TAP) measures antioxidant capacities in both hydrophilic and lipophilic compartments of serum and interactions known to exist between them. Our objective was to assess TAP levels in a subset of Jackson Heart Study (JHS) participants and to examine associations with dietary and total (diet + supplement) intakes of alpha-tocopherol, gamma-tocopherol (diet only), beta-carotene, vitamin C, fruit, vegetables, and nuts, and serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol, gamma-tocopherol, and beta-carotene. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 420 (mean age 61 y; 254 women) African American men and women participating in the Diet and Physical Activity Sub-Study of the JHS in Jackson, Mississippi. In multivariate-adjusted models, we observed positive associations between total alpha-tocopherol, total and dietary beta-carotene, and total vitamin C intakes and TAP levels (P-trend < 0.05). Positive associations were also observed for vegetable, fruit, and total fruit and vegetable intakes (P-trend < 0.05). For serum antioxidant nutrients, alpha-tocopherol but not beta-carotene was associated with serum TAP levels. There were inverse associations for serum gamma-tocopherol and TAP levels. Associations for alpha-tocopherol were seen at intake levels much higher than the current Recommended Dietary Allowance. It may, therefore, be prudent to focus on increasing consumption of fruit, vegetables, nuts, and seeds to increase total antioxidant capacity.
INTRODUCTION: C-peptide measurement in blood or 24-h urine samples provides useful information regarding endogenous insulin secretion, but problems related to the rapid degradation of C-peptide in blood and difficulty of 24-h urine collection have limited widespread routine clinical use of this test. We assessed the feasibility of measuring urinary C-peptide (UCP) with correction for creatinine concentration in single urine samples. METHODS: We analyzed UCP using a routine electrochemiluminescence immunoassay in samples from 21 healthy volunteers. We investigated the stability of UCP with different preservatives and storage conditions and compared the reproducibility of urinary C-peptide/creatinine ratio (UCPCR) in first- and second-void fasting urines, then assessed correlations with 24-h collections. RESULTS: UCPCR was unchanged at room temperature for 24 h and at 4 degrees C for 72 h even in the absence of preservative. UCPCR collected in boric acid was stable at room temperature for 72 h. UCPCR remained stable after 7 freeze-thaw cycles but decreased with freezer storage time and dropped to 82%-84% of baseline by 90 days at -20 degrees C. Second-void fasting UCPCRs were lower than first-void (median 0.78 vs 1.31, P = 0.0003) and showed less variation (CV 33% vs 52%), as second-void UCPCRs were not influenced by evening food-related insulin secretion. Second-void fasting UCPCR was highly correlated with 24-h UCP (r = 0.8, P = 0.00006). CONCLUSIONS: Second-void fasting UCPCR is a reproducible measure that correlates well with 24-h UCP in normal samples. The 3-day stability of UCPCR at room temperature greatly increases its potential clinical utility. 
The IgE specific Fc-epsilon receptor test is widely used for serological evaluation of allergic canine patients. Aim of the study was to evaluate intra- and interlaboratory variability in three independent laboratories. Duplicate serum aliquots from 15 atopic dogs were submitted simultaneously to 3 laboratories (LA, LB, LC), which subsequently performed the test in a blinded fashion. LA and LC analysed sera for 35 allergens and expressed the results as optical density units (OD), while LB analysed 15 allergens and provided reaction grades (RG). Results were compared with three factorial ANOVA. Intralaboratory variability was evaluated by calculating the dispersion factor for data of LA and LC and standard deviation (SD) for LB. Correlation coefficients (r) were used to evaluate interlaboratory variability. Depending on the allergens, intralaboratory dispersion factor for LA and LC varied from 1.15 to 6.63 and 1.19 to 6.17, respectively. In LB the SD varied between 0 and 0.6 RG. Regarding interlaboratory variability, correlation of OD values between LA and LC was excellent (r>0.8, p<0.001) for 13 of 35 allergens. There was a significant difference in OD results for 9 allergens. The results were significantly correlated (r>0.8, p<0.001) for all except 3 allergens (Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus, mixed grasses, nettle). As far as negative/positive results were concerned, intralaboratory differences were 3.14% and interlaboratory differences were 4.76%.
BACKGROUND: There is a dearth of knowledge about the foods that Australian adults eat and a need for a flexible, easy-to-use tool that can estimate usual dietary intakes. The present study was to validate a commonly used Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) food-frequency questionnaire (C-FFQ) against two 4-day weighed food records (WFR), as the reference method. METHODS: The C-FFQ, as the test item, was administrated before the WFR. Two 4-day WFR were administrated 4 weeks apart. Under-reporting was established using specific cut-off limits and estimated basal metabolic rate. Seventy-four women, aged 31-60 years, were enrolled from a free-living community setting. RESULTS: After exclusion for under-reporting, the final sample comprised 62 individuals. Correlations between protein intake from the WFR and urinary urea were significant. Overall agreement between FFQ and WFR was shown by 'levels of agreement' (LOA) and least products regressions. There was presence of fixed and proportional bias for almost half the nutrients, including energy, protein, fat and carbohydrates. For most of the nutrients that did not present bias, the LOA were 50-200%. Agreement was demonstrated for percentage dietary energy protein and fat; carbohydrate; and absolute amounts of thiamine, riboflavin, magnesium and iron. However, relative intake agreement was fair to moderate, with approximately 70% of (selected) nutrients exact or within +/-1 quintile difference. CONCLUSION: The C-FFQ is reasonable at measuring percentage energy from macronutrients and some micronutrients, and comprises a valuable tool for ranking intakes by quintiles; however, it is poor at measuring many absolute nutrient intakes relative to WFR. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the congruence of biomarkers, questionnaires, and interviews as instruments to assess adolescent alcohol consumption. METHOD: The methodology used was a cross-sectional study with a randomized sample. Four different methods were used to estimate high adolescent alcohol consumption. The concordance of the results was investigated. Surveys were performed, and biological specimens were collected at all schools in the county of Vstmanland, Sweden, in 2001. Eighty-one boys and 119 girls from a population of 16- and 19-year-old adolescents were randomly selected from quartiles of volunteers representing various degrees of psychosocial risk behaviors. Using a questionnaire (for a 1-hour session) and in-depth interviews, subjects were assessed regarding their alcohol-use habits. Blood and hair samples were analyzed for phosphatidylethanol (PEth) and fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs), respectively. RESULTS: High alcohol consumption was underreported in the questionnaire compared with the interviews. PEth and FAEE analyses weakly confirmed the self-reports, and the results of the two biochemical tests did not overlap. The PEth blood test was the most specific but the least sensitive, whereas the FAEE hair test revealed low specificity and an overrepresentation of positive results in girls. CONCLUSIONS: The expected higher self-report of high alcohol consumption by interview rather than by questionnaire was confirmed partly because of the influence of a bogus pipeline procedure. The absence of overlap between PEth and FAEE results and their poor agreement with self-reports suggested that biomarkers are unsuitable as screening tools for alcohol consumption in adolescents. 
This study presents results of an analytical method developed for the quantification of monoalkyl phthalate esters (MPEs) in seawater, sediments, and biota. The method uses accelerated solvent extraction, solid-phase extraction, and liquid chromatography electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry (LC/ ESI-MS/MS). Results show the method is robust and can provide trace measurement of several MPE analytes at low parts per trillion levels in water and low parts per billion levels in sediments and biological tissues. Analyte recoveries varied between 70% and 110%. Method detection limits (MDLs) varied between 0.19 and 3.98 ng/L in seawater and between 0.024 and 0.99 ng/g in sediment and biota, which is approximately 10-50 times lower than previously reported MDLs using gas chromatography mass spectrometry. We applied the method to field collected samples of seawater, sediments, and tissues of mussels, crabs, and fish from False Creek an urbanized marine inlet near Vancouver, Canada. The results indicate residues of several MPEs can be found in surface waters, sediments, and organism tissues of this marine system. Monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), and mono-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (MEHP) were frequently detected in all matrices. MnBP generally exhibited the highest concentrations among MPEs analyzed. Detectable concentrations of MPEs varied from 1 to 600 ng/L in seawater, 0.1 to 20 ng/g dry wt in sediments, and 0.1 to 600 ng/g wet wt in biota. Observed concentrations of low molecular weight MPEs in mussels were found to be significantly higher (P < 0.05) than those of corresponding parent DPEs (e.g., MnBP > DBP). Mono-iso-nonyl-phthalate (MoC9) and mono-iso-decyl phthalate (MoC10), which were routinely detected in water and sediments, were not detected in False Creek biota, indicating negligible uptake and/or in vivo bioformation of these high molecular weight MPEs. The ability to measure MPEs in complex environmental samples provided by this LC/ESI-MS/MS method expands the capability for future biomonitoring and risk assessment of phthalate plasticizers.
BACKGROUND: Wild game hunting is a popular activity in many regions of the United States. Recently, the presence of lead fragments in wild game meat, presumably from the bullets or shot used for hunting, has raised concerns about health risks from meat consumption. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the association between blood lead levels (PbB) and wild game consumption. METHODS: We recruited 742 participants, aged 2-92 years, from six North Dakota cities. Blood lead samples were collected from 736 persons. Information on socio-demographic background, housing, lead exposure source, and types of wild game consumption (i.e., venison, other game such as moose, birds) was also collected. Generalized estimating equations (GEE) were used to determine the association between PbB and wild game consumption. RESULTS: Most participants reported consuming wild game (80.8%) obtained from hunting (98.8%). The geometric mean PbB were 1.27 and 0.84 microg/dl among persons who did and did not consume wild game, respectively. After adjusting for potential confounders, persons who consumed wild game had 0.30 microg/dl (95% confidence interval: 0.16-0.44 microg/dl) higher PbB than persons who did not. For all game types, recent (<1 month) wild game consumption was associated with higher PbB. PbB was also higher among those who consumed a larger serving size (> or = 2 oz vs. <2 oz); however, this association was significant for 'other game' consumption only. CONCLUSIONS: Participants who consumed wild game had higher PbB than those who did not consume wild game. Careful review of butchering practices and monitoring of meat-packing processes may decrease lead exposure from wild game consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Very few studies have examined the association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and phthalate exposure in humans. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of phthalates on symptoms of ADHD in school-age children. METHODS: A cross-sectional examination of urine phthalate concentrations was performed, and scores on measures of ADHD symptoms and neuropsychological dysfunction with regard to attention and impulsivity were obtained from 261 Korean children, age 8-11 years. RESULTS: Mono-2-ethylheyl phthalate (MEHP) and mono-2-ethyl-5-oxohexylphthalate (MEOP) for metabolites of Di-2-ethylhexylphthalate (DEHP) and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MNBP) for metabolites of dibutyl phthalate (DBP) were measured in urine samples. The mean concentrations of MEHP, MEOP, and MNBP were 34.0 microg/dL (SD = 36.3; range: 2.1-386.7), 23.4 microg/dL (SD = 23.0; range: .75-244.8), and 46.7 microg/L (SD = 21.4; range: 13.2-159.3), respectively. After adjustment for covariates, teacher-rated ADHD scores were significantly associated with DEHP metabolites but not with DBP metabolites. We also found significant relationships between the urine concentrations of metabolites for DBP and the number of omission and commission errors in continuous performance tests (CPT) after adjustment for covariates. CONCLUSION: The present study showed a strong positive association between phthalate metabolites in urine and symptoms of ADHD among school-age children. 
BACKGROUND: The etiologies of the male urogenital anomalies cryptorchidism and hypospadias are poorly understood. It has been suggested, however, that in utero hormone levels may be related to risk. Endocrine-disrupting chemicals, including polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) compounds, may alter hormone levels and thereby affect the fetus. OBJECTIVES: To examine whether in utero PCB exposure is related to cryptorchidism and hypospadias, we examined PCB levels among pregnant women enrolled in the Collaborative Perinatal Project (CPP). METHODS: The CPP enrolled pregnant women at 12 U.S. medical centers between 1959 and 1965. For the present research, we analyzed third-trimester serum samples from the mothers of 230 sons with cryptorchidism, 201 sons with hypospadias, and 593 sons with neither condition. We estimated adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using logistic regression and examined the associations of each anomaly with individual PCB congener levels, sum of PCBs, and several functional groupings of PCBs. RESULTS: In general, the ORs for cryptorchidism or hypospadias showed no notable associations with individual PCB congener levels or functional groupings of PCBs. However, the ORs and 95% CIs for the sum of PCBs associated with hypospadias were as follows: 0-1.9 microg/L, reference group; 2-2.9 microg/L, OR = 1.57, 95% CI, 1.05-2.34; 3-3.9 microg/L, OR = 1.45, 95% CI, 0.90-2.34; and > or = 4.0 microg/L, OR = 1.69, 95% CI, 1.06-2.68; p-value for trend = 0.08. CONCLUSIONS: Given the large number of associations examined, these findings do not strongly support the hypothesis that PCBs are associated with cryptorchidism or hypospadias. Because population serum PCB levels at the time of sample collection were considerably higher than levels at present, it is unlikely that current PCB exposure is related to the development of either anomaly. 
This study evaluated the association between the main plasma endogenous non-enzymatic antioxidant components and the increase in human antioxidant capacity (AC) after acute coffee intake. Ten adults were tested before and 90 min after consumption of coffee or water, in a crossover design, with a 7-day interval between tests. AC (FRAP and TRAP), ascorbic acid, -tocopherol and -tocopherol, albumin, bilirubin and uric acid were analyzed in plasma/serum. After coffee consumption FRAP and TRAP increased 2.6% and 7.6% (P<0.05), whereas after water consumption FRAP and TRAP decreased 2.5% and 1.0% (P <0.05), respectively. In general, AC assays correlated with uric acid and -tocopherol (r >0.75; P <0.04), independently of treatment and time point. Changes in AC assays after coffee intake did not correlate with endogenous components, which remained unchanged. These results suggest that coffee components spare endogenous antioxidants or are themselves the main contributors to plasma AC increase after coffee intake.
A fast method for the measurement of metabolites of pyrene in urine was improved by HPLC with fluorescence detector using "heart-cut" technique. This method can quantify the total amount of pyrene metabolites corresponding to glucuronic acid and sulfate conjugates as well as free 1-OH-Py. The hydrolyzed biological fluid was directly injected into the chromatographic system, via a column-switching system. Pre-treatment and analysis were performed within 0.5 and 9 min, respectively. Enzymatic hydrolysis has been optimized to not exceed 2 h. The best response function, in the 0.2-10 ng/mL range, is the linear regression, bringing simplicity, good accuracy, and low LOQ. The intra- and interday precision values were inferior to 1 and 2%, respectively. The proposed method provided a simple, convenient, and practical procedure to determine the level of the main urinary pyrene metabolites in biological samples.
OBJECTIVE: Immobilization and space flight are causes of disuse osteoporosis. Increasing calcium intake may counteract this disuse-induced bone loss. METHODS: We conducted two bedrest experiments (crossover design: bedrest versus ambulatory control) in a metabolic ward, studying the effect of 1000 mg/d of calcium intake (study A, length of intervention 14 d) compared with that of a high calcium intake of 2000 mg/d (study B, 6 d) on markers of bone turnover. Both studies were randomized, controlled studies with the subjects staying under well-controlled environmental conditions (study A, 9 male subjects, age 23.6+/-3.0 y; study B, 8 male subjects, age 25.5+/-2.9 y). Blood was drawn to analyze serum calcium, parathyroid hormone, procollagen type I C-terminal propeptide, and bone alkaline phosphatase. Urine (24-h) was collected for analysis of calcium, C-terminal telopeptide of collagen type I, and N-terminal telopeptide of collagen type I. RESULTS: In both studies, serum calcium levels remained unchanged. Procollagen type I C-terminal propeptide was lower (P=0.03) in the bedrest phase than in the ambulatory phase in study A and tended to be lower (P=0.08) in bedrest in study B, whereas bone alkaline phosphatase was not affected in either study. Urinary calcium excretion was greater during bedrest than during the ambulatory phase (study A, P=0.005; study B, P=0.002). C-terminal telopeptide of collagen type I excretion was also greater during bedrest in both studies (study A, P<0.001; study B, P<0.001). CONCLUSION: Doubling calcium intake to 2000 mg/d does not prevent increased bone resorption induced by bedrest. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are ubiquitous global pollutants. Limited studies suggested that PAH may interfere with thyroid function in animals, but little is known about humans. A population of 480 Chinese males was recruited. Using LC-MS/MS, four urinary metabolites of PAH including 1-hydroxynaphthalene (1-N), 2-hydroxynaphthalene (2-N), 1-hydroxypyrene (1-P) and 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-F) were measured in spot urinary samples, which were adjusted by urinary creatinine (CR). Blood samples were collected for measuring serum levels of thyroid hormones including total thyroxine (TT4), free triiodothyronine (FT3), free thyroxine (FT4) and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). The median CR-adjusted urine PAH concentrations of 1-N, 2-N, 1-P, 2-F were 2.306, 4.047, 1.155 and 2.899 microg g(-1) of CR, respectively. Significant p-values for trend were found for men with higher 2-F tertiles and were more likely to possess high-reference TSH levels. In addition, the multivariate linear regression models showed significant positive correlations for TSH levels with increased CR-adjusted 2-F concentration. No significant associations were found between other thyroid hormones levels and PAH metabolite concentrations. These results indicated that PAH exposure might be related to altered male thyroid hormone levels, but further study is needed to confirm these observed findings.
Stir-bar sorptive extraction and automated thermal desorption/cryotrapping interfaced to capillary gas chromatography and electron capture negative ion mass spectrometry is shown to effectively isolate and recover polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polybrominated biphenyls from sheep and human serum. This paper describes the development of the method and demonstrates the feasibility of using Twister with spiked serum. Conditions for conducting stir-bar sorptive extraction and for automated thermal desorption that led to acceptable analyte recoveries were optimized. The approach to sample preparation introduced here significantly reduces tedious labor and solvent consumption associated with conventional liquid-liquid extraction.
BACKGROUND: Artificial sports fields are increasingly being used for sports. Recycled rubber from automotive and truck scrap rubber tires are used as an infill material for football grounds. There are concerns that football players may be at risk due to exposure from released compounds from rubber infill. Compounds from crumb infill may be inhaled and dermal exposure may occur. A study was performed to assess the exposure of football players to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons due to sporting on synthetic ground with rubber crumb infill. METHODS: In this study, football players were trained and had a match on the artificial turf pitch during 2.5 h. They had an intensive skin contact with rubber infill. All urine of seven nonsmoking football players was collected over a 3-day period, the day before sporting, the day of sporting and the day after sporting. Urine samples were analyzed for 1-hydroxypyrene. Confounding exposure from environmental sources and diet was controlled for. RESULTS: The individual increase of the amount of excretion over time was used as a measure to assess the uptake of PAH. It appeared that the baseline of excreted 1-hydroxypyrene in 4 of 7 volunteers was sufficient stable and that 1 volunteer out of 4 showed after the 2.5-h period of training and match on the playground an increase in hydroxypyrene in urine. However, concomitant dietary uptake of PAH by this volunteer was observed. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence that uptake of PAH by football players active on artificial grounds with rubber crumb infill is minimal. If there is any exposure, than the uptake is very limited and within the range of uptake of PAH from environmental sources and/or diet. 
Cereal consumption is a common dietary behavior that has been associated with positive health outcomes. The objective of this study was to examine prospective associations between cereal intake in childhood and percent body fat, waist-to-hip ratio, lipid levels, and physical activity during late adolescence. In this longitudinal investigation (data collected 1987-1997), data were analyzed for the 2,379 girls who participated in the 10-year National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study. The cumulative percent of days that each girl consumed cereal during childhood (based on 3-day food diaries collected during six study visits between ages 11.5 and 18.6 years) was examined in relation to percent body fat, waist-to-hip ratio, lipid levels, and physical activity measured at age 18.6 years. Results indicated that nearly all girls (90.1%) reported eating cereal and 18.7% reported eating cereal on half or more of the days reported in the food diaries. Girls who ate cereal on a greater percentage of days during childhood had lower percent body fat and total cholesterol, and were more likely to exhibit high levels of physical activity and less television viewing during Study Year 10 (P values<0.05). Further research should explore lifestyle issues related to cereal consumption.
AIMS: The Questionnaire for Urinary Incontinence Diagnosis (QUID), a 6-item urinary incontinence (UI) symptom questionnaire, was developed and validated to distinguish stress and urge UI. This study's objective was to evaluate QUID validity and responsiveness when used as a clinical trial outcome measure. METHODS: Participants enrolled in a multi-center trial of non-surgical therapy (continence pessary, pelvic floor muscle training or combined) for stress-predominant UI and completed baseline and 3-month diaries, the Urinary Distress Inventory (UDI) and QUID. Data from all treatment groups were pooled. QUID internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha) and convergent/discriminant validity (Pearson correlations) were evaluated. Responsiveness to change was assessed with 3-month score outcomes and distribution-based measurements. RESULTS: Four hundred forty-four women (mean age 50) were enrolled with stress (N = 200) and mixed (N = 244) UI; 344 had 3-month data. Baseline QUID Stress and Urge scores (both scaled 0-15, larger values indicating worse UI) were 8.4 +/- 3.2 and 4.5 +/- 3.3, respectively. Internal consistency of QUID Total, Stress, and Urge scores was 0.75, 0.64 and 0.87, respectively. QUID Stress scores correlated moderately with UDI-Stress scores (r = 0.68, P < 0.0001) and diary stress UI episodes (r = 0.41, P < 0.0001). QUID Urge scores correlated moderately with UDI-Irritative scores (r = 0.68, P < 0.0001) and diary urge UI episodes (r = 0.45, P < 0.0001). Three-month QUID Stress and Urge scores improved (4.1 +/- 3.4 and 2.2 +/- 2.7, both P < 0.0001). QUID Stress score effect size (1.3) and standardized response mean (1.2) suggested a large change after therapy. CONCLUSION: The QUID has acceptable psychometric characteristics and may be used as a UI outcome measure in clinical trials. 
UNLABELLED: We conducted a study to characterize the variability in the upper limit of normal (ULN) for alanine aminotransferase (ALT) across different laboratories (labs) in Indiana and to understand factors leading to such variability. A survey was mailed to all eligible labs (n = 108) in Indiana, and the response rate was 62%. The survey queried for ALT ULN, the type of chemical analyzer used, five College of American Pathologists (CAP) sample results, and methods used to establish the reference interval. There was a wide variability in the ALT ULN for both men and women. Eighty-five percent of labs used chemical analyzers belonging to one of the four brands. For all five CAP samples, there was a statistically significant difference in ALT values measured by different analyzers (P < 0.0001), but these differences were not clinically significant. The majority of labs used the manufacturers' recommendations for establishing their ALT ULN rather than in-house healthy volunteer testing (only 17%). When healthy volunteers were tested, the process for testing was haphazard in terms of the number of individuals tested, frequency of testing, and criteria for choosing the reference population. After controlling for chemical analyzer type, there was no significant relationship between ALT ULN values and the method used for its establishment. CONCLUSION: Wide variability in ALT ULN across different labs is more likely due to variable reference intervals of different chemical analyzers. It may be possible to minimize variability in ALT ULN by (1) each lab solely following the manufacturers' recommendations and (2) manufacturers of different analyzers following consistent and rigorous methodology in establishing the reference range. Alternatively, studies should be undertaken to identify outcome-based reference intervals for ALT. 
OBJECTIVE: To describe the relative validity and reliability of the FFQ used for assessing nutrient intakes of participants in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS). DESIGN: A total of 132 subjects (sixty-one males and seventy-one females) were included in the study. Dietary data were collected monthly by means of twelve 24 h dietary recalls (24hDR). Subjects completed two, 168-item semi-quantitative FFQ. Blood and urine samples were taken every season for measurement of plasma biomarkers and urinary N and K. RESULTS: Mean age and BMI of the participants were 35.5 (sd 16.8) years and 25.5 (sd 5.2) kg/m2, respectively. The mean energy-adjusted and deattenuated correlation coefficients for overall nutrient intake between the 24hDR and FFQ2 were 0.44 and 0.37 in <or=35-year-olds and >35-year-olds, respectively, and for individual nutrients ranged from 0.24 to 0.71 in men (mean r = 0.53) and from 0.11 to 0.60 in women (mean r = 0.39). The mean energy-adjusted reliability coefficients varied from 0.48 in <or=35-year-olds to 0.65 in >35-year-olds, and ranged from 0.41 to 0.79 in men (mean r = 0.59) and from 0.39 to 0.74 in women (mean r = 0.60). The FFQ2 and 24hDR produced exact agreement rates ranging between 39.6 % and 68.3 % in men and between 39.6 % and 54.1 % in women. The ranges of questionnaire validity coefficients, with the sample correlation between the questionnaires and biochemical marker as the lower limit and the estimate obtained by the method of triads as the upper limit, were 0.21-0.56 (protein) and 0.37-0.61 (K). CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ developed for the TLGS has reasonable relative validity and reliability for nutrient intakes in Tehranian adults. 
Heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are potent mutagens/carcinogens to which humans are frequently exposed through the consumption of cooked meat and fish food. The effect of normal intake of HCAs and their role in the aetiology of human cancer is unknown. To some extent, limitations of the existing analytical methods in monitoring the low levels of HCAs in biological samples have hindered obtaining conclusive results. In this study, a method for the analysis of HCAs in human urine has been studied to detect HCAs and metabolites at levels resulting from consumption of food cooked at ordinary conditions. The analytical method consisted of extraction and clean-up by the novel technique liquid-phase microextraction combined with LC-MS/MS. The effect of pH during the extraction and hydrolysis step was examined. High sensitivity was achieved when the extraction was performed in raw urine adjusted to pH 5.5, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine being detected from 2 pg/g urine, levels comparable with a normal exposure. Good reproducibility and repeatability was obtained for 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine and 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline, below 9% using isotopic dilution. The performance of the method on 9H-pyrido[3,4-b]indole, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-(4'-hydroxyphenyl)imidazo[4,5-b]pyridine and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-(5-hydroxy)phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine was also studied.
Phthalates may act as an estrogen and are a potential risk factor for estrogen-related diseases such as endometriosis. We assessed the association between phthalate exposure and endometriosis in 166 consecutive women who presented at a university hospital for consultation regarding infertility. The subjects were interviewed and provided a urine specimen prior to a laparoscopic diagnosis of endometriosis. They were then categorized by the severity of endometriosis as controls (stages 0-I) and cases (stages II-IV). Urinary concentrations of the phthalate metabolites monoethyl phthalate, mono-n-butyl phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate, and mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate were measured in 57 cases and 80 controls using high-performance liquid chromatography isotope-dilution tandem mass spectrometry. Adjusted odds ratios for endometriosis in relation to dichotomized individual phthalate metabolites (standardized for creatinine) were calculated. No significant association between endometriosis and any urinary creatinine-adjusted phthalate monoester was seen. Adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval) for higher dichotomized MEHP by endometriosis was 1.57 (0.74-3.30). No monotonic trend was seen in urinary creatinine-adjusted concentration of phthalate metabolites by endometriosis stage (p=0.23-0.90). Our results do not support the hypothesis that higher urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites are associated with the risk of endometriosis in infertile Japanese women.
Hypothyroxinemia in rats has been well documented as a result of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Hypothetical mechanisms include induction of hepatic catabolic enzymes and cellular hormone transporters, and/or interference with plasma transport proteins. We hypothesized that if thyroxine displacement from transport proteins by PCBs occurs in vivo, it would result in increased free thyroxine (FT4). This study investigates the effects of a single oral dose of 2,2',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (PCB 153 at 60 mg/kg) or 3,3',4,4',5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (PCB 169 at 1 mg/kg) on rats at 28 or 76 days of age. Total thyroxine (TT4) and FT4 were measured at 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8, 24, or 48 hours post-dosing. Microsomal ethoxy- and pentoxy-resorufin-O-deethylase (EROD and PROD) activity and uridine diphosphoglucuronosyl transferase (UGT) activity were determined. No significant increase in TT4 or FT4 concentrations was seen at any time point. PCB 153 significantly decreased TT4 and FT4 in young and adult rats, with young rats showing a time-by-treatment interaction from 2 to 48 hours post-dosing in serum FT4. With PCB 169 exposure, young rats showed a decrease in FT4 only, whereas adult rats showed decreases in TT4 only. Hepatic EROD and PROD activities were both dramatically increased following PCB 169 and 153, respectively. Uridine diphosphoglucuronosyl transferase activity was increased only after PCB 169 exposure. These data demonstrate that neither PCB 153 nor PCB169 increased FT4, which supports the conclusion that these PCBs do not displace thyroxine from serum TTR, or if it does occur, there is no subsequent increase in serum FT4 in vivo.
Despite the tradition of a diet high in fish oils and abundant physical activity, coronary artery disease is increasing among Alaska Eskimos. Explanations for this observation include lifestyle changes. In this cross-sectional analysis, we evaluated dietary patterns of Alaska Eskimos and investigated the relations between these dietary patterns and known cardiovascular risk factors, including inflammatory markers. We used a principal component analysis with data from FFQ collected in 2000-2004 to determine dietary patterns of Alaska Eskimos. Four dietary patterns were identified: a traditional pattern, plus 3 patterns based on purchased food, one of which reflected healthy food choices. The traditional dietary pattern was associated with lower triglycerides (P < 0.001) and blood pressure (P = 0.04) and slightly higher LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) (P = 0.05). Whereas the healthy purchased diet was associated with a trend toward lower LDL-C (P = 0.09), the beverages and sweets diet was positively associated with LDL-C (P = 0.02). Diet pattern was not associated with inflammatory markers or pathogen burden. Our data show that the traditional diet is related to a better profile of cardiovascular disease risk factors and should be encouraged. Programs are needed to encourage the availability of healthy food choices for those not able to obtain traditional foods.
Endogenous estrogens play an integral role in the etiology of breast, endometrial, and, possibly, ovarian cancers. Estrogen metabolism yields products that are potentially both estrogenic and genotoxic, yet individual metabolic patterns are just beginning to be explored in epidemiologic studies. Within the Nurses' Health Study II, we examined reproducibility of 15 urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites (EM) among 110 premenopausal women with three luteal-phase urine samples collected over 3 years. EM were measured by a recently developed high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS(2)) method with high sensitivity, specificity, and precision. We assessed Spearman correlations and intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) across the three samples. Correlations between urinary estrone or estradiol and EM were only modest (r = 0.1-0.5). The 2- and 4-hydroxylation pathways were highly correlated (r = 0.9) but weakly inversely correlated with the 16-hydroxylation pathway (r = -0.2). Within-woman reproducibility over time was fairly high for the three pathways, with ICCs ranging from 0.52 (16-hydroxylation pathway) to 0.72 (2-hydroxylation pathway). ICCs were similarly high for 2-catechols and the individual catechols (ICCs = 0.58-0.72). Individual and grouped methylated 2-catechols had fairly high ICCs (0.51-0.62), but methylated 4-catechols had low ICCs (0.14-0.27). These data indicate that, in general, urinary EM levels vary substantially among individuals compared with intraindividual variability. Within-person reproducibility over time for most EM measures is comparable to or better than that for well-vetted biomarkers such as plasma cholesterol and, in postmenopausal women, estradiol.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the content and face validity of the Danish Prostate Symptom Score (DAN-PSS-1) questionnaire in stroke patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Content validity was judged among an expert panel in neuro-urology. The judgement was measured by the content validity index (CVI). Face validity was indicated in a clinical sample of 482 stroke patients in a hospital-based, cross-sectional survey. RESULTS: I-CVI was rated >0.78 (range 0.94-1.00) for 75% of symptom and bother items corresponding to adequate content validity. The expert panel rated the entire DAN-PSS-1 questionnaire highly relevant (S-CVI = 1.00). No experts suggested items omitted or improved. The response rate was 84% and face validity had an acceptable level of completed response for each symptom items (96-98%) and bother items (93-96%) indicating that all items were well interpreted. CONCLUSION: The DAN-PSS-1 questionnaire appears to be content and face valid for measuring lower urinary tract symptoms after stroke. 
We measured the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and non-dioxin-like PCBs in paired samples of blood and breast milk collected from 89 primiparous mothers in Sapporo City, Japan, and studied the relationships of these compounds between blood and breast milk for these women plus 30 primiparous mothers in whom these data had been previously reported. The present study is one of the few studies in which the concentration distributions of PCDDs, PCDFs, dioxin-like PCBs, and non-dioxin-like PCBs have been investigated in blood and breast milk collected from the same mothers. The arithmetic mean TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in blood and breast milk of these 119 subjects were 8.2, 2.9, 5.1, and 0.4 pg TEQ g(-1)lipid, respectively, and 4.8, 2.0, 4.0, and 0.4 pg TEQ g(-1)lipid, respectively, with the total TEQ concentrations of these dioxin-like compounds being 7.0-36 (mean: 17, median: 14) and 5.7-41 (mean: 11, median: 10) pg TEQ g(-1)lipid, respectively. The sums of the concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners that were measured in the subjects' blood and breast milk were 43-445 (mean: 120, median: 106) and 34-366 (mean: 90, median: 81) ng g(-1)lipid, respectively, indicating that the total TEQ concentration and the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in the maternal blood were notably higher than those in the breast milk. Statistically significant correlations were observed between maternal age and the total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs or the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in maternal blood, and significant correlations were also observed between maternal age and the total TEQ concentration of these dioxin-like compounds or the total concentration of 56 PCB congeners in breast milk. The total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs in maternal blood showed a close correlation to that in subjects' breast milk, and there was also good correlation between the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in maternal blood and that in subjects' breast milk. Pearson and Spearman correlation analyses showed a relationship between the total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs and the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in maternal blood, and also showed an association between the total TEQ concentration of these dioxin-like compounds and the total concentration of 56 PCB congeners in breast milk. The concentration of hexaCB-153 in maternal blood showed significant correlations to the total TEQ concentration of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs or the total concentration of 56 non-dioxin-like PCBs in that sample. Moreover, the concentration of hexaCB-153 in breast milk also showed significant correlations to the total TEQ concentration of these dioxin-like compounds or the total concentration of 56 PCB congeners in that sample. These findings suggested that hexaCB-153 may be an indicator of total TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs and total concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners in blood and breast milk of primiparous mothers.
OBJECTIVES: To identify the difference in autonomic nervous dysfunction activity in men between voiding symptom-predominant lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and storage symptom-predominant LUTS. METHODS: A total of 39 men with LUTS (mean age 56.9 +/- 8.96 years) and 23 healthy men (mean age 57.0 +/- 1.76 years) were included in the present study. Seven questions numbered Q1 to Q7 in the order of appearance in International Prostate Symptom Score were divided into 2 clusters: one with Q1, Q3, Q5, and Q6 and the other with Q2, Q4, and Q7, representing voiding and storage symptoms, respectively. Patients were divided into either voiding symptom-predominant group, if mean voiding symptom score, defined as (Q1 + Q3 + Q5 + Q6)/4, is bigger than mean storage symptom score, defined as (Q2 +Q4 + Q7)/3, or storage symptom-predominant group otherwise. We measured and compared parameters of heart rate variability between men with LUTS and healthy normal subjects. We also compared heart rate variability of men between storage symptom-predominant LUTS and voiding symptom-predominant LUTS. RESULTS: On frequency domain analysis, there was evidence of decreased high frequency (HF) in patients with LUTS (P <.05). In comparison of autonomic nervous dysfunction activity in LUTS patients, men with voiding symptom-predominant LUTS had relatively increased ratio of low frequency and HF than what was observed in men with storage symptom-predominant LUTS. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with LUTS exhibited decreased HF indicated that they may have had some disease or imbalance in the autonomic nervous system, which may distinguish LUTS patients from healthy men. Also, patients with voiding symptom-predominant LUTS had relatively increased sympathetic activity than storage symptom-predominant LUTS patients. 
Specific recommendations for anemic individuals consist in increasing red meat intake, but the population at large is advised to reduce consumption of red meat and increase that of fish, in order to prevent the risk of developing cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to determine the effects of consuming an oily fish compared to a red meat diet on iron status in women with low iron stores. The study was designed attending the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) statement guidelines. It was a randomised crossover dietary intervention study of two 8-week periods. Twenty-five young women with low iron stores completed the study. Two diets containing a total of 8 portions of fish, meat and poultry per week were designed differing only in their oily fish or red meat content (5 portions per week). At the beginning and the end of each period blood samples were taken and hemoglobin, hematocrit, serum ferritin, serum iron, serum transferrin, serum transferrin receptor-2 and the Zn-protoporphyrin/free-protoporphyrin ratio were determined. Food intake and body weight were monitored. During the oily fish diet, PUFA intake was significantly higher (p=0.010) and iron intake lower (mean+/-SD, 11.5+/-3.4 mg/day vs. 13.9+/-0.1 mg/day, p=0.008), both diets providing lower mean daily iron intake than recommended for menstruating women. Although there were no significant differences after 16 weeks, serum ferritin moderately decreased and soluble transferrin receptor increased with the oily fish, while changes with the red meat diet were the opposite. In conclusion, an oily fish diet compared to a red meat diet does not decrease iron status after 8 weeks in iron deficient women.
An open-labeled randomized trial with parallel groups was carried out to study the effects of Dif1stat (Monascus purpureus-Linear aliphatic alcohols-Niacin) in the treatment of primary moderate hypercholesterolemia. The trial lasted 8 months. The patients, males and females, were assigned to two groups: A (#130), treated with diet, and B (#110) submitted to diet + Dif1stat. After 4 months, group A did not show significant changes in Total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDLC), HDL-cholesterol (HDLC) or non-HDL-cholesterol (non-HDLC). The same group, showed a reduction in TC (-22%), LDLC (-30%) and non-HDLC (-27%) after 8 months (P < or = 0.001). After 4 months, TC (-21.3%), LDLC (-29%), and non-HDLC (-26%) were significantly lowered in group B (P < or = 0.001). In group B, TC, LDLC and non-HDLC showed a further reduction after 8 months: -29.4, -38 and -37%, respectively (P < or = 0.001). Even triglycerides (TG) decreased significantly (-33%) (P < or = 0.001). After 8 months, group B showed a significant reduction of TG (-33%) (P < or = 0.001), when compared to group A. Some safety parameters were significantly reduced in both groups: AST and gamma-GT in group A after 4 and 8 months, as well as ALT, AST and gamma-GT in group B after 8 months (P < or = 0.001). Dif1stat, given with a suitable diet, was well tolerated in the long-term and induced an anti-atherogenic plasma lipid and lipoprotein profile, in patients with moderate hypercholesterolemia.
OBJECTIVE: With the upsurge in online dietary modification programmes, online dietary assessment tools are needed to capture food intake. Although the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet is recommended by the US Department of Agriculture, there are no online instruments that capture DASH food servings. Our objective was to assess the validity of a new, short, online dietary questionnaire developed to capture intake of DASH food servings. The DASH Online Questionnaire (OLQ) was validated against the well-known Block Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ). DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional validation of the DASH OLQ, which contained eleven food groups (breakfast cereals; dairy; drinks; fats and oils; fruits; grains and snacks; meat, fish and poultry; mixed dishes; sweets; vegetables; and nuts, seeds and legumes). Each subject completed a DASH OLQ once weekly for four weeks and one 98.2 Block FFQ (110 questions) between weeks 2 and 4. DASH OLQ were averaged and then compared with the Block FFQ for nutrient intakes as well as intakes of DASH food groups. SETTING: Boston University Medical Center, Boston, Massachusetts. SUBJECTS: One hundred and ninety-one faculty and staff at Boston University Medical Center aged 20-70 years. RESULTS: There were significant positive correlations between the Block FFQ and the DASH OLQ for all food groups ranging from r = 0.8 for the nuts/seeds/legumes category to r = 0.3 for vegetables and mixed dishes. A comparison of nutrient intakes found strong positive correlations in all nutrient categories. Of particular interest in the DASH diet and the web-based nutrition and physical activity programme were total fat (r = 0.62), total carbohydrate (r = 0.67), total K (r = 0.68), total Ca (r = 0.69), total vitamin C (r = 0.60) and total energy intake (r = 0.68). CONCLUSIONS: The DASH OLQ captures food and nutrient intake well in relation to the more established Block FFQ. 
OBJECTIVES: To assess dermal exposure to 16 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in asphalt workers by applying polypropylene pads to six body sites (neck, shoulder, upper arm, wrist, groin, ankle), to identify the compounds and exposure sites most representative, and to integrate dermal exposure results with environmental and biological data. METHODS: Twenty-four asphalt workers were recruited. Dermal exposure was assessed during a single work shift. Sixteen PAHs (from naphthalene to indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene) were quantified via gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Airborne exposure, urinary PAHs and monohydroxy metabolites were also investigated. RESULTS: Phenanthrene (PHE), present in all samples, was the most abundant compound (median 0.805-1.825 ng/cm(2)). Benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) was present in 75% of the samples (0.046-0.101 ng/cm(2)). Wrist had the highest contamination, with median PHE, pyrene (PYR), and BaP concentrations of 1.825, 0.527, and 0.063 ng/cm(2). PHE and PYR on wrist correlated with almost all 3- to 4-ring PAHs (0.405< or =r< or =0.856), but not with BaP; BaP correlated with almost all 4- to 6- ring PAHs (0.584< or =r< or =0.633). Significant correlations were observed between PHE level, airborne exposure, and the corresponding urinary PHE and monohydroxy metabolites. For PYR, significant correlations existed only between urinary PYR and monohydroxy metabolites. Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that 42% of the end-of-shift monohydroxy metabolites were the result of airborne exposure, dermal exposure, and baseline levels of biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: Dermal exposure to PAHs was in the low ng/cm(2) range. PHE or PYR and BaP were the most representative compounds and the wrist was the best location to perform dermal exposure assessments. Both dermal and airborne exposure contributed to the total body burden of PAHs, though the relative contribution was analyte-dependent. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are potential persistent organic pollutants which have raised many concerns in recent years. Research focusing on children exposure to PBDEs is important but insufficient. The levels and patterns of PBDEs in children's plasma from Dalian, China were studied for the first time. Seventeen PBDE congeners (BDE-30, 28, 35, 37, 75, 47, 66, 100, 99, 116, 155, 154, 153, 183, 181, 190 and 209) in 29 plasma samples were measured. Median PBDE concentration was 31.61 ng g(-1) lipid. BDE-153 was the dominant congener, followed by BDE-99, 47, and 183. High abundance of BDE-183 suggested a higher Octa-BDE use in China. No significant differences were observed between males and females or among different age groups. The levels of PBDEs in children's plasma in the present study were 9-30 times higher than those in non-occupational exposure people from Guangzhou, South China and those in human milk of general adults from other cities of China, but were at the moderate levels of those in children around the world. These results indicate that children in Dalian are at a high risk of exposure to PBDEs.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are environmental toxicants, which affect male fertility by altering the androgen and estrogen levels. PCB-induced toxic manifestations are associated with the production of reactive oxygen species. Vitamin E (-tocopherol) is a major lipophilic chain breaking antioxidant, which protects polyunsaturated fatty acids in tissues against peroxidation, a property that could be beneficial in the male reproductive biology. The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of -tocopherol on PCB (Aroclor 1254)-induced changes in androgen receptor (AR) and estrogen receptors (ERs) expression in Wistar rat ventral prostate. Rats were divided into 3 groups of 6 animals each. Group I rats were administered corn oil (vehicle) intraperitoneally (i.p.); Group II rats were treated with 2 mg kg(-1)day(-1) of PCB (i.p.); Group III rats were treated with 2 mg kg(-1)day(-1) of PCB (i.p.) along with simultaneous oral supplementation of 50 mg kg(-1)day(-1) of -tocopherol. Serum testosterone and estradiol titers were assayed. Prostatic acid phosphatase activity (PAcP), citric acid concentration, generation of hydrogen peroxide (H(2)O(2)) and lipid peroxides (LPO) were estimated. mRNA and protein expression of AR, ER- and ER- in ventral prostate were quantified. Serum testosterone, estradiol, PAcP, citric acid levels, AR and ER- expressions were significantly decreased while H(2)O(2) generation, LPO, ER- were increased in PCB-exposed animals. Simultaneous supplementation of -tocopherol in PCB-exposed rats resulted in significant restoration of all the parameters to the control. The results suggest that -tocopherol has definite protective effect against PCB-induced toxicity in ventral prostatic dysfunction.
A limited number of studies have suggested that exposure to PAHs may affect reproductive hormones. Subjects (n=642) in this study were from the affiliated hospitals of Nanjing Medical University. Individual exposures to PAHs were measured as spot urinary concentrations of four PAH metabolites, including 1-naphthol (1-N), 2-naphthol (2-N), 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-OF) and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OP), which were adjusted by urinary creatinine (CR). Blood samples were collected to measure serum levels of reproductive hormones, including follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), luteotrophic hormone (LH), estradiol (E2), testosterone (T) and prolactin (PRL). All of the subjects had detectable levels of the four metabolites of PAHs in their urine samples. The median concentrations of 1-N, 2-N, 2-OF and 1-OP were 2.440, 4.176, 2.843 and 1.148 microg/g of CR. There were significant P-values between increased CR-adjusted 1-N tertiles and E2 concentration, 2-OF tertiles and LH, FSH level, 1-OP and E2 level. The multivariate linear regression results also showed significant correlation between the levels of serum LH and 1-OP (the adjusting P-value was 0.048), but no correlations were found between other hormones and the level of PAH metabolites. These observed correlations between levels of hydroxy-PAH and some altered hormones indicated slight endocrine effects on adult men with PAH exposure.
For various reasons, many people suspected of driving under the influence of alcohol (DUIA) are not apprehended sitting behind the wheel, but some time after the driving. This gives them the opportunity to claim they drank alcohol after the time of driving or after they were involved in a road-traffic crash. Alleged post-offence drinking is not easy for the prosecution to disprove, which often means that the DUIA charge is dropped or the person is acquitted if the case goes to trial. The routine practice of sampling and measuring the concentration of alcohol in blood (BAC) and urine (UAC) and calculating urine/blood ratios (UAC/BAC) and the changes in UAC between two successive voids furnishes useful information to support or challenge alleged drinking after driving. We present here a retrospective case series of DUIA offenders (N=40) in half of which there was supporting evidence of an after-drink (eye witness or police reports) and in the other half no such evidence existed apart from the suspect's admission. When there was supporting evidence of an after-drink, the UAC/BAC ratio for the first void was close to or less than unity (mean 1.04, median 1.08, range 0.54-1.21) and the UAC increased by 0.21 g/L (range 0.02-0.57) between the two voids. Without any supporting evidence of post-offence drinking the mean UAC/BAC ratio was 1.46 (range 1.35-1.93) for the first void, verifying that absorption and distribution of alcohol in all body fluids and tissues was complete. In these cases, the UAC between successive voids decreased by 0.25 g/L on average (range 0.10-0.49), indicating the post-absorptive phase of the BAC curve. Long experience from investigating claims of post-offence drinking leads us to conclude that in the vast majority of cases this lacks any substance and is simply a last resort by DUIA offenders to evade justice. Unless supporting evidence exists (eye witness, police reports, etc.) of post-offence drinking the courts are encouraged to ignore this defence argument.
In an attempt to develop blood lymphocyte cytochrome P450 expression profile as a surrogate to monitor tissue enzyme, the present study aimed to identify the expression and regulation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) responsive CYPs in freshly prepared rat blood lymphocytes. Semi-quantitative and RT-PCR studies demonstrated constitutive and inducible mRNA expression of CYP1A1, 1A2, 1B1 isoenzymes and the associated transcription factors, aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) and AhR translocator (ARNT) in blood lymphocytes. Absolute quantification using RT-PCR revealed several fold lower basal expression of CYP1A1, 1A2 and 1B1 in lymphocytes when compared to the liver. However, significant increase in the mRNA expression of these isoenzymes as well as AhR and ARNT in lymphocytes following pretreatment with 3-methylcholanthrene (MC) have demonstrated that responsiveness is retained in the blood lymphocytes, though the magnitude of increase is several fold lower when compared to liver. This increase in the mRNA expression was found to be associated with an increase in the protein expression of CYP1A1 and 1A2 in blood lymphocytes. Further, CYPs expressed in blood lymphocytes catalysed the O-dealkylation of 7-ethoxy- and 7-methoxyresorufins (ER or MR), though the reactivity was several fold lower in lymphocytes when compared to the liver enzyme. Our data providing quantitative evidence for similarities in the regulation of PAH-regulated CYP in uncultured and non-mitogen stimulated blood lymphocytes with the liver enzyme has led us to suggest that blood lymphocytes could be used as a surrogate to monitor tissue expression of CYPs.
Reduced heart rate variability (HRV) and increased C-reactive protein (CRP) levels are both predictors of coronary artery disease and correlate with each other. We examined whether these 2 phenotypes share a common genetic substrate and investigated the relations of the CRP gene polymorphisms with both CRP levels and HRV indexes. We examined 236 male twins free of symptomatic coronary artery disease, with a mean age +/- SD of 54 +/- 2.9 years. The plasma CRP levels were measured and the frequency domain measures of HRV were assessed using a 24-hour electrocardiographic recording, including ultra-low-, very-low-, low-, and high-frequency power. Three single-nucleotide polymorphisms in the CRP gene were genotyped. Generalized estimating equations were used to examine the association between CRP and HRV, as well as the genotype-phenotype association. Bivariate structural equation modeling was performed to estimate the genetic and environmental correlations between CRP and HRV and the explanatory effect of CRP gene polymorphisms on the CRP-HRV association. Both CRP (h(2) = 0.76) and HRV indexes (h(2) = 0.56 to 0.64) showed high heritability. Greater CRP levels were significantly associated with lower HRV. A robust genetic correlation was found between CRP and ultra-low-frequency power (r(G) = -0.3, p = 0.001). One CRP single nucleotide polymorphism (rs1205) was significantly associated with both CRP (p = 0.003) and ultra-low-frequency power (p = 0.005) and explained 11% of the genetic covariance between them. In conclusion, reduced HRV correlates significantly with increased CRP plasma levels and this correlation is due, in large part, to common genetic influences. A polymorphism in the CRP gene contributes to both CRP levels and HRV.
This study aimed to present the content validity and reliability analyses of an instrument to study the determinant factors of salt consumption among hypertensive subjects, based on an extension of the Theory of Planned Behavior. Content validity was assessed by 3 experts and a pre-test was carried out with 5 subjects. The final tool, comprising 3 different behaviors related to salt consumption and corresponding psychosocial variables, was applied to 32 subjects for internal consistency and temporal stability (15-day interval) analysis. Cronbach's alpha coefficients > 0.70 and significant intra-class correlation coefficients were observed for most variables, indicating the temporal stability of the measured concepts. The developed instrument exhibited evidence of both content validity and reliability.
AIM OF THE STUDY: To determine the pharmacokinetics of gimatecan, a camptothecin with a lipophilic substitution in position 7, given orally to patients participating in the phase I study. METHODS: Pharmacokinetics was evaluated in 78 patients after oral daily dose for 5 days a week for 1, 2 or 3 weeks by HPLC with a fluorescence detector. RESULTS: Gimatecan was mainly present in plasma as lactone (>85%), the active form as DNA-topoisomerase I poison. The AUC(0-24) on the first day of treatment normalised per daily dose (mg/m(2)), ranged from 194 to 2909 ng h/mL/mg/m(2). The half-life was 77.1+/-29.6h, consequently C(max) and AUC rose 3-6-fold after multiple dosing. Multivariate analysis indicated the daily dose (p<0.0001) and the alpha(1)-acid glycoprotein (AGP) plasma levels (p<0.0001) as main predictors of gimatecan AUC(0-24). In the overall analysis, daily dose and AGP plasma levels explained 85% of the deviance. The hydroxy metabolite ST1698 was present in plasma at low levels with AUC values of 5-15% of gimatecan. In mice, orally treated with gimatecan, plasma and tissue levels were 2-fold higher after treatment with a pro-inflammatory agent causing AGP induction. CONCLUSIONS: Gimatecan is orally absorbed and its variable plasma levels seem to be related to AGP plasma concentrations. Data obtained in mice, together with the fact that AGP levels largely exceeded gimatecan plasma concentrations, suggest that the increased gimatecan levels in patients with high AGP levels are not related to the binding of the drug to AGP with consequent reduced tissue drug distribution, but possibly to other mechanism associated with inflammation being AGP simply a marker of the inflammation process. 
There is a need for objective biomarkers of dietary intake, because self-reporting is often subject to bias. We tested the validity of a biomarker for the fraction of dietary carbohydrate (CHO) from cane sugar and high fructose corn syrup (C(4) sugars) using natural (13)C abundance of plasma glucose. In a randomized, single-blinded, crossover design, 5 participants consumed 3 weight-maintaining diets for 7 d, with a 2-wk washout between diet periods. Diets differed in the fraction of total CHO energy from C(4) sugars (5, 16, or 32%). During each diet period, blood samples were drawn at hours 0800 and 1600 on d 1, 3, and 5 and at 0800, 1000, 1200, 1400, and 1600 on d 7. The delta(13)C abundance of plasma glucose was analyzed via GC- isotope ratio MS. Within each diet period, delta(13)C abundance of the 0800 fasting glucose did not change from baseline with increasing time during a diet period; however, there was a strong positive correlation (R(2) = 0.89) between delta(13)C abundance of the glucose concentration at 1000 on d 7 and the percent of breakfast CHO from C(4) sugars. Also, delta(13)C abundance of the combined plasma glucose samples on d 7 demonstrated a strong positive correlation (R(2) = 0.90) with the percent of total daily CHO from C(4) sugars. The natural delta(13)C abundance of postprandial plasma glucose relative to dietary C(4) CHO content was a valid biomarker for contributions of C(4) caloric sweeteners from the previous meal.
BACKGROUND: Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs), unlike PCBs, are in general readily excreted yet are still detected in humans and animals. Active transport of OH-PCBs across the placenta and hydroxylation of PCBs by the fetus suggest the potential for greater impact on the fetus compared with the parent PCB compounds, but little is known about their health effects, particularly in humans. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to evaluate the associations between prenatal OH-PCB exposure and neurodevelopment in children at 16 months of age in eastern Slovakia. METHODS: A birth cohort (n = 1,134) was enrolled during 2002-2004. We analyzed six OH-PCB metabolites (4-OH-CB-107, 3-OH-CB-153, 4-OH-CB-146, 3'-OH-CB-138, 4-OH-CB-187, and 4'-OH-CB-172) in a subset of the cohort. The Bayley Scales of Infant Development were administered to the children at the 16-month follow-up visit. We developed multiple linear regression models predicting standardized scores for the Mental Development Index (MDI) and Psychomotor Development Index (PDI) from maternal (n = 147) and cord (n = 80) serum OH-PCB concentrations, adjusting for sex of child, district, HOME (Home Observation for Measurement of the Environment) score, and maternal score on Raven's Progressive Matrices. RESULTS: Cord 4-OH-CB-107 was significantly associated with lower MDI (beta = -2.27; p = 0.01) and PDI (beta = -4.50; p = 0.004). Also, maternal 4-OH-CB-107 was significantly associated with lower MDI (beta = -1.76; p = 0.03) but not PDI. No other OH-PCB metabolites were associated with decreased PDI or MDI. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings showed a significant association of 4-OH-CB-107 with decreased MDI, which can possibly be mediated by endocrine disruption, altered neurotransmitter functions, or reduced thyroid hormone concentrations in brain. 
Folate deficiency has been implicated in the etiology of unipolar depression. In this study, we attempted to cross-link plasma folate, depressive symptoms, and dietary quality (or dietary intake of folate) together in a comprehensive framework, while examining effect modification of those associations by sex. This was a cross-sectional, population-based study of 1681 participants aged 30-64 y (Healthy Aging in Neighborhoods of Diversity across the Lifespan Study). Participants were administered the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale (CES-D). Measures of plasma folate and dietary intakes (2 24-h recalls) from which the 2005-Healthy Eating Index (HEI) was computed were available. Multivariate logistic regression and structural equation modeling (SM) were conducted. Compared with the lowest tertile, the middle and uppermost tertiles of plasma folate were associated with a 39-40% reduced odds of elevated CES-D (> or =16) among women [adjusted odds ratio (T(3) vs. T(1)) = 0.60 (95% CI = 0.42-0.86); P = 0.006]. Confounding of this association by HEI(total) was noted among both men and women, although dietary folate did not confound this association appreciably. In SM, plasma folate completely mediated the inverse HEI(total)-CES-D association among men only, specifically for HEI(2) (higher intakes of whole fruits), HEI(3) (total vegetables), HEI(5) (total grains), HEI(6) (whole grains), HEI(7) (milk), and HEI(12) (lower discretionary energy). Among women, HEI(total) and 4 components had an inverse direct effect on CES-D score, suggesting a mechanism that is independent of plasma folate. Depressive symptoms in our study may be alleviated by improving overall dietary quality, with plasma folate playing a potential mediating role only among men.
Effects of Kanechlor-500 (KC500), a commercial polychlorinated biphenyl mixture, on the levels of serum thyroid hormones such as total thyroxine (T(4)) and triiodothyronine were examined in male mice, hamsters, rats, and guinea pigs. Four days after a single intraperitoneal injection of KC500, significant decreases in the levels of the serum total T(4) and free T(4) occurred in all the animals examined, whereas a significant decrease in the level of serum triiodothyronine was observed only in guinea pigs among the animals examined. In addition, no significant change in the level of serum thyroid-stimulating hormone was observed in any of the rodents examined. A significant increase in the activity of hepatic T(4)-UDP-glucuronosyltransferase after the KC500 administration occurred only in guinea pigs, whereas the increase in the amount of biliary [(125)I]T(4) glucuronide after an intravenous injection of [(125)I]T(4) to the KC500-pretreated animals occurred only in rats. On the other hand, in all the rodents examined, KC500-pretreatment promoted the clearance of [(125)I]T(4) from the serum and led to a significant increase in the steady-state distribution volumes of [(125)I]T(4). Likewise, its pretreatment raised the concentration ratio (K(p) value) of the liver to serum and the liver distribution of [(125)I]T(4) in all the rodents tested. The present findings indicate that for the first time the KC500-mediated decrease in the serum T(4) level in mice, hamsters, rats and guinea pigs occurs mainly through an increase in the accumulation level of T(4) in the liver.
This study examined the association between self-reported diabetes, fish consumption and serum levels of organochlorines in a First Nation community. One quarter of the 101 participants reported diabetes. Serum PCBs, but not p,p'-DDE, were positively correlated to consumption frequency of total fish, walleye and pike, but not trout. Reported diabetes was positively associated to p,p'-DDE and some PCB congeners. Odds Ratios (OR) for reported diabetes for those in the upper 75th percentile for serum p,p'-DDE compared to the others were 3.5 (95% CI 1-13.8) and 6.1 (95% CI 1.4-27.3) (weight wet and lipid-standardized values, respectively) and for total sum of PCBs: 4.91 (95% CI 1.4-19.0) and 5.51 (95% CI 1.3-24.1). For participants who were in the upper 50th percentile for trout and white fish intake, reported diabetes was respectively 6 and 4 times lower compared to the others. These findings support the hypothesis that environmental exposure to elevated p,p'-DDE and PCBs is associated with increased risk of diabetes. Consumption of trout and white fish may be beneficial to reduce risk.
BACKGROUND: Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are widely used flame retardant compounds that are persistent and bioaccumulative and therefore have become ubiquitous environment contaminants. Animal studies suggest that prenatal PBDE exposure may result in adverse neurodevelopmental effects. OBJECTIVE: In a longitudinal cohort initiated after 11 September 2001, including 329 mothers who delivered in one of three hospitals in lower Manhattan, New York, we examined prenatal PBDE exposure and neurodevelopment when their children were 12-48 and 72 months of age. METHODS: We analyzed 210 cord blood specimens for selected PBDE congeners and assessed neurodevelopmental effects in the children at 12-48 and 72 months of age; 118, 117, 114, 104, and 96 children with available cord PBDE measurements were assessed at 12, 24, 36, 48, and 72 months, respectively. We used multivariate regression analyses to evaluate the associations between concentrations of individual PBDE congeners and neurodevelopmental indices. RESULTS: Median cord blood concentrations of PBDE congeners 47, 99, and 100 were 11.2, 3.2, and 1.4 ng/g lipid, respectively. After adjustment for potential confounders, children with higher concentrations of BDEs 47, 99, or 100 scored lower on tests of mental and physical development at 12-48 and 72 months. Associations were significant for 12-month Psychomotor Development Index (BDE-47), 24-month Mental Development Index (MDI) (BDE-47, 99, and 100), 36-month MDI (BDE-100), 48-month full-scale and verbal IQ (BDE-47, 99, and 100) and performance IQ (BDE-100), and 72-month performance IQ (BDE-100). CONCLUSIONS: This epidemiologic study demonstrates neurodevelopmental effects in relation to cord blood PBDE concentrations. Confirmation is needed in other longitudinal studies. 
The goals of the present study were to measure mammary blood flow volume (BFV) during the first 12 wk of lactation in dairy cows by using color Doppler sonography and to determine what affects the mammary blood flow. Forty cows were examined via color Doppler sonography on d 1, 7, 14, 28, 56, and 84 after parturition (d 0). The total BFV (BFV(total)) to the 4 mammary glands was calculated by measuring time-averaged maximum velocities (TAMV) and cross-sectional areas (A) of the left and right pudendoepigastric trunks via transrectal color Doppler sonography. Because there were no significant differences in A, TAMV, and BFV between the right and left pudendoepigastric trunks, the means of A and TAMV, and the BFV(total) of both trunks were used for calculations. The intraindividual and interindividual variability of repeated BFV measures quantified by intraclass correlation coefficients were 96 and 98%, respectively. The BFV(total) ranged from 19.9 to 27.9 L/min, with a mean of 22.3+/-4.9 L/min. Interindividual differences in BFV values were attributable to variations in A and TAMV. The interindividual variability of the BFV(total), which was determined using the coefficients of variation of the BFV(total) on individual days, ranged from 16 to 28%. All the cows had similar changes in the BFV(total) during the study. Changes in BFV(total) were not correlated with changes in the mean of A, but there was a good correlation between changes in BFV(total) and in the mean of TAMV (r=0.94). The BFV(total) was highest on d 1 of lactation, decreased 28% by d 7, and remained at this level until d 28. By d 56, the BFV(total) had increased by 15% compared with d 14 and by 10% compared with d 28. The BFV(total) on d 84 was significantly different from all other days except d 56. There were moderate correlations between daily milk yield and BFV on individual days (0.24<r<0.35). In conclusion, Doppler sonography is a reliable method for determining blood flow in the pudendoepigastric trunk of cows. There is great variability in mammary blood flow among cows and in BFV.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies have suggested that polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) may be associated with breast cancer. However, the carcinogenicity of PAHs on the human breast remains unclear. Certain carcinogens may be associated with specific mutation patterns in the p53 tumor suppressor gene, thereby contributing information about disease etiology. OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that associations of PAH-related exposures with breast cancer would differ according to tumor p53 mutation status, effect, type, and number. METHODS: We examined this possibility in a population-based case-control study using polytomous logistic regression. As previously reported, 151 p53 mutations among 859 tumors were identified using Surveyor nuclease and confirmed by sequencing. RESULTS: We found that participants with p53 mutations were less likely to be exposed to PAHs (assessed by smoking status in 859 cases and 1,556 controls, grilled/smoked meat intake in 822 cases and 1,475 controls, and PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral mononuclear cells in 487 cases and 941 controls) than participants without p53 mutations. For example, active and passive smoking was associated with p53 mutation-negative [odds ratio (OR) = 1.55; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.11-2.15] but not p53 mutation-positive (OR = 0.77; 95% CI, 0.43-1.38) cancer (ratio of the ORs = 0.50, p < 0.05). However, frameshift mutations, mutation number, G:C-->A:T transitions at CpG sites, and insertions/deletions were consistently elevated among exposed subjects. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that PAHs may be associated with specific breast tumor p53 mutation subgroups rather than with overall p53 mutations and may also be related to breast cancer through mechanisms other than p53 mutation. 
OBJECTIVE: To date, only a few nutritional assessment methods have been validated against the biomarker of urinary-N excretion for use in children and adolescents. The aim of the present study was to validate protein intake from one day of a weighed dietary record against protein intake estimated from a simultaneously collected 24 h urine sample. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analyses including 439 participants of the Dortmund Nutritional and Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) Study from four age groups (3-4, 7-8, 11-13 and 18-23 years). Mean differences, Pearson correlation coefficients (r), cross-classifications and Bland-Altman plots were used to assess agreement between methods. RESULTS: Weighed dietary records significantly underestimated mean protein intake by -6.4 (95 % CI -8.2, -4.7) g/d or -11 %, with the difference increasing across the age groups from -0.6 (95 % CI -2.7, 1.5) g/d at age 3-4 years to -13.5 (95 % CI -18.7, -8.3) g/d at age 18-23 years. Correlation coefficients were r = 0.7 for the total study sample and ranged from r = 0.5 to 0.6 in the different age groups. Both methods classified 85 % into the same/adjacent quartile for the whole study group (83-86 % for the different age groups) and 2.5 % into the opposite quartile (1.9-3.1 % for the different age groups). Bland-Altman plots for the total sample indicated that differences in protein intake increased across the range of protein intake, while this bias was not obvious within the age groups. CONCLUSIONS: Protein intake in children and adolescents can be estimated with acceptable validity by weighed dietary records. In this age-heterogeneous sample, validity was lower among adolescents and young adults. 
11-Nor-Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid ethyl ester (THC-COOEt) can be presumed to be a mixed metabolite formed during combined consumption of cannabinoids and alcohol. In order to examine this hypothesis, THC-COOEt and its deuterated analogue D(3)-THC-COOEt were synthesized as reference substance and internal standard from the corresponding carboxylic acids and diazoethane and methods were developed for the sensitive detection of THC-COOEt in plasma and hair based on gas chromatography-electron impact mass spectrometry after silylation with N-methyl-N-tert-butyldimethylsilyl-trifluoroacetamide and gas chromatography-negative chemical ionization mass spectrometry (GC-NCI-MS) as well as tandem mass spectrometry (GC-NCI-MS-MS) after derivatization with pentafluoropropionyl anhydride. The methods were applied for THC-COOEt determination to plasma samples from 22 drunk driving cases which contained both ethanol (0.30-2.16 mg/g) and THC-COOH (15-252 ng/mL) as well as to 12 hair samples from drug fatalities which were both positive for THC (0.09-2.04 ng/mg) and fatty acid ethyl esters as markers of chronic alcohol abuse (0.70-6.3 ng/mg). In none of these samples THC-COOEt could be found with limits of detection of 0.3 ng/mL in plasma and 2 pg/mg in hair in 11 samples using GC-NCI-MS and 0.2 pg/mg in one sample using GC-NCI-MS. Therefore, the use of this compound as a marker for combined cannabis and alcohol consumption could not be achieved.
A longitudinal biomonitoring study was conducted to assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in non-occupationally exposed nonsmoking adults living in the vicinity of an aluminum plant. Metabolites of several PAH (pyrene, naphthalene, chrysene, fluoranthene, benz[a]anthracene) were measured in the urine of the participants, including 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) as a validated biomarker and pyrene diones as novel biomarkers. In total, 73 individuals living about 1 km away from the plant (taken as the exposed group) were compared repeatedly with 71 individuals living at least 11 km from the smelter (used as the control group). Complete first morning voids were collected twice, at a 2-wk interval, in the fall of 2005 and twice weekly for 2 consecutive weeks in the spring of 2006. Urinary biomarker concentrations were then measured by an ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) method with time-of-flight mass spectrometry detection (MS-TOF) (UPLC-MS-TOF). For most sampling days, individuals living near the plant showed significantly higher excretion values of both 1-OHP and pyrene diones (mean ratio up to 2- and 2.4-fold, respectively) than individuals living further from the plant. In the group living near the plant, geometric mean concentrations of 1-OHP varied from 0.047 to 0.058 micromol/mol creatinine, depending on the sampling day, as compared to 0.025 to 0.04 micromol/mol creatinine in the reference group. Corresponding mean values for pyrene diones were 0.017-0.056 micromol/mol creatinine and 0.014-0.039 micromol/mol creatinine, respectively. Urinary 1- and 2-naphthols were also measured as a reference and showed no significant differences between the two groups for most sampling days; metabolite concentrations of the other monitored PAH (chrysene, fluoranthene, benz[a]anthracene) were mostly below the analytical limit of detection of 0.005 to 0.01 microg/L, depending on the metabolite, with a detection rate varying from 0 to at most 21%. Individuals living near the aluminum plant thus appeared to be repeatedly exposed to higher pyrene levels than the control group, on the basis of both 1-OHP and pyrene dione excretions. However, 1-OHP concentrations observed in this first group were similar to those of other reference populations of nonsmokers studied in the past. Uptake of the other PAH associated with plant emissions was too small to significantly increase the excretion of their metabolites.
BACKGROUND: Low nutrient intakes of folate, vitamins B(6) and B(12) have been associated with the risk of chronic diseases and neural tube defects. The aim of this study was to develop a brief food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for the assessment of these nutrient intakes and to assess its validity. METHODS: We developed a brief FFQ designed specifically for estimating intakes of folate and vitamins B(6) and B(12) and covering 21 food items, and used it to carry out dietary surveys of 579 Japanese men and women. The associations of these vitamin intakes with their serum levels and homocysteine concentrations were examined using multiple linear regression analysis after adjusting for sex, age and cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: The Spearman correlation coefficients between vitamin intakes and their serum concentrations were 0.10 for folate, 0.08 for vitamin B(6) and 0.22 for B(12). Changes in plasma homocysteine concentrations associated with a one-standard-deviation increment were -0.03 for dietary folate, -0.03 for dietary vitamin B(6) and -0.03 for dietary vitamin B(12), and were -0.06 for serum folate, -0.03 for serum vitamin B(6) and -0.06 for serum vitamin B(12). CONCLUSION: Positive correlations between dietary intakes estimated from our brief FFQ and serum concentrations for folate and vitamin B(12) as well as negative correlations between dietary intakes and plasma homocysteine concentrations suggest the usefulness of this questionnaire. 
We and others have previously described partitioning of chemicals, including polychlorinated-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyls in different types of human tissues and fluids, including blood and milk. Additionally, we previously reported the blood to milk partitioning of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in a group of 11 women. Partitioning is of importance in understanding the toxicokinetics of these compounds and also in clinical medicine in improving estimates of levels in different matrices including blood and milk. In this study we extend these findings, describing the levels of PBDEs detected in the serum and milk of 29 women from Texas. The median sum of the levels of the four most detected congeners (BDE 47, 99, 100, and 153) in serum was 27.8 ng g(-1) lipid (range 6.7-501.6 ng g(-1) lipid). In milk, the median sum of the levels of the same congeners was 39.7 ng g(-1) lipid (range 12.9-580.3 ng g(-1) lipid). The levels detected in breast milk in this study are similar to those we reported in 2003, where a median total PBDE level of 34 ng g(-1) lipid was reported. When congener specific blood to milk partitioning ratios were calculated for BDEs 47, 99, 100, and 153, the relatively small tetrabrominated congener, BDE 47, was found in higher concentrations in milk compared to blood, while the higher molecular weight hexabrominated congener, BDE 153, was found in approximately equal quantities in blood and milk, on a lipid normalized basis. The reason for the differential partitioning of PBDE congeners in milk and blood could be due to variation in toxicokinetics, specifically distribution based on molecular size or molecular weight.
We have previously reported the levels of water-soluble vitamins in the blood and urine of Japanese young adults. In the present paper, to assess the variations in these water-soluble vitamin markers during the above experiment, we comprehensively determined the intra- and inter-individual variations of blood and urinary water-soluble vitamins to exactly the same amount of water-soluble vitamin intakes in the same experiment. The blood samples before breakfast and the 24-h urine samples were periodically collected from Japanese college male (n=10) and female (n=10) students consuming a semi-purified diet with water-soluble vitamins based on Japanese Dietary Reference Intakes for 7 d, and the intra- and inter-individual variations of blood and urinary water-soluble vitamins or their metabolites in blood and urine samples after adaptation were calculated. Although urinary excretion of vitamin B(12) and vitamin C showed high intra-individual variations in both males and females, other urinary vitamins and all blood vitamins showed less than 20% of within-subject coefficients of variance in either male or female. Those showing more than 20% of between-subject coefficients of variances in both male and female were blood vitamin B(6), vitamin B(12) and folate levels, and urinary vitamin B(1), vitamin B(2), vitamin B(12), nicotinamide metabolites, pantothenic acid, biotin and vitamin C. These results showed that oral administration of constant of water-soluble vitamins generally decreased intra-individual variation, while individual differences in urinary vitamin excretion were observed.
This study was performed to investigate the association between hair mineral levels and nutrient intakes, age, and BMI in female adults who visited a woman's clinic located in Seoul. Dietary intakes were assessed by food frequency questionnaire and mineral levels were measured in collected hairs, and the relationship between these was examined. The average daily nutrient intakes of subjects were compared to those of the KDRIs, and the energy intake status was fair. The average intake of calcium in women of 50 years and over was 91.35% of KDRIs and the potassium intake was greatly below the recommended levels in all age groups. In the average hair mineral contents in subjects, calcium and copper exceeded far more than the reference range while selenium was very low with 85.19% of subjects being lower than the reference value. In addition, the concentrations of sodium, potassium, iron, and manganese in the hair were below the reference ranges in over 15% of subjects. The concentrations of sodium, chromium, sulfur, and cadmium in the hair showed positive correlations (P < 0.05) with age, but the hair zinc level showed a negative correlation (P < 0.05) with age. The concentrations of sodium, potassium, chromium, and cadmium in the hair showed positive correlations (P < 0.05) with BMI. Some mineral levels in subjects of this study showed significant correlations with nutrient intakes, but it seems that the hair mineral content is not directly influenced by each mineral intake. As described above, some hair mineral levels in female adults deviated from the normal range, and it is considered that nutritional intervention to control the imbalance of mineral nutrition is required. Also, as some correlations were shown between hair mineral levels and age, BMI, and nutrient intakes, the possibility of utilizing hair mineral analysis for specific purposes in the future is suggested.
We hypothesize that occupational exposure to PCBs is associated with a reduction in central dopamine (DA) similar to changes previously seen in PCB exposed adult non-human primates. To test that hypothesis, we used [(123)I]beta-CIT SPECT imaging to estimate basal ganglia DA transporter density in former capacitor workers. Women, but not men, showed an inverse relationship between lipid-adjusted total serum PCB concentrations and DA transporter densities in the absence of differences in serum PCB concentrations. These sex differences may reflect age-related reductions in the levels of gonadal hormones since these hormones have been shown experimentally to alter response to DA neurotoxicants. These findings may aid in better understanding the roles that sex and age play in modifying central DA function following exposure, not only to PCBs, but also to other DA neurotoxicants as well as further elucidating the role of gonadal hormones in influencing the initiation and/or progression of neurodegenerative disorders.
A novel method of first derivative synchronous fluorescence was developed for the rapid simultaneous analysis of trace 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP), 1-naphthol (1-NAP), 2-naphthol (2-NAP), 9-hydroxyphenanthrene (9-OHPe) and 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-OHFlu) in human urine. Only one single scan was needed for quantitative determination of five compounds simultaneously when Deltalambda=10 nm was chosen. In the optimal experimental conditions, there was a linear relationship between the fluorescence intensity and the concentration of 1-OHP, 1-NAP, 2-NAP, 9-OHPe and 2-OHFlu in the range of 1.75 x 10(-9) to 4.50 x 10(-6) mol L(-1), 3.64 x 10(-8) to 2.20 x 10(-4) mol L(-1), 8.18 x 10(-9) to 1.20 x 10(-4) mol L(-1), 3.26 x 10(-9) to 8.50 x 10(-5) mol L(-1) and 4.88 x 10(-9) to 5.50 x 10(-6) mol L(-1), respectively. The limits of detection (LOD) were found to be 5.25 x 10(-10) mol L(-1) for 1-OHP, 1.10 x 10(-8) mol L(-1) for 1-NAP, 2.46 x 10(-9) mol L(-1) for 2-NAP, 9.77 x 10(-10) mol L(-1) for 9-OHPe and 1.46 x 10(-9) mol L(-1) for 2-OHFlu. The proposed method is reliable, selective and sensitive, and has been used successfully in the determination of traces of 1-OHP, 1-NAP, 2-NAP, 9-OHPe and 2-OHFlu in human urine samples, whose results were in good agreement with those gained by the HPLC method.
BACKGROUND: Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants is widespread, with 97% of Americans having detectable levels. Although PBDEs have been associated with reproductive and hormonal effects in animals, no human studies have examined their association with fertility. OBJECTIVES: This study was designed to determine whether maternal concentrations of PBDEs in serum collected during pregnancy are associated with time to pregnancy and menstrual cycle characteristics. METHODS: Pregnant women (n = 223) living in a low-income, predominantly Mexican-immigrant community in California were interviewed to determine how many months they took to become pregnant. Blood samples were collected and analyzed for PBDEs. PBDE concentrations were lipid adjusted and log10 transformed. Analyses were limited to PBDE congeners detected in > 75% of the population (BDEs 47, 99, 100, 153). Cox proportional hazards models modified for discrete time were used to obtain fecundability odds ratios (fORs) for the association of PBDEs and time to pregnancy. RESULTS: We detected all four congeners in > 97% of women. Increasing levels of BDEs 47, 99, 100, 153 and the sum of these four congeners were all associated with longer time to pregnancy. We observed significantly reduced fORs for BDE-100 [adjusted fOR = 0.6; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.4-0.9], BDE-153 (adjusted fOR = 0.5; 95% CI, 0.3-0.8), and the sum of the four congeners (adjusted fOR = 0.7; 95% CI, 0.5-1.0). PBDEs were not associated with menstrual cycle characteristics. CONCLUSIONS: We found significant decreases in fecundability associated with PBDE exposure in women. Future studies are needed to replicate and confirm this finding. 
This study was designed to assess the effects of saffron (Crocus sativus) on rats' heart with isoproterenol-induced myocardial injury. Animals were divided randomly into four groups: vehicle-control group (CTL); ISO group, administrated with Isoproterenol 85 mg/kg s.c.; saffron group; and finally combined Saffron + ISO group. Basal and final serum levels of heart troponin I, heart tissue antioxidants and histopathological indices were assessed in all groups. Isoproterenol administration significantly increased serum level of troponin I when compared to control group (3.46 +/- 0.77 vs. 0.53 +/- 0.35 ml in ng/ml, P < 0.001) and reduced significantly the glutathione peroxidase activity of heart muscle (1.63 +/- 0.21 vs. 4.01 +/- 0.64 nmol/mg protein, P < 0.05). The grade of heart muscle damages was severe in more than 70% of ISO group animals. Saffron + ISO group showed remarkably decreased intensity of tissue destruction and significantly decreased serum levels of heart troponin I, when compared to ISO group (1.25 +/- 0.23 vs. 3.46 +/- 0.77 ng/ml, P < 0.05). The level of glutathione peroxidase activity in Saffron + ISO animals did not have significant decline compared to saffron alone. These results suggest the protective role of saffron on ischemic hearts by biochemical and histopathological findings.
OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between genetic variants in the apelin system and blood pressure (BP) responses to low-sodium and high-sodium interventions in the GenSalt Study. METHODS: A 7-day low-sodium intervention (51.3 mmol sodium per day) followed by a 7-day high-sodium intervention (307.8 mmol sodium per day) was conducted among 1906 participants from 637 Han Chinese families. BP measurements were obtained at baseline and following each intervention using a random-zero sphygmomanometer. Twenty-three single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), including both tag and functional SNPs, were selected from three candidate genes (APLN, APLNR, and ACE2). Single marker and haplotype analyses were conducted using the Family Based Association Test program. The false discovery rate method was used to correct for multiple testing. RESULTS: SNPs rs2282623 and rs746886 of the APLNR gene were significantly associated with DBP (both P = 0.002) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) (P = 0.001 and 0.005, respectively) responses to low-sodium intervention. Six SNPs of the ACE2 gene were significantly associated with SBP, DBP, or MAP responses to low-sodium intervention. Three of them, rs1514283, rs1514282, and rs4646176, were also significantly associated with MAP response to high-sodium intervention (all P <or= 0.006). Haplotype analysis indicated the A-T-T haplotype of APLNR SNPs rs721608-rs2282623-rs746886 was associated with decreased DBP and MAP responses to low-sodium intervention (P = 0.001 and 0.003, respectively), whereas G-C-C was associated with increased SBP and MAP responses to high-sodium intervention (P = 0.004 and 0.01, respectively). CONCLUSION: This large family-based study indicates that genetic variants in the APLNR and ACE2 genes are significantly associated with BP responses to dietary sodium intervention. 
The two main arms of the stress system include the autonomic nervous system (ANS) and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis. These two neural stress systems coordinate the response of many other physiological systems to a stressor, including the immune and cardiovascular systems, bringing the body back to homeostasis. The nervous and immune systems communicate with each other in a bidirectional manner. In this review, we will discuss the use of noninvasive methods to evaluate the immune system, ANS and HPA axis. Collection of sweat and saliva, and measurement of heart rate variability are noninvasive methods that can be applied to evaluate neuroimmune interactions. Recently, we validated a new methodology to simultaneously evaluate a large array of neural and immune biomarkers in sweat, collected through cutaneous sweat patches and measured by recycling immunoaffinity chromatography. Noninvasive and ambulatory methodologies of biomarker collection can overcome several limitations intrinsic to invasive methods, such as reducing the stress triggered by collection itself and allowing a wider application to field and community-based settings. Ultimately, simultaneous evaluation of neural and immune systems with noninvasive techniques will help elucidate the underlying interactions of these systems and their role in disease susceptibility and progression of stress-related disorders.
BACKGROUND: Readily accessible samples such as peripheral blood or cell lines are increasingly being used in large cohorts to characterise gene expression differences between a patient group and healthy controls. However, cell and RNA isolation procedures and the variety of cell types that make up whole blood can affect gene expression measurements. We therefore systematically investigated global gene expression profiles in peripheral blood from six individuals collected during two visits by comparing five of the following cell and RNA isolation methods: whole blood (PAXgene), peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs), CD19 and CD20 specific B-cell subsets. RESULTS: Gene expression measurements were clearly discriminated by isolation method although the reproducibility was high for all methods (range rho = 0.90-1.00). The PAXgene samples showed a decrease in the number of expressed genes (P < 1*10(-16)) with higher variability (P < 1*10(-16)) compared to the other methods. Differentially expressed probes between PAXgene and PBMCs were correlated with the number of monocytes, lymphocytes, neutrophils or erythrocytes. The correlations (rho = 0.83; rho = 0.79) of the expression levels of detected probes between LCLs and B-cell subsets were much lower compared to the two B-cell isolation methods (rho = 0.98). Gene ontology analysis of detected genes showed that genes involved in inflammatory responses are enriched in B-cells CD19 and CD20 whereas genes involved in alcohol metabolic process and the cell cycle were enriched in LCLs. CONCLUSION: Gene expression profiles in blood-based samples are strongly dependent on the predominant constituent cell type(s) and RNA isolation method. It is crucial to understand the differences and variability of gene expression measurements between cell and RNA isolation procedures, and their relevance to disease processes, before application in large clinical studies. 
Aim of the study was the assessment of exposure of coke-oven workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) by determination of urinary profiles of hydroxylated and unmetabolized PAHs. Fifty-five Polish coke-oven workers were investigated by measurement of 12 hydroxylated metabolites of PAHs (OHPAHs) (1-, 2-hydroxynaphthalene; 2-, 9-hydroxyfluorene; 1-, 2-, 3-, 4-, 9-hydroxyphenanthrene; 1-hydroxyypyrene, 6-hydroxychrysene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene) and 13 unmetabolized PAHs (U-PAHs) (from naphthalene to benzo[a]pyrene), in spot urine samples collected at the end of the workshift. U-PAHs with four or less rings were detected in all samples. In particular, median levels for urinary naphthalene, phenanthrene, pyrene, chrysene and benz[a]anthracene were 0.806, 0.721, 0.020, 0.032 and 0.035 microg/L. OHPAHs up to 1-hydroxypyrene were found in all samples, while high molecular-weight OHPAHs were always below quantification limit. Median level of 1-hydroxyypyrene was 15.4 microg/L. In all subjects significant correlations between OHPAHs and U-PAHs were observed (0.27 < r < 0.70, p < 0.01). Our results suggest that both hydroxylated metabolites and unmetabolized PAHs in urine are useful biomarkers of exposure to PAHs. Moreover, the simultaneous determination of several biomarkers permits to obtain specific excretion profiles that might help in exposure characterization and in better defining the excretion patterns.
Interactions between hairs and other natural fibers are of broad interest for both applications and fundamental understanding of biological interfaces. We present a novel method, that allows force measurements between individual hair strands. Hair fragments can be laser-cut without altering their surface chemistry. Subsequently, they are glued onto Atomic force microscopy (AFM) cantilevers. This allows carrying out measurements between the hair fragment and surface immobilized hair in a well-defined crossed-cylinder geometry. Both force-distance and friction measurements are feasible. Measurements in air with controlled humidity and in aqueous environment show clear differences which can be explained by the dominating role of capillary interactions in air. Friction is found to be anisotropic, reflecting the fine structure of hair cuticula. While the investigations are focused on the particular example of human hair, we expect that the approach can be extended to other animal/plant fibers and thus offers perspectives for broad spectrum systems.
Dichloromethane (DCM, methylene chloride) is a lipophilic volatile compound readily absorbed and then metabolized to several metabolites that may lead to chronic toxicity in different target organs. Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) models are useful tools for calculation of internal and target organ doses of parent compound and metabolites. PBPK models, coupled with in vivo inhalation gas-uptake data, can be useful to estimate total metabolism. Previously, such an approach was used to make predictions regarding the metabolism and to make subsequent inferences of DCM's mode of action for toxicity. However, current evidence warrants re-examination of this approach. The goal of this work was to examine two different hypotheses for DCM metabolism in mice. One hypothesis describes two metabolic pathways: one involving cytochrome P450 2E1 (CYP2E1) and a second glutathione (GSH). The second metabolic hypothesis describes only one pathway mediated by CYP2E1 that includes multiple binding sites. The results of our analysis show that the in vivo gas-uptake data fit both hypotheses well and the traditional analysis of the chamber concentration data is not sufficient to distinguish between them. Gas-uptake data were re-analyzed by construction of a velocity plot as a function of increasing DCM initial concentration. The velocity (slope) analysis revealed that there are two substantially different phases in velocity, one rate for lower exposures and a different rate for higher exposures. The concept of a "metabolic switch," namely that due to conformational changes in the enzyme after one site is occupied - a different metabolic rate is seen - is also consistent with the experimental data. Our analyses raise questions concerning the importance of GSH metabolism for DCM. Recent research results also question the importance of this pathway in the toxicity of DCM. GSH-related DNA adducts were not formed after in vivo DCM exposure in mice and DCM-induced DNA damage has been detected in human lung cultures without GSH metabolism. In summary, a revised/updated metabolic hypothesis for DCM has been examined using in vivo inhalation data in mice combined with PBPK modeling that is consistent with up-to-date models of the active site for CYP2E1 and suggests that this pathway is the major metabolizing pathway for DCM metabolism.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and oxidative stress from such and other exposures have been associated with breast cancer in some studies. To further evaluate the role of PAH metabolites and oxidative stress on the development of breast cancer, we conducted a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Women's Health Study. We measured urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol as PAH metabolites and urinary levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and malondialdehyde as oxidative stress biomarkers in 327 breast cancer cases and 654 controls in the Shanghai Women's Health Study. Information on demographic characteristics, past medical history, lifestyles, history of menstruation, pregnancy history, eating and drinking habit, history of residence, employment history, family history, husband's information, and physical activity were collected by a self-administered questionnaire. The mean age was 52.3 in breast cancer cases (n = 354) and 52.5 in controls (n = 708). Age at menarche (P = 0.04), months of breast-feeding the first baby (P = 0.05), and grade of education (P(trend) < 0.01) were significantly different between cases and controls. No association was observed for PAH metabolites and the oxidative stress biomarkers of urinary malondialdehyde and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and risk of breast cancer. This nested case-control study provides no evidence of association between PAH exposure and oxidative stress and risk of breast cancer in Shanghai women.
PURPOSE: After radical prostatectomy continence is commonly defined as no pads except a security pad or 0 to 1 pad. We evaluated the association of pad status and urinary quality of life to determine whether security and 1 pad status differ from pad-free status to better define 0 pads as the post-prostatectomy standard. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 500 consecutive men underwent robot assisted radical prostatectomy from October 2003 to July 2007. Data were collected prospectively and entered into an electronic database. Postoperatively men completed self-administered validated questionnaires including questions on 1) daily pad use (0, security, 1, or 2 or more), 2) urine leakage (daily, about once weekly, less than once weekly or not at all), 3) urinary control (none, frequent dribbling, occasional dribbling or total control), 4) American Urological Association symptom score and 5) urinary quality of life. RESULTS: Postoperatively men who indicated 0 pad use had a mean +/- SE symptom score of 5.8 +/- 0.3 and pleased quality of life (1.16 +/- 0.08). In contrast, men with a security pad and 1 pad had a symptom score of 7.6 +/- 0.7 and 9.2 +/- 0.6 but mixed quality of life (2.78 +/- 0.18 and 3.41 +/- 0.15, respectively, p <0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: Results show a significant decrease in quality of life between no pads (1.16 or pleased), a security pad and 0 or 1 pad (2.78 and 3.41 or mixed, respectively). Findings do not support defining continence with a security pad or 0 to 1 pad. Continence should be strictly defined as 0 pads. 
Previous studies have shown that the intake of soup negatively correlates with the body mass index (BMI), suggesting that soup intake reduces the risk of obesity. In this study, to clarify the association of the intake of soup and various nutrients with plasma leptin concentration, a cross-sectional study on 504 Japanese adults aged 20-76 years (103 men and 401 women) was performed. The intake of soup and various nutrients was investigated by food frequency questionnaires. Plasma leptin concentration was measured in fasting blood by radioimmunoassay. The correlation was analyzed by multiple regression analysis. The average frequency of soup intake was 7.6 times/week. The average plasma leptin concentration was 7.76 ng/ml. After adjusting the confounding factors, the frequency of soup intake has a significant inverse association with plasma leptin concentration. Among the macronutrients, only dietary fiber intake negatively correlated with plasma leptin concentration after the adjustment for potential confounding factors. These results suggest that the intakes of soup and dietary fiber were negatively correlated with plasma leptin concentration in Japanese adults.
OBJECTIVE: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is highly prevalent in obese and type 2 diabetic individuals and is strongly associated with dyslipidemia and inflammation. Weight loss and/or pharmacotherapy are commonly used to correct these abnormalities. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We performed a 16-week intervention trial of a hypocaloric, low-fat diet plus 10 mg/day ezetimibe (n = 15) versus a hypocaloric, low-fat diet alone (n = 10) on intrahepatic triglyceride (IHTG) content, plasma high sensitivity-C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), adipocytokines, and fetuin-A concentrations and apolipoprotein (apo)B-100 kinetics in obese subjects. ApoB-100 metabolism was assessed using stable isotope tracer kinetics and compartmental modeling; liver and abdominal fat contents were determined by magnetic resonance techniques. RESULTS: Both weight loss and ezetimibe plus weight loss significantly (all P < 0.05) reduced body weight, visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissues, insulin resistance and plasma triglycerides, VLDL-apoB-100, apoC-III, fetuin-A, and retinol-binding protein-4 and increased plasma adiponectin concentrations. Compared with weight loss alone, ezetimibe plus weight loss significantly (all P < 0.05) decreased IHTG content (-18%), plasma hs-CRP (-53%), interleukin-6 (-24%), LDL cholesterol (-18%), campesterol (-59%), and apoB-100 (-14%) levels, with a significant increase in plasma lathosterol concentrations (+43%). The LDL-apoB-100 concentration also significantly fell with ezetimibe plus weight loss (-12%), chiefly owing to an increase in the corresponding fractional catabolic rate (+29%). The VLDL-apoB-100 secretion rate fell with both interventions, with no significant independent effect of ezetimibe. CONCLUSIONS: Addition of ezetimibe to a moderate weight loss diet in obese subjects can significantly improve hepatic steatosis, inflammation, and LDL-apoB-100 metabolism. 
OBJECTIVE: Intracellular methotrexate (MTX) polyglutamates (MTXGlu) have been shown to be potentially useful biomarkers of clinical response in adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis. The present study was undertaken to measure intracellular MTXGlu concentrations in a cohort of patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) to determine the predictors of MTXGlu variability in these patients. METHODS: Blood samples were obtained from patients with JIA who were being treated with a stable dose of MTX for >or=3 months. Clinical data were collected by chart review. Concentrations of MTXGlu(1-7) in red blood cell lysates were quantitated using an innovative ion-pairing chromatography procedure, with detection by mass spectrometry. RESULTS: Patients with JIA from a single center (n = 99; mean +/- SD age 117.8 +/- 56.5 months, 69 female) were included in the analysis. The mean +/- SD dose of MTX was 0.51 +/- 0.25 mg/kg per week, with a median treatment duration of 18 months (interquartile range 3-156 months). MTX was administered subcutaneously in 66 patients (67%). Fifty-six patients (57%) had active arthritis at the time of the clinic visit. Total intracellular MTXGlu (MTXGlu(TOT)) concentrations varied 40-fold, with a mean +/- SD total concentration of 85.8 +/- 48.4 nmoles/liter. Concentrations of each MTXGlu subtype (MTXGlu(1-7)) were measured individually and as a percentage of MTXGlu(TOT) in each patient. MTXGlu(3) was the most prominent subtype identified, comprising 42% of MTXGlu(TOT), and the interindividual variability in the concentration of MTXGlu(3) was the most highly correlated with that of MTXGlu(TOT) (r = 0.96). The route of MTX administration was significantly associated with MTXGlu(1-5) subtypes; higher concentrations of MTXGlu(1 + 2) were observed in patients receiving oral doses of MTX, whereas higher concentrations of MTXGlu(3-5) were observed in patients receiving subcutaneous doses of MTX (P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: In this cohort of patients with JIA, the MTXGlu(TOT) concentration varied 40-fold. Individual MTXGlu metabolites (MTXGlu(1-7)), which have, until now, not been previously reported in patients with JIA, were detected. The route of MTX administration contributed to the variability in concentrations of MTXGlu(1-5). 
Side effects of varying severity are frequent in peripheral blood stem cell harvest (PBSCH). Life-threatening complications associated with PBSCH have also been reported. Heart rate variability (HRV), which reflects sympathovagal balance and autonomic cardiovascular control, has been a subject of intense interest in various diseases precipitating sudden death. Here, we prospectively assessed the impact of leukapheresis on HRV among autologous hematopoietic cell transplant patients and healthy donors. We found that HRV indicators, the standard deviation of normal-to-normal intervals (SDNN) value, the square root of the mean of the sum of squared differences between the adjacent normal-to-normal interval (r-MSSD) value, total frequency (TF), high frequency (HF) and low frequency (LF) powers decreased significantly to morbid levels during leukapheresis (all P < 0.01). Morbid changes in SDNN value, TF and LF powers were significantly sustained for 6-9 h after leukapheresis (all P < 0.05). Furthermore, TF and LF powers prior to leukapheresis were significantly lower in subjects with symptomatic hypotension than in the other subjects [3282 (3121-4427) vs. 6018 (4983-9816) ms(2), P = 0.03; 93 (42-144) vs. 237 (142-360) ms(2), P = 0.03, respectively]. Our results suggest that HRV analysis might be of use in evaluating and predicting the adverse effects of cardiovascular complications in PBSCH.
BACKGROUND: Hormonally active environmental agents may alter the course of pubertal development in girls, which is controlled by steroids and gonadotropins. OBJECTIVES: We investigated associations of concurrent exposures from three chemical classes (phenols, phthalates, and phytoestrogens) with pubertal stages in a multiethnic longitudinal study of 1,151 girls from New York City, New York, greater Cincinnati, Ohio, and northern California who were 6-8 years of age at enrollment (2004-2007). METHODS: We measured urinary exposure biomarkers at visit 1 and examined associations with breast and pubic hair development (present or absent, assessed 1 year later) using multivariate adjusted prevalence ratios (PR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Modification of biomarker associations by age-specific body mass index percentile (BMI%) was investigated, because adipose tissue is a source of peripubertal hormones. RESULTS: Breast development was present in 30% of girls, and 22% had pubic hair. High-molecular-weight phthalate (high MWP) metabolites were weakly associated with pubic hair development [adjusted PR, 0.94 (95% CI, 0.88-1.00), fifth vs. first quintile]. Small inverse associations were seen for daidzein with breast stage and for triclosan and high MWP with pubic hair stage; a positive trend was observed for low-molecular-weight phthalate biomarkers with breast and pubic hair development. Enterolactone attenuated BMI associations with breast development. In the first enterolactone quintile, for the association of high BMI with any development, the PR was 1.34 (95% CI, 1.23-1.45 vs. low BMI). There was no BMI association in the fifth, highest quintile of enterolactone. CONCLUSIONS: Weak hormonally active xenobiotic agents investigated in this study had small associations with pubertal development, mainly among those agents detected at highest concentrations. 
BACKGROUND: Temporal variability of biomarkers should be evaluated before their use in epidemiologic studies. METHODS: We evaluated the reproducibility, using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC), of 77 plasma and 9 urinary biomarkers over 1 to 3 years among premenopausal (n = 40) and postmenopausal (n = 35-70) participants from the Nurses' Health Study and Nurses' Health Study II. RESULTS: Plasma and urinary stress hormones and melatonin were measured among premenopausal women, whereas melatonin and the remaining biomarkers were measured in postmenopausal women. ICCs were good to excellent for plasma carotenoids (0.73-0.88), vitamin D analytes (0.56-0.72), bioactive somatolactogens (0.62), soluble leptin receptor (0.82), resistin (0.74), and postmenopausal melatonin (0.63). Reproducibility was lower for some of the plasma fatty acids (0.38-0.72), matrix metalloproteinases (0.07-0.91), and premenopausal melatonin (0.44). The ICCs for plasma and urinary phytoestrogens were poor (< or = 0.09) except for enterolactone (plasma, 0.44; urinary, 0.52). ICCs for the stress hormones among premenopausal women ranged from 0 (plasma cortisol) to 0.45 (urinary dopamine). CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that for the majority of these markers, a single measurement can reliably estimate average levels over a 1- to 3-year period in epidemiologic studies. For analytes with fair to good ICCs, reproducibility data can be used for measurement error correction. Analytes with poor ICCs should only be used in settings with multiple samples per subject or in populations in which ICCs are higher. IMPACT: This article summarizes the feasibility of the use of >80 biomarkers in epidemiologic studies in which only one biospecimen is available to represent longer term exposure. 
The prevalence of obesity and related disease risk is high in black South African (SA) women, possibly influenced by the dietary transition associated with urbanization. This study explored interactions between dietary fat intake and the tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFA) -308 G/A polymorphism on obesity, insulin resistance, and serum lipid concentrations in urbanized black SA women. Normal-weight (n = 105) and obese (n = 118) women underwent measurements of body composition, fat distribution, fasting serum lipids, glucose and insulin concentrations, and dietary intake. Participants were genotyped for the functional TNFA -308 G/A polymorphism. The genotype or allele frequency of the TNFA -308 G/A polymorphism did not differ between the BMI groups. However, when dietary fat intake was 30% of total energy intake [percentage energy (%E)], the odds of being obese with the TNFA GA+AA genotype was only 12% of that with GG, but increasing intake of dietary fat (%E) was associated with a significantly faster rate of increase in obesity risk in women with the TNFA GA+AA genotype compared with those with the GG genotype (P = 0.036). There were significant diet-gene interactions between alpha-linolenic acid (%E) and the total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0.036), and PUFA (%E) and LDL cholesterol levels (P = 0.026), with participants with the A allele being more responsive to changes in relative fat intake. The TNFA -308 G/A polymorphism modified the relationship between dietary fat intake, obesity risk, and serum lipid concentrations in black SA women.
Sucrose-fed rats, a model of metabolic syndrome, are characterized by insulin resistance, obesity, hypertension, and high plasma levels of triacylglycerols and angiotensin II (Ang II). However, whether tissue renin-angiotensin system (RAS) is altered in metabolic syndrome is unclear. To study this issue, food ad libitum and water (C) or 20% sucrose solution (SC) were given to adult male Wistar rats, for 30 days. Body weight (BW), blood pressure (BP), epididymal adipose tissue (EPI) mass, rate of in vivo fatty acid (FA) synthesis in EPI, circulating glucose, insulin, leptin, angiotensins I and II, triacylglycerols, and plasma renin (PRA) and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activities were evaluated. In kidneys and EPI, gene and protein expression of type 1 (AT(1)) and 2 (AT(2)) Ang II receptors, ACE, angiotensinogen (AGT) as well as protein expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) were determined. In both tissues, Ang I, Ang II and Ang-(1-7) contents were also measured by HPLC. In SC rats higher BP, EPI mass, circulating triacylglycerols, insulin, leptin, PRA and, Ang II were found. In EPI, the rate of in vivo FA synthesis was associated with increased Ang-(1-7), protein expression of AT(1) and AT(2) receptors, ACE2, AGT, and gene expression of AGT although a reduction in ACE activity and in adipose Ang I and Ang II contents was observed. In kidneys, AT(1) and AT(2), ACE and AGT gene and protein expression as well as protein expression of ACE2 were unaltered while Ang II, Ang-(1-7) and ACE activity increased. These RAS component changes seem to be tissue specific and possibly are related to enhancement of FA synthesis, EPI mass and hypertension.
BACKGROUND: Air pollution is known to contribute to respiratory and cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Oxidative stress has been suggested as one of the main mechanisms for these effects on health. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to analyze the effects of exposure to particulate matter (PM) with aerodynamic diameters < or = 10 microm (PM10) and < or = 2.5 microm (PM2.5) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) on urinary malondialdehyde (MDA) levels in schoolchildren. METHODS: The study population consisted of 120 schoolchildren. The survey and measurements were conducted in four cities--two in China (Ala Shan and Beijing) and two in Korea (Jeju and Seoul)--between 4 and 9 June 2007. We measured daily ambient levels of PM and their metal components at the selected schools during the study period. We also measured urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) and 2-naphthol, to assess PAH exposure, and MDA, to assess oxidative stress. Measurements were conducted once a day for 5 consecutive days. We constructed a linear mixed model after adjusting for individual variables to estimate the effects of PM and PAH on oxidative stress. RESULTS: We found statistically significant increases in urinary MDA levels with ambient PM concentrations from the current day to the 2 previous days (p < 0.0001). Urinary 1-OHP level also showed a positive association with urinary MDA level, which was statistically significant with or without PM in the model (p < 0.05). Outdoor PM and urinary 1-OHP were synergistically associated with urinary MDA levels. Some metals bound to PM10 (aluminum, iron, strontium, magnesium, silicon, arsenic, barium, zinc, copper, and cadmium) and PM2.5 (magnesium, iron, strontium, arsenic, cadmium, zinc, aluminum, mercury, barium, and copper) also had significant associations with urinary MDA level. CONCLUSION: Exposure to PM air pollution and PAHs was associated with oxidative stress in schoolchildren. 
BACKGROUND: Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) surgery is one of the most effective treatments for obesity producing long-term weight loss. The anorexia and weight loss from RYGB could be due to gastric restriction, malabsorption, enhanced lower gut stimulation, increased energy expenditure, and/or other metabolic adaptations. In ileal transposition (IT) surgery, a segment of the ileum is transposed to the upper jejunum with no gastric restriction or malabsorption. Our objective is to compare the effects of RYGB and IT surgeries on food intake, body weight, and plasma concentrations of the anorexigenic lower gut hormone Peptide YY (PYY) in rats. METHODS: Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were subjected to either RYGB (n = 9), IT (n = 9) or sham surgeries (n = 16). A subset of sham animals were either pair-fed to RYGB (n = 9) or ad lib fed (n = 7) on a highly palatable mixed nutrient liquid food (Ensure). Food intake, body weight and plasma PYY concentrations were measured. RESULTS: The data demonstrate that (1) RYGB produces a sustained reduction in food intake and weight gain, (2) the anorexic effects of IT are relatively transient lasting for 5 weeks, (3) the reduction in weight gain resulting from IT is similar to that of animals pair-fed to RYGB, and (4) RYGB and IT surgeries are associated with elevated postprandial plasma PYY concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrate in our rat models that RYGB surgery produces a greater reduction in food intake and weight gain than IT surgery, and that both surgeries are associated with enhanced plasma concentrations of Peptide YY. 
X-ray repair cross-complementing group 1 (XRCC1) plays a role in repairing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)-induced DNA damage. We examined the effects of exposure to PAHs and XRCC1 polymorphism, alone or combined, on sperm DNA integrity and male fertility. A total of 620 idiopathic infertile subjects and 273 fertile controls were recruited in this study. PAHs exposure was indicated by urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level. Genotypes were determined by PCR-RFLP, and sperm DNA damage was detected by Tdt-mediated dUTP nick end labelling assay using flow cytometry. A positive correlation was found between PAHs exposure and sperm DNA damage (beta coefficients = 0.183, p < 0.001), whereas there was no significant association between the XRCC1 polymorphisms and sperm DNA damage. However, when the patients were dichotomized for PAHs exposure, higher sperm DNA damage was found among 399Gln allele carriers compared with the wild-type homozygotes (p = 0.033). Further analysis based on a case-control study revealed the joint effect of XRCC1-399 polymorphism and PAHs exposure on the risk of male infertility (p interaction = 0.041). These findings provided the first evidence about potential joint effects of PAHs exposure and DNA repair gene polymorphisms on male reproductive system and may be helpful in improving our understanding of the etiology of male infertility.
A rapid and simple method for separation and detection of six heterocyclic aromatic amines (2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]-pyridine, 2-amino-1-methyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoline, 2-amino-3,8-dimethyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoxaline, 2-amino-3,7,8-trimethyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoxaline, 2-amino-3,4,8-trimethyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoxaline, and 2-amino-3,4-dimethyl-imidazo [4,5-f]-quinoline) in human urine samples is proposed to reflect daily intake and recent HAAs exposure. This method comprises previous clean-up and preconcentration of the analytes on Strata-X reversed phase extraction cartridges followed by capillary liquid chromatography (CLC) and evaporative light-scattering detection (ELSD). A mobile phase of acetonitrile and ammonium acetate 35 mM at pH 5.15 through a gradient of composition and a flow rate of 15 microL min(-1) resulted in good separations of the analytes. Temperature and gas pressure were optimized for detection. The CLC-ELSD allows the separation and quantification of HAAs with good resolution, precision, and sensitivity. The usefulness of the proposed method was demonstrated by the analysis of synthetic and natural human urine samples spiked with different concentration levels of heterocyclic amines.
BACKGROUND: In this prospective cohort study of Caucasian mothers and children in Krakow, Poland, we evaluated the role of prenatal exposure to urban air pollutants in the pathogenesis of neurobehavioral disorders. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between prenatal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and child intelligence at 5 years of age, controlling for potential confounders suspected to play a role in neurodevelopment. METHODS: A cohort of pregnant, healthy, nonsmoking women was enrolled in Krakow, Poland, between 2001 and 2006. During pregnancy, participants were invited to complete a questionnaire and undergo 48-hr personal air monitoring to estimate their babies' exposure, and to provide a blood sample and/or a cord blood sample at the time of delivery. Two hundred fourteen children were followed through 5 years of age, when their nonverbal reasoning ability was assessed using the Raven Coloured Progressive Matrices (RCPM). RESULTS: We found that higher (above the median of 17.96 ng/m3) prenatal exposure to airborne PAHs (range, 1.8-272.2 ng/m3) was associated with decreased RCPM scores at 5 years of age, after adjusting for potential confounding variables (n = 214). Further adjusting for maternal intelligence, lead, or dietary PAHs did not alter this association. The reduction in RCPM score associated with high airborne PAH exposure corresponded to an estimated average decrease of 3.8 IQ points. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that prenatal exposure to airborne PAHs adversely affects children's cognitive development by 5 years of age, with potential implications for school performance. They are consistent with a recent finding in a parallel cohort in New York City. 
AIMS: The present study was designed to examine the possible changes in body composition, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and inflammatory markers of obese children in response to a 2-month program of exercise training combined with dietary restriction. METHODS: Twenty-eight obese children (age 13.2 +/- 0.7 years, body mass index 30.9 +/- 1.3) were randomly assigned to a diet/training group or a control group and were tested two times: once before and once at the end of the experimental period. They performed a progressive cycle ergometer test at each visit. Substrate oxidation was evaluated by indirect calorimetry. Training was individualized at the point when fat oxidation was maximal (Lipox(max)). RESULTS: Diet/training induced a significant decrease in body weight and body fat (after vs. before, p < 0.01). Plasma concentrations of IGF-1, IGFBP-3 and inflammatory markers were significantly decreased after the completion of the program. The diet/training program resulted in an increase in VO(2max)ACSM (24.6 +/- 2.5 to 33.1 +/- 3.1 ml/min/kg, p < 0.001) at the end of the intervention period. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that in the presence of weight loss, exercise training improves inflammatory markers and IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels in obese children. 
A urinary trichloroacetic acid (TCA) concentration of 100mg/l at the end of the last work shift (8h/day, 5days/week) of the week has been established in workers as exposure equivalent for the carcinogenic substance trichloroethene (EKA for TRI) at an exposure concentration of 50ppm TRI. Due to the continuous reduction of atmospheric TRI concentrations during the last years, the quantitative relation given by the EKA for TRI is revised for exposures to low TRI concentrations. A physiological two-compartment model is presented by which the urinary TCA concentrations are calculated that result from inhaled TRI in humans. The model contains one compartment for trichloroethanol (TCE) and one for TCA. Inhaled TRI is metabolized to TCA and to TCE. The latter is in part further oxidized to TCA. Urinary elimination of TCA is modeled to obey first order kinetics. All required model parameters were taken form the literature. In order to evaluate the model performance on the urinary TCA excretion at low exposure concentrations, predicted urinary TCA concentrations were compared with data obtained in two volunteer studies and in one field study. The model was evaluated at exposure concentrations as low as 12.5ppm TRI. It is demonstrated that the correlation described by the hitherto used EKA for TRI is also valid at low TRI concentrations. For TRI exposure concentrations of 0.6 and 6ppm, the resulting urinary TCA concentrations at the end of the last work shift of a week are predicted to be 1.2 and 12mg/l, respectively.
With the rapid development of the field of ecological and evolutionary immunology, a series of new techniques to measure different components of immune function is becoming commonplace. An important step for the interpretation of these new measures is to understand the kind of information about the animal that they convey. We showed that the microbicidal capacity of Stonechat (Saxicola torquata) blood, an integrative measure of constitutive immune function, is highly repeatable when tested against Escherichia coli and not significantly repeatable when tested against Candida albicans. The low repeatability against C. albicans results from relatively low variation among individuals, providing only low resolution to identify if this interindividual variation is consistent. In addition, we explored the effect of sex and age on microbicidal capacity, and found that over a range of ages from 1 to 7 years the blood of older birds had a better capacity to kill microbes. We concluded that, over a time period of weeks, microbicidal capacity of avian blood is an individual-bound trait, that shows consistent interindividual variation partly related to age, and unaffected by sex. This knowledge is important when interpreting the possible evolutionary mechanism underlying immunological differences, for example among individuals, environments and seasons.
Incontinence is one of the most frequently encountered problems in multiple sclerosis (MS), and it has a negative effect on the daily lives of patients. Therefore, it is important to investigate this complaint and start appropriate treatment early. The aim of our study was to demonstrate the validity and reliability of the Turkish-language Incontinence Quality of Life Scale (I-QOL) in patients with MS. We included 37 patients with MS in this study. For analysis of test-retest reliability, we administered the Turkish-language version of I-QOL developed by a "translation-back translation" method to patients on the day of admission and 1 week after admission. To assess validity, we also evaluated patients with the Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life Scale (MQOL-54) and Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS). We calculated the intraclass correlation coefficient of the I-QOL (total and all subscores) as 0.88 to 0.91 and the Cronbach alpha score as 0.88 to 0.91 (p < 0.05). We found a significant correlation among all subscores of I-QOL and physical and mental subscores of MQOL-54 and EDSS (p < 0.05). Our study has demonstrated the internal consistency and reliability of the I-QOL in the Turkish language in patients with MS.
Fetal and maternal exposure levels of two emerging pollutants, polybrominated diephenyl ethers (PBDEs) and synthetic musks, were measured in Korean general population to assess prenatal and postnatal exposures in infants. For this purpose, paired samples of breast milk, maternal and cord blood were collected from 20 Korean women in 2007. In comparison to data from other countries and previous data from Korea, relatively higher and gradually increasing concentrations for PBDEs were found in Korean breast milk (< LOQ to 590 ng g(-1) lipid wt; median=90 ng g(-1)). Differences in PBDEs and musk concentrations were found among age groups and parity levels. PBDEs concentrations in breast milk were lower in the younger mothers and/or the mothers with multiple parities, while these trends were not found for musks. Compared with PBDEs, concentrations of musks were significantly lower in breast milk than in serum and a little correlation in concentrations among the three human biological matrices were observed. The differences in the profiles of musks relative to PBDEs were due to different clearance rates between these two compounds. The average hazard quotients (HQs) for daily intake of PBDEs by infants via lactation were 0.62, 0.42, and 0.19 for BDE-47, BDE-99, and BDE-153, respectively.
We investigate associations of fruit and vegetable intake with the risk of future hypertension using home blood pressure in a general population from Ohasama, Japan. We obtained data from 745 residents aged 35 years without home hypertension at baseline. Dietary intake was measured using a validated 141-item food frequency questionnaire, and subjects were then divided into quartiles according to the fruit and vegetable intake. Home hypertension was defined as home systolic/diastolic blood pressure of 135/85mmHg and/or the use of antihypertensive medication. During a 4-year follow-up period, we identified 222 incident cases of home hypertension. After adjustment for all putative confounding factors, the highest quartile of fruit intake was associated with a significantly lower risk of future home hypertension (odds ratio 0.40, 95% confidence interval 0.22-0.74, P=0.004). In conclusion, this study, based on home blood pressure measurement, suggests that higher intake of fruit is associated with a lower risk of future home hypertension.
The subacute toxicity of a commercial polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) preparation, Bromkal 70-5DE, was investigated. In addition to a vehicle control, the mixture was given orally to male and female Sprague-Dawley rats for 28 d at three dose levels; 2.5, 25 and 250 mg kg(-1) b.w.d(-1). The observed effects include increased hepatic EROD activity (from 2.5 mg kg(-1)d(-1)); increased liver weight (males), increased PROD activity and depletion of hepatic retinoids (from 25 mg kg(-1)d(-1)); and increased liver weight (females), marked histological changes in the liver and lungs, as well as increased serum parameters such as total protein, cholesterol and albumin (from 250 mg kg(-1)d(-1)). Chemical analysis of the PBDE mixture with gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GS/MS) showed impurities of polybrominated dibenzofurans and to a lesser extent dibenzodioxins, in total levels of about 7.0 microg g(-1) of Bromkal technical mixture. The animals were thereby exposed to an estimated dose of dioxin-like equivalents corresponding to 1.3-131 ng TEQ kg(-1) b.w.d(-1). It cannot be ruled out that this level of impurities can explain the hepatic EROD induction and hepatic retinoid depletion, which are considered typical markers of toxicity mediated via the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR).
Blood plasma samples (n = 43) collected retrospectively from New York State employees and National Guard personnel who had been assigned to work in the vicinity of the World Trade Center (WTC) during the week after the collapse of the buildings were analyzed for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and polychlorinated naphthalenes (PCNs). On the basis of algorithms developed to rank individual exposures to dust and debris and to smoke, we categorized the samples as: more smoke exposure (MSE), more dust exposure (MDE), less smoke exposure (LSE), and less dust exposure (LDE). Mean concentrations of PCDDs were 1070, 223, 3690, and 732 pg/g lipid wt, and mean concentrations of PCDFs were 910, 1520, 230, and 117 pg/g lipid wt, for the MSE, MDE, LSE, and LDE groups, respectively. The concentrations of PCDFs were higher in the two "more exposure" groups than in the two "less exposure" groups. Calculated TEQ concentrations of coplanar PCBs and PCDD/Fs in plasma samples were, on average, 1.12 and 41.2 pg WHO-TEQ/g lipid wt, respectively. TEQ concentrations of PCDFs were higher than those of PCDDs in both "more exposure" groups but lower than those of PCDDs in "less exposure" groups. This result is suggestive of exposure of the WTC responders to PCDFs after the WTC collapse. PCDFs contributed the majority of TEQs and are therefore the critical dioxin-like compounds in MSE/MDE groups, whereas PCDDs are the critical compounds in the LSE/LDE groups.
Estradiol concentrations are evaluated in canine serum as part of an adrenal panel used to diagnose atypical Cushing's syndrome and other endocrine abnormalities. Estradiol concentrations are often elevated in dogs without clinical signs of hyperestrogenism, and the significance of this elevation is unknown. The purpose of this study was to estimate the variation in estradiol concentrations in normal dogs. Ten neutered male and female dogs were enrolled in the study. Blood was collected from each dog at 2 h intervals, four times during a given day. This was repeated approximately 1 (week 2) and 5 weeks later (week 6). There was no attempt for a given dog to be started at the exact time or day each week. Results showed that estradiol concentrations ranged from 44.6 to 120.3 pg/mL with a mean of 70.4 pg/mL, which is greater than the upper limit of normal for our laboratory (69 pg/mL). The mean difference between the highest and lowest concentrations for each dog was 28.8 pg/mL, with a range of 12.5-53.5 pg/mL. Mean estradiol concentrations from week 6 (63.2 pg/mL) were significantly lower than those from week 1 (71.4 pg/mL; P=0.015) and week 2 (76.5 pg/mL; P=0.0004). These data show a wide range of variability in estradiol concentration both within and between dogs and that these measurements often exceed the normal ranges established by the laboratory. Therefore, diagnosis of hyperestrogenism or atypical Cushing's syndrome based on increased estradiol concentrations should require compatible clinical presentation of hyperestrogenism together with elevated serum estradiol.
BACKGROUND: We compared Glycine Propionyl-L-Carnitine (GlycoCarn(R)) and three different pre-workout nutritional supplements on measures of skeletal muscle oxygen saturation (StO2), blood nitrate/nitrite (NOx), lactate (HLa), malondialdehyde (MDA), and exercise performance in men. METHODS: Using a randomized, double-blind, cross-over design, 19 resistance trained men performed tests of muscular power (bench press throws) and endurance (10 sets of bench press to muscular failure). A placebo, GlycoCarn(R), or one of three dietary supplements (SUPP1, SUPP2, SUPP3) was consumed prior to exercise, with one week separating conditions. Blood was collected before receiving the condition and immediately after exercise. StO2 was measured during the endurance test using Near Infrared Spectroscopy. Heart rate (HR) and rating of perceived exertion (RPE) were determined at the end of each set. RESULTS: A condition effect was noted for StO2 at the start of exercise (p = 0.02), with GlycoCarn(R) higher than SUPP2. A condition effect was also noted for StO2 at the end of exercise (p = 0.003), with SUPP1 lower than all other conditions. No statistically significant interaction, condition, or time effects were noted for NOx or MDA (p > 0.05); however, MDA decreased 13.7% with GlycoCarn(R) and increased in all other conditions. Only a time effect was noted for HLa (p < 0.0001), with values increasing from pre- to post-exercise. No effects were noted for HR, RPE, or for any exercise performance variables (p > 0.05); however, GlycoCarn(R) resulted in a statistically insignificant greater total volume load compared to the placebo (3.3%), SUPP1 (4.2%), SUPP2 (2.5%), and SUPP3 (4.6%). CONCLUSION: None of the products tested resulted in favorable changes in our chosen outcome measures, with the exception of GlycoCarn(R) in terms of higher StO2 at the start of exercise. GlycoCarn(R) resulted in a 13.7% decrease in MDA from pre- to post-exercise and yielded a non-significant but greater total volume load compared to all other conditions. These data indicate that 1) a single ingredient (GlycoCarn(R)) can provide similar practical benefit than finished products containing multiple ingredients, and 2) while we do not have data in relation to post-exercise recovery parameters, the tested products are ineffective in terms of increasing blood flow and improving acute upper body exercise performance. 
Although high mammographic density is a risk factor for postmenopausal breast cancer, its etiology remains unclear. We examined whether serum and dietary cholesterol, which increase breast cancer risk and are involved in endogenous estrogen formation, were associated with increased mammographic density. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 302 healthy, sedentary postmenopausal women, aged 50-74 years, enrolled in the Alberta Physical Activity and Breast Cancer Prevention Trial between 2003 and 2006. In multiple linear regression models, no significant associations were observed between serum lipids and percent density or dense tissue area (Percent density: b (change in square root percent density per unit change in cholesterol level) = -0.06 (95%CI = -0.26 to 0.13); b = 0.06 (95%CI = -0.48 to 0.61); and b = -0.11 (95%CI = -0.33 to 0.10) for total cholesterol, high-, and low-density lipoprotein, respectively; similar results found for dense area). Alcohol consumption modified the association between triglycerides and percent density (>1 drink/day: b = -0.94 (95%CI = -1.79 to -0.10);  1 drink/day: b = 0.19 (95%CI = -0.12 to 0.50); and no alcohol consumption: b = 0.15 (95%CI = -0.44 to 0.73). We found no evidence indicating any association between dietary and serum cholesterol levels and mammographic density.
Heat-moisture (hm)-high-amylose corn starch (HACS), which includes a larger amount of resistant starch than HACS or regular cornstarch (CS), is more indigestible in the small intestine than HACS or CS. An hm-HACS diet was also shown to ameliorate glucose intolerance and lipid abnormalities. This study examined the effects of feeding rats an hm-HACS diet for 14 days on the activities of mucosal alpha-glucosidase along the jejunal-ileal axis and lipogenic enzymes in epididymal adipose tissue. The contents in the lumen of the cecum were increased by feeding rats the HACS and hm-HACS diets, and the cecal weight was increased by the hm-HACS diet. The HACS diet reduced the activity of alpha-glucosidase in the upper jejunal mucosa, induced its activity in the upper ileal mucosa, reduced lipogenic enzyme activity in epididymal adipose tissue, and reduced serum triglyceride levels. These effects were more pronounced with the hm-HACS than with the HACS diet. These results suggest that feeding rats the hm-HACS diet reduced the activities of lipogenic enzymes in adipose tissue and alpha-glucosidase in the jejunal mucosa and induced the activity of alpha-glucosidase in the ileal mucosa compared with the HACS diet.
BACKGROUND: The efficacy of chocolate milk (CM) as a recovery beverage following a period of increased training duration (ITD) was studied in intercollegiate soccer players. METHODS: 13 subjects completed one week of normal 'baseline' training followed by four days of ITD. After each day of ITD, subjects received either a high-carbohydrate (504 kcal; CHO: 122 g; 2 g Fat) or isocaloric CM (504 kcal; 84 g CHO; 28 g Pro; 7 g Fat) recovery beverage. Serum creatine kinase (CK), myoglobin (Mb), muscle soreness, fatigue ratings and isometric quadriceps force (MVC) were obtained prior to ITD, and following 2- and 4-days of ITD. Performance tests (T-drill, vertical jump) were performed within training sessions. Treatments were administered in a randomly counterbalanced protocol, and subjects repeated the procedures with the alternate beverage following a two-week washout period. RESULTS: Mean daily training time and HR increased (p < 0.05) between baseline training and ITD, with no differences between treatments. No treatment*time effects were observed for Mb, muscle soreness, fatigue ratings and MVC. However, serum CK was significantly lower (p < 0.05) following four days of ITD with CM (316.9 +/- 188.3 U.L-1) compared to CHO (431.6 +/- 310.8 U.L-1). No treatment differences were observed for the performance tests. CONCLUSIONS: Post-exercise CM provided similar muscle recovery responses to an isocaloric CHO beverage during four-days of ITD. Future studies should investigate if the attenuated CK levels observed with CM have functional significance during more demanding periods of training. 
Fibroadenomas are the most common benign breast condition among women and account for up to 50% of all breast biopsies being performed. Although considered a benign condition, fibroadenomas utilize substantial resources for management and treatment to rule out potential malignancies. Dietary factors may influence benign fibrocystic breast conditions, but little is known of their association with fibroadenomas. We examined possible associations between a broad spectrum of circulating biomarkers of dietary intake and risk of fibroadenomas. Participants were women in a breast self-examination trial in Shanghai, China who were diagnosed with fibroadenomas (n = 258) and 1035 controls. Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% CI. Isoflavone concentrations were inversely associated with risk of fibroadenomas. Adjusted OR (95% CI) for the highest versus the lowest quartile of plasma concentration were 0.36 (0.16-0.79; P-trend < 0.001) for daidzein and 0.39 (0.19-0.84; P-trend = 0.010) for genistein. We also observed inverse associations between higher percentages of the RBC (n-3) fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ([0.38 (0.19-0.77); P-trend = 0.007] and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) [0.32 (0.15-0.70); P-trend = 0.024], and fibroadenoma risk. Circulating concentrations of carotenoids, vitamin C, retinol, and ferritin were not associated with fibroadenoma risk. The inverse associations between plasma isoflavone concentrations and RBC EPA and DPA and fibroadenoma risk suggest that higher intakes of soy foods and fatty fish may lower the risk of fibroadenomas.
In the present study, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed to evaluate the safety of an excessive intake and the efficacy of a long-term intake of polyphenols derived from apples for moderately underweight to moderately obese subjects (long-term intake: 94 subjects; excessive intake: 30 subjects). For each trial, the subjects were divided into the following two groups: a group that drank beverages with apple polyphenols (600 mg) (hereinafter referred to as the apple group) and a group that drank beverages without apple polyphenols (hereinafter referred to as the placebo group). For the long-term intake trial, the subjects were given a regular amount of the beverage (340 g) each day for 12 weeks. For the excessive intake trial, the subjects were given three times the regular amount of the beverage each day for 4 weeks. It is noteworthy that the visceral fat area (VFA) of subjects in the apple group for the long-term intake trial had decreased significantly by the 8- and 12-week marks (week 8: p < 0.05; week 12: p < 0.01) compared to the baseline (week 0). The degree of change in VFA experienced by subjects in the apple group compared to those in the placebo group was significantly lower by the 8- and 12-week marks (p < 0.01). Stratified analysis indicated that the VFA of subjects in the apple group that started with a high VFA (VFA > or = 100 cm(2)) had decreased significantly by the 8- and 12-week marks compared to the baseline (week 8: p < 0.05; week 12: p < 0.01). However, no significant change in the VFA of subjects in the apple group that started with a normal VFA (VFA < 100 cm(2)) was exhibited by the 8- and 12-week marks. No clinical problems arose in the blood examinations or physical examinations for the long-term intake trial or the excessive intake trial. No adverse reaction was observed in either trial. These results demonstrated the efficacy and the safety of the beverage with apple polyphenols.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: B vitamins have been implicated in major chronic diseases but results have been inconsistent. This study evaluated the accuracy of dietary intakes of folate, vitamin B12, riboflavin and vitamin B6 as measured by the Northern Sweden Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) against repeated 24-h recalls (24HR) and plasma levels, taking into consideration the MTHFR 677C>T polymorphism. SUBJECTS/METHODS: B vitamin intakes assessed by a semi-quantitative FFQ designed to measure the intake over the previous year were compared with those from 10 24HR, as well as to plasma levels of folate and vitamin B12, in randomly selected men (n=96) and women (n=99) aged 30-60 years. FFQ-based B-vitamin intakes were also compared with plasma levels of B-vitamins and with MTHFR 677C4T genotype in 878 men, aged 40-61 years. RESULTS: Intakes of vitamins B12 and riboflavin were similar, whereas folate and B6 intakes were 16-27% higher, as estimated by FFQ versus 24HR. Spearman correlation coefficients between the two methods ranged from 0.31 to 0.63 (all P<or=0.002), and were lowest for vitamin B12. Intakes estimated by FFQ were correlated with plasma levels, but coefficients were lower (range: 0.13-0.33), particularly for vitamin B12 in men (0.15-0.18). Folate intake was not correlated with plasma levels in subjects with the MTHFR 677 T/T genotype. CONCLUSIONS: The validity of the Northern Sweden FFQ for assessing B vitamin intake is similar to that of many other FFQs used in large-scale studies. The FFQ is suitable for ranking individuals by intake of folate, riboflavin, vitamin B6 and to a lesser extent vitamin B12. 
BACKGROUND: Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF) proteomic signature might be of interest for the early detection and staging of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, published procedures have been criticized for the lack of data about analytical reproducibility, and the use of inadequate data processing. METHODS: MALDI-TOF profiling of peptides bound to serum albumin ("albuminome") was performed using 90 L of serum from 45 study subjects (HCV-related cirrhosis, small, unifocal HCCs and advanced HCCs). To overcome the large intra-sample variability, a Quality Assurance protocol was implemented, and 4-8 samples for each subject were processed and analyzed. Overall, 522 subject samples and 299 quality-control spectra were analyzed. A machine-learning approach (Random Forest) was applied to analyze the data sets. RESULTS: Mean intra-sample coefficient of variation (CV) of the analytical procedure was 17.6%-30.0%; inter-subject CV was in the range 48.8%-71.3% among the three study groups. The Random Forest procedure correctly classified 433/522 "patient samples" and 295/299 "reference samples"; 43/45 patients were correctly classified following this approach. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that, notwithstanding the large analytical variability found, multiple proteomic profiles obtained from each subject can differentiate cirrhosis with and without HCC, and HCCs with and without vascular invasion, warranting further investigation in a prospective setting. 
This study examined the relationship between feed efficiency and performance, and feeding behavior, blood metabolic variables, and various ultrasonic measurements in finishing beef heifers. Within-animal repeatability estimates of feed intake and behavior, performance, feed efficiency, ultrasonic body measures, and plasma analytes across the growing and finishing stages of the lifespan of the animal were also calculated. Fifty heifers previously ranked as yearlings on phenotypic residual feed intake (RFI) were used. Animals [initial BW = 418 (SD = 31.5) kg] were offered a TMR diet consisting of 70:30 concentrate and corn silage on a DM basis (ME 10.7 MJ/kg of DM; DM 530 g/kg) for 84 d. Feeding duration (min/d) and feeding frequency (events/d) were calculated for each animal on a daily basis using a computerized feeding system. Ultrasonic kidney fat and lumbar and rump fat and muscle depths were recorded on 3 equally spaced occasions during the experimental period. Blood samples were collected by jugular venipuncture on 4 occasions during the experimental period and analyzed for plasma concentrations of IGF-I, insulin, and various metabolites. Phenotypic RFI was calculated for all animals as the residuals from a regression model regressing DMI on ADG and midtest BW(0.75). Repeatability was calculated for several traits both within and between production phase using intraclass correlation and Pearson correlation coefficients as appropriate. Overall ADG, DMI, G:F, and RFI were 1.17 kg/d (SD = 0.19), 10.81 kg/d (SD = 1.02), 0.11 kg of BW gain/kg of DM (SD = 0.02), and 0.00 kg of DM/d (SD 0.59). Daily feeding events and eating rate tended to be positively correlated (P = 0.08) with RFI. Ultrasonic kidney fat depth tended to be related to G:F (r = -0.28; P = 0.07), and kidney fat accretion tended to be related to RFI (r = 0.29; P = 0.08). Plasma urea (r = 0.38; P < 0.01), -hydroxybutyrate (r = 0.40; P < 0.01), and insulin (r = 0.23; P = 0.07) concentrations were correlated with RFI. Plasma glucose (r = -0.25; P = 0.07), glucose:insulin (r = 0.33; P < 0.05), and insulin (r = -0.30; P < 0.05) were associated with G:F. However, systemic IGF-I was unrelated (P > 0.10) to any measure of feed efficiency. Repeatability estimates within the finishing period for DMI, feeding duration, feeding events, feed intake/feeding event, and eating rate were 0.34, 0.37, 0.60, 0.62, and 0.56, respectively. Repeatability estimates (P < 0.001) between the growing and finishing phases for DMI, G:F, and RFI were r = 0.61, r = 0.37, and r = 0.62, respectively. Moderate to strong repeatability values (ranging from r = 0.40 to 0.76; P < 0.001) were obtained for feeding behavior traits between the yearling and finishing phases. We conclude that RFI and feeding behavior are repeatable traits and that some plasma analytes may be potential indicators of RFI in beef cattle.
OBJECTIVE: Dietary fish is the main source of methylmercury (MeHg) for man, and fish consumption has been used as a measure of MeHg exposure. However, other dietary sources of exposure exist and MeHg metabolism may also be modified by nutritional factors. The aim of the present study was to examine the association between blood MeHg concentration and consumption of different foods in a Finnish population with high fish consumption. DESIGN: Blood samples, a detailed FFQ and additional frequency data on fish consumption were collected. MeHg was analysed from whole blood by the isotope dilution method with high-resolution MS. The consumption of different foods was calculated by MeHg quartiles and tested for linear trend. SETTING: Finnish southern and south-western coast of the Baltic Sea. SUBJECTS: Two hundred and ninety-nine professional fishermen, their spouses and other family members. RESULTS: Mean (range) blood MeHg concentration was 46 (021-22) g/l among men and 28 (<015-20) g/l among women. Fish had the strongest positive association with MeHg (P for linear trend <0001 among both men and women). Among men, positive associations were also observed for fruit vegetables, wheat and wine. Among women, positive associations were observed for root vegetables, legumes, potato and game, but adjustment for fish consumption attenuated these trends. CONCLUSIONS: The study shows that, besides fish, MeHg may have other dietary sources that should be taken into account in risk assessment studies. Due to the observed high blood MeHg concentration, a thorough exposure assessment among the general Finnish population is recommended. 
The objective was to describe retinol plasma concentration and its association with socio-demographic characteristics and dietary habits in French older persons. The study population consisted of 1664 subjects aged 65 + from Bordeaux (France), included in the Three-City cohort. Retinol plasma concentration was determined in fasting blood samples. Dietary assessment was performed by a food frequency questionnaire allowing estimation of weekly intake of dietary sources of vitamin A or provitamin A. The weekly number of glasses of alcohol was also recorded. Age, sex, marital status, educational and income levels, body-mass index (BMI), and smoking were registered. Cross-sectional analysis of the association between plasma retinol and socio-demographic characteristics and dietary habits was performed by multilinear regression. Mean plasma retinol was close to the homeostatically regulated concentration of 2.0 micromol/L but ranged from 0.35 to 6.77 micromol/L. It was higher in women and divorced or separated individuals, and increased with income but not with age or educational level. Plasma retinol was positively and independently associated with the frequency of offal consumption and to the number of glasses of alcohol consumed per week. These results allow targeting older individuals who are at risk of either excessive or deficient vitamin A status and who should benefit from dietary counseling.
European Union regulation has defined maximum levels for polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in food from animal origin. In case of particular event where livestock is potentially exposed to a specific source of contamination, the possibility of accurate estimation of the PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB levels in edible tissues of the animals from in vivo and weakly invasive biological matrices (fast animal recovery, no major side effects) may be of clear valuable interest. This study investigated the correlations between contamination levels determined in subcutaneous adipose tissue and blood samples obtained from living animals and those measured after slaughtering in muscle and liver. The obtained results demonstrated very good correlations between these in vivo and ex vivo samples in terms of PCDD/F and PCB contamination levels. Finally, it seems to be demonstrated that a weakly invasive biopsy of subcutaneous adipose tissue performed on living animal (potentially completed by a blood sample) can be used in order to predict contamination levels in muscle and liver destined to human consumption.
This study was conducted to assess the health of a subtidal marine sculpin, Myoxocephalus scorpius, naturally exposed in a shipping terminal where polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) had been spilled, as well as that of others sculpins after decontamination in the laboratory for 16 weeks. Reference samples were captured at a pristine site upcurrent from the contaminated terminal. Examination of field samples caught by scuba divers showed external and toxicopathic lesions in several tissues; decreased body condition and organ indices; and decreased hemoglobin and lymphocyte levels. No difference in the diversity of parasites was observed between reference and contaminated samples, but abundance was generally greater in fish from the latter site. Although the total number of species of parasites decreased in both groups of depurated sculpins, the abundance of infections on gill and gall bladder was significantly greater in fish from the polluted site. These results suggest that M. scorpius was affected adversely by PCBs and that its responses are ecologically significant as a bioindicator species in degraded habitats. Moreover, remediation might not mitigate the observed anomalies in fish inhabiting the impacted site.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationships between job stress and indicators of autonomic nervous system activity in employees of the manufacturing industry. A total of 140 employees from a company that manufactures consumer goods (i.e., diapers and paper towels) were recruited for participation in this study. Job stress was assessed using Karasek's Job Content Questionnaire. Heart rate variability (HRV) was measured using a heart rate monitor, and urinary catecholamines were measured by an HPLC-ECD. Information on demographic characteristics, previous job history, smoking status and alcohol consumption was also collected. Job stress did not have a significant effect on HRV or catecholamines. However, low-frequency HRV was significantly higher in the high-strain group of subjects with a short duration of employment. Low- and high-frequency HRV were higher in the high-strain group than in the low-strain group, but these differences were not statistically significant. The results of the present study indicate that low-frequency HRV was significantly higher in the high-strain group of subjects with a short duration of employment. In addition, the results of this study show that HRV can be used as a potential physiologic indicator of job stress in employees with a short duration of employment.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are known to reduce serum thyroxine (T(4)) in rats, but the relative effects of individual PCB congeners on thyroid hormones are not known. Thus, male Sprague-Dawley rats were administered Aroclor 1254, Aroclor 1242 (4, 8, 16, or 32 mg/kg/day), PCB 95 (2,2',3,5',6-pentachlorobiphenyl), PCB 99 (2,2',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl), PCB 118 (2,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl) (2, 4, 8, or 16 mg/kg/day), PCB 126 (3,3'4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl) (2.5, 5, 10, 20, or 40 microg/kg/day), TCDD (2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin) (0.14, 0.43, 1.3, or 3.9 microg/kg/day), or corn oil via oral gavage for 7 days. Rats were necropsied 24 h after the last dose. Serum thyroid hormone levels were evaluated by radioimmunoassay, and induction of hepatic Cyp1a (a TCDD-inducible protein) and Cyp2b (a phenobarbital [PB]-inducible protein) activity was determined by ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase and pentoxyresorufin-O-deethylase assays, respectively. Significant increases in Cyp1a activity occurred in response to PCBs, except PCB 95 and PCB 99. Aroclor 1254, PCB 99, and PCB 118 significantly induced Cyp2b activity. Serum total T(4) and free T(4) were dramatically reduced in response to each of the seven treatments in a dose-dependent manner. The marked T(4) reductions occurred in response to Aroclor 1254, PCB 99 (a PB-type congener), and PCB 118 (a mixed-type congener). In contrast, reductions in serum triiodothyronine (total and free) were variable and mild, and serum thyroid-stimulating hormone was not significantly affected by any of the compounds. These data indicate that the PB and mixed-type PCB congeners are more effective than the TCDD-type PCB congeners at reducing serum T(4).
Although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low-grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. As several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low-fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. Thirty-five healthy subjects (BMI>27 kg/m) consumed, in a random order, low-fat dairy products (500 ml low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. Plasma concentrations of TNF- were decreased by 0.16 (SD 0.50) pg/ml (P = 0.070), and soluble TNF- receptor-1 (s-TNFR-1) was increased by 110.0 (SD 338.4) pg/ml (P = 0.062) after the low-fat dairy period than after the control period. s-TNFR-2 was increased by 227.0 (SD 449.0) pg/ml (P = 0.020) by the dairy intervention. As a result, the TNF- index, defined as the TNF-:s-TNFR-2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (SD 0.00012) (P = 0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. Low-fat dairy consumption had no effect on IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 concentrations. The present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low-fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s-TNFR compared with carbohydrate-rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
The hypothesis of this study was that the replacement of regular milk with fortified milk in hyperlipidemic adults for 1 year would improve bone biomarkers. The fortified milk contained eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid from fish oils, oleic acid, vitamins A, B(6), and E, as well as folic acid. We believe that the fortified milk will improve the blood fatty acid profile and vitamin status in subjects to benefit bone health biomarkers. From the 84 patients who accepted to participate, 11 of these were excluded for the presence of metabolic diseases and 1 was excluded for noncompliance with the protocol. Seventy-two hyperlipidemic patients (35-65 years) were randomly divided between 2 study groups. The supplement group (E; n = 39) consumed 0.5 L/d of fortified milk that contained fish oil, oleic acid, and vitamins. The control group (C; n = 33) consumed 0.5 L/d of semiskimmed milk containing the same amount of total fat. Blood samples were taken at T(0), T(3), T(6), and T(12) months to determine plasma fatty acids, vitamins B(6), E, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D and serum folate, calcium, soluble osteoprotegerin (OPG), soluble receptor activator of NF-kappaB ligand (RANKL), osteocalcin, parathormone, type I collagen carboxy-terminal telopeptide, and malondialdehyde. After 1 year, the E group showed a significant increase in plasma eicosapentaenoic acid (42%), docosahexaenoic acid (60%), vitamin B6 (38%), OPG (18%), RANKL (7%), OPG/RANKL (10%), red blood cell folate (21%), serum folate (53%), calcium (4%), vitamin D (11%), and osteocalcin (22%). Dietary supplementation with the fortified milk drink improved nutritional status and bone formation markers in adult hyperlipidemic patients.
BACKGROUND: Anion gap (AG) is a useful index for assessing the clinical condition of critically ill patients especially in intoxication. Recently, AG can be obtained easily using a blood gas analyzer (BGA); however, its reliability requires validation. METHODS: We enrolled patients who simultaneously underwent blood gas analysis and blood test in the central hospital laboratory and patients who visited the emergency department of our hospital from January 1, 2004, to December 31, 2007. The deviation of AG calculated using the BGA and that calculated by the central hospital laboratory were extracted. From the data obtained using the BGA, the independent risk factor causing a significant error in AG was statistically analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 2922 patients were enrolled, of which 339 were defined as the significant error group. Male sex, abnormal Hco(3)(-), abnormal lactate, abnormal K, abnormal Cl, and abnormal Na were the independent risk factors producing the significant error. The results indicate that regardless of whether the original electrolyte data of the patients are abnormal, when the electrolyte measurement results obtained using the BGA are abnormal, the calculated AG might show a significant error. In addition, the fact that lactate was determined as a risk factor indicates that AG might be more useful in patients who have intoxication than in those under an unstable state in terms of vital signs. CONCLUSION: When risk factors are present, the medical condition of a patient should be reevaluated by comparing results without heavily relying on the AG obtained by a BGA. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in oesophageal epithelial tissue and oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) case status in an ESCC case-control study in a high-risk population in north-eastern Iran. METHODS: Tissue microarrays (TMAs) of non-tumoral oesophageal biopsies from patients with biopsy-proven ESCC and gastrointestinal clinic patients with no endoscopic or biopsy evidence of ESCC (control subjects) in a rural region in north-eastern Iran were immunohistochemically stained. Immunohistochemistry was performed using monoclonal antibodies 8E11 and 5D11 raised against benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P) diol epoxide (BPDE)-I-modified guanosine and BPDE-I-modified DNA, respectively. Staining intensity was quantified by image analysis and the average staining in three replicates was calculated. The main outcome measure was adjusted ORs with 95% CIs for the association between antibody staining intensity and ESCC case status. RESULTS: Cultured ESCC cells exposed to B[a]P in vitro showed dose-dependent staining with 8E11 but not with 5D11. With 8E11, sufficient epithelial tissue was available in the TMA cores to analyse 91 cases and 103 controls. Compared with the lowest quintile of 8E11 staining in the controls, adjusted ORs for the 2nd to 5th quintiles were 2.42, 5.77, 11.3 and 26.6 (95% CI 5.21 to 135), respectively (p for trend <0.001). With 5D11, 89 cases and 101 controls were analysed. No association between staining and case status was observed (ORs for the 2nd to 5th quintiles were 1.26, 0.88, 1.06 and 1.63 (95% CI 0.63 to 4.21), p for trend=0.40). CONCLUSIONS: Dramatically higher levels of 8E11 staining were observed in non-tumoral oesophageal epithelium from patients with ESCC than from control subjects. This finding strengthens the evidence for a causal role for PAHs in oesophageal carcinogenesis in north-eastern Iran. 
This study investigated the effect of the pre- and perinatal exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) on the neuroendocrine parameters that regulate reproduction in peripubertal male rats. DEHP at dose of 3 and 30mg/kg bw/day was administered orally to female rat since pregnancy onset until weaning. The male litters were sacrificed at 30 days of age to determine gonadotropin serum level and the hypothalamic contents of the amino acids aspartate and gamma-aminobutyric acid. No changes in gonadotropin, aspartate and gamma-aminobutyric acid levels were detected at the low dose. DEHP 30mg/kg bw/day reduced testis weight and serum FSH, in correlation with a significant increase in the inhibitory GABAergic tone and a reduction in the stimulatory effect of aspartate on gonadotropin level. This study provides unknown data regarding changes in the hypothalamic contents of the amino acid neurotransmitters, which are involved in the neuroendocrine regulation of reproductive axis, in peripubertal male rat offspring from dams exposed to DEHP during gestational and lactational periods. This could be related with the gonadotropin modifications also here described.
PURPOSE: Dietary fatty acids affect several pregnancy outcomes including fetal growth and development. We compared self-reported intakes with concentrations of fatty acids in adipose tissue in pregnant women. METHODS: The study was nested within Gerao XXI, a birth cohort assembled in Portugal. Intake was assessed by nine food diaries (FDs) completed throughout pregnancy and an FFQ administered in the immediate postpartum period. A gluteal adipose tissue sample was obtained from 23 women. RESULTS: FDs and FFQ estimated similar percentages of saturated (SFA), monounsaturated (MUFA), and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), but the adipose tissue yielded a lower percentage of SFA and higher percentages of MUFA and PUFA. Correlations between FDs and adipose tissue ranged from r = 0.50 for trans fatty acids to r = -0.19 for linolenic acid. The proportion of women categorized in opposite tertiles by these two methods ranged from 4.3% to 30.4%. Correlations between FFQ and adipose tissue were even weaker and levels of misclassification higher. CONCLUSIONS: The correlations observed in this study between self-reported intakes and tissue concentrations are weaker than those observed in a similar study conducted among nonpregnant women, suggesting that adipose tissue levels of fatty acids may be a poor biomarker of dietary intake in pregnancy. 
The effect of protein fractionation on the bioavailability of amino acids and peptides and insulin response and whether the protein source influences these effects in humans are poorly understood. This study compared the effects of different sources and degrees of hydrolysis of dietary protein, independent of carbohydrate, on plasma amino acid and dipeptide levels and insulin responses in humans. Ten subjects were enrolled in the study, with five subjects participating in trials on either soy or whey protein and their hydrolysates. Protein hydrolysates were absorbed more rapidly as plasma amino acids compared to nonhydrolyzed protein. Whey protein also caused more rapid increases in indispensable amino acid and branched-chain amino acid concentrations than soy protein. In addition, protein hydrolysates caused significant increases in Val-Leu and Ile-Leu concentrations compared to nonhydrolyzed protein. Whey protein hydrolysates also induced significantly greater stimulation of insulin release than the other proteins. Taken together, these results demonstrate whey protein hydrolysates cause significantly greater increases in the plasma concentrations of amino acids, dipeptides, and insulin.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) study equation and the Cockcroft-Gault (CG) equation perform poorly in the (near-) normal range of GFR. Whether this is due to the level of GFR as such or to differences in individual characteristics between healthy individuals and patient with chronic kidney disease (CKD) is unknown. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: We evaluated the performance of MDRD, CG per BSA (CG/(BSA)) and Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equations compared with measured GFR (mGFR; I-iothalamate) at 4 months before and 2 months after donation in 253 consecutive living kidney donors. RESULTS: mGFR declined from 103  15 to 66  11 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) after donation. All equations underestimated mGFR at both time points. Arithmetic performance analysis showed improved performance after donation of all equations, with significant reduction of bias after donation. Expressed as percentage difference, mGFR-estimated GFR (eGFR) bias was reduced after donation only for CG/(BSA). Finally, in 295 unselected individuals who were screened for donation, mGFR was below the cutoff for donation of 80 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) in 19 individual but in 166, 98, and 74 for MDRD, CDK-EPI, and CG/(BSA), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A higher level of GFR as such is associated with larger absolute underestimation of true GFR by eGFR. For donor screening purposes, eGFR should be interpreted with great caution; when in doubt, true GFR should be performed to prevent unjustified decline of prospective kidney donors. 
This cross-sectional study of acute psychiatric admissions compared physicians' assessments of recent substance intake and on-site urine testing with comprehensive laboratory drug analyses. The sample comprised 325 consecutive admissions from 2 acute psychiatric wards. Physicians on call were asked to judge if the patient had recently taken benzodiazepines, opiates, alcohol, amphetamines, cannabis, or cocaine. Blood and urine samples were obtained and analyzed with chromatographic laboratory methods for a wide range of substances. A routine on-site urine screening test was performed in 92 of the cases. Physicians' assessments and on-site urine testing were compared with the reference standard of laboratory analyses. The sensitivity of the physician's assessment was highest for amphetamines (76%), followed by benzodiazepines (61%), opiates (57%), cannabis (55%), and cocaine (50%), whereas specificity was greater than 90% for all substances. The sensitivity of the on-site test ranged from 76% for amphetamine to 97% for cannabis, and specificity ranged from 82% for cannabis to 100% for cocaine. The study indicates clinical underdetection of recent substance intake among acute psychiatric admissions. On-site urine testing identified substance use that was not recognized by the physician's initial assessment, although specificity for cannabis and benzodiazepines was low. Chromatographic methods, which offered important supplementary information about substance use, should be considered for the routine screening of acutely admitted psychiatric patients.
Here we determined the relationship between red blood cell (RBC) omega-3 (n-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) and usual dietary marine food product intake among 630 Nunavik Inuit adults. Marine food product intake was determined by a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and fatty acids were quantified in RBC membranes. Multiple linear regression was undertaken to determine the relationship between marine food product intake and RBC n-3 LC-PUFAs (dependent variable). Mean RBC n-3 LC-PUFA level was 9.16  0.11% [SEM]. The highest correlations noted with RBC n-3 LC-PUFAs were for marine mammal fat (r(s)=0.41, P<0.0001) and fish (r(s)=0.35, P<0.0001). Age, total marine mammal fat and fish intakes were the variables that contributed the most to predicted RBC n-3 LC-PUFAs and explained 34%, 15% and 5%, respectively, of its variances. Our study indicates that marine mammal fat intake is more important than fish in accounting for RBC n-3 LC-PUFA levels among the Nunavik Inuit.
The domestic chicken (Gallus domesticus) has emerged as a powerful experimental model for studying the onset and progression of spontaneous epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) with a disease prevalence that can exceed 35% between 2 and 7 years of age. An experimental strategy for biomarker discovery is reported herein that combines the chicken model of EOC, longitudinal plasma sample collection with matched tissues, advanced mass spectrometry-based proteomics, and concepts derived from the index of individuality (Harris, Clin Chem 20: 1535-1542, 1974). Blood was drawn from 148 age-matched chickens starting at 2.5 years of age every 3 months for 1 year. At the conclusion of the 1 year sample collection period, the 73 birds that remained alive were euthanized, necropsied, and tissues were collected. Pathological assessment of resected tissues from these 73 birds confirmed that five birds (6.8%) developed EOC. A proteomics workflow including in-gel digestion, nanoLC coupled to high-performance mass spectrometry, and label-free (spectral counting) quantification was used to measure the biological intra-individual variability (CV(W)) of the chicken plasma proteome. Longitudinal plasma sample sets from two birds within the 73-bird biorepository were selected for this study; one bird was considered "healthy" and the second bird developed late-stage EOC. A total of 116 proteins from un-depleted plasma were identified with 80 proteins shared among all sample sets. Analytical variability (CV(A)) of the label-free proteomics workflow was measured using a single plasma sample analyzed five times and was found to be CV(W) in both birds for 16 proteins (20%) and in either bird for 25 proteins (31%). Ovomacroglobulin (ovostatin) was found to increase (p<0.001) over a 6 month period in the late-stage EOC bird providing an initial candidate protein for further investigation.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) bind the oestrogen receptor (ER) and increase uterine weight in animal models. This oestrogenic action of PCB metabolites is of putative human health concern. We have thus developed a system to study human in vitro PCB metabolism. Human liver microsomes produced PCB metabolites in an NADPH-dependent microsomal reaction mixture (MRM); the metabolites were tested for ER-binding affinity in the human recombinant oestrogen receptor-alpha (ER) competitive binding assay. These metabolites were identified using HPLC by comparing the retention times with known PCB-metabolites. 2,4,6-Trichlorobiphenyl (246BP) was used as a prototype to standardize this method. 246BP up to a concentration of 50 mum did not bind to ER, but 246BP-MRM competed for binding to ER; it competed for 75% of (3)H-estradiol-17beta ((3)H-E(2)) binding to ER. The ER-binding component of the 246BP-MRM had a retention time identical to that of 4'OH-246BP using HPLC. This method provides a rapid screen for the qualitative assessment of the presence of microsomally-generated ER-binding PCB metabolites to guide further characterization of these compounds by GC/MS analysis.
Human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) from sources such as industrial or urban air pollution, tobacco smoke and cooked food is not confined to a single compound, but instead to mixtures of different PAHs. The interaction of different PAHs may lead to additive, synergistic or antagonistic effects in terms of DNA adduct formation and carcinogenic activity resulting from changes in metabolic activation to reactive intermediates and DNA repair. The development of a targeted DNA adductomic approach using liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) incorporating software-based peak picking and integration for the assessment of exposure to mixtures of PAHs is described. For method development PAH-modified DNA samples were obtained by reaction of the anti-dihydrodiol epoxide metabolites of benzo[a]pyrene, benzo[b]fluoranthene, dibenzo[a,l]pyrene (DB[a,l]P) and dibenz[a,h]anthracene with calf thymus DNA in vitro and enzymatically hydrolysed to 2'-deoxynucleosides. Positive LC/electrospray ionisation (ESI)-MS/MS collision-induced dissociation product ion spectra data showed that the majority of adducts displayed a common fragmentation for the neutral loss of 116 u (2'-deoxyribose) resulting in a major product ion derived from the adducted base. The exception was the DB[a,l]P dihydrodiol epoxide adduct of 2'-deoxyadenosine which resulted in major product ions derived from the PAH moiety being detected. Specific detection of mixtures of PAH-adducted 2'-deoxynucleosides was achieved using online column-switching LC/MS/MS in conjunction with selected reaction monitoring (SRM) of the [M+H](+) to [M+H-116](+) transition plus product ions derived from the PAH moiety for improved sensitivity of detection and a comparison was made to detection by constant neutral loss scanning. In conclusion, different PAH DNA adducts were detected by employing SRM [M+H-116](+) transitions or constant neutral loss scanning. However, for improved sensitivity of detection optimised SRM transitions relating to the PAH moiety product ions are required for certain PAH DNA adducts for the development of targeted DNA adductomic methods.
Obesity is associated with glomerular hyperfiltration and increased urinary protein excretion, as well as structural and functional changes that lead to kidney disease and failure. Dietary protein mimics obesity's effects on the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and proteinuria and, in certain circumstances, may have the potential to adversely affect kidney function. Here we tested the hypothesis that dietary protein independently explains elevations in the GFR and proteinuria found in obese persons with a normal serum creatinine. Seventeen patients were randomized in a double-blind, crossover fashion for 1-week periods to high (140 g/day) and low (50 g/day) protein diets with a 1-week washout interval separating these periods. High protein consumption was associated with a very modest but significant increase in the GFR of 5  6 ml/min. Hence, while dietary protein does modulate kidney parameters, it is unlikely to fully account for the elevations in GFR and proteinuria found in obesity.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are a class of brominated flame retardants added to plastics, polyurethane foam, electronics, textiles, and other products. These products release PBDEs into the indoor and outdoor environment, thus causing human exposure through food and dust. This study models PBDE dose distributions from ingestion of food for Irish adults on congener basis by using two probabilistic and one semi-deterministic method. One of the probabilistic methods was newly developed and is based on summary statistics of food consumption combined with a model generating realistic daily energy supply from food. Median (intermediate) doses of total PBDEs are in the range of 0.4-0.6 ng/kg(bw)/day for Irish adults. The 97.5th percentiles of total PBDE doses lie in a range of 1.7-2.2 ng/kg(bw)/day, which is comparable to doses derived for Belgian and Dutch adults. BDE-47 and BDE-99 were identified as the congeners contributing most to estimated intakes, accounting for more than half of the total doses. The most influential food groups contributing to this intake are lean fish and salmon which together account for about 22-25% of the total doses.
Our objective was to assess the reliability and relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) among adult people. In a cross-sectional study carried out in northern Italy, 112 adults were recruited. A total of 189 food and drink items were selected according to those typically consumed by Italians. FFQ reliability was assessed by two repeated administrations at 6 weeks. The FFQ was validated using four 24-h recalls repeated in the same period of time. For the validation study, classification into quartiles from the two methods and Bland-Altman plot were also performed. The reliability study showed a good correlation between the two methods. Bland-Altman plots showed that the two methods are very likely to agree for individual energy and macronutrient intakes. The reliability and relative validity of this FFQ was good, supporting its use in assessing dietary intakes of Italians in nutritional surveillance programs and in epidemiological dietary surveys.
As factors affecting neonatal neurodevelopment, methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and maternal seafood intake reflecting n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are believed to have adverse or beneficial effects, but there are a few reports addressing such factors simultaneously. We carried out a birth cohort study to clarify the effects of these three factors on the Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale (NBAS), administered 3 days after birth. In a total of 498 mother-neonate pairs, the total mercury level (median, 1.96microg/g) in maternal hair at parturition and the summation operatorPCB level (45.5ng/g-lipid) in cord blood were analyzed, and maternal seafood intake was estimated using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. A negative relationship between the hair mercury level and the motor cluster of NBAS was observed, even after adjusting for PCBs, maternal seafood intake, and possible confounders such as maternal age, birth weight, and parity. The summation operatorPCB level was negatively correlated with the motor cluster, but this association was attenuated after adjusting for mercury and the confounders. There was seen to be a positive association between maternal seafood intake and the motor cluster when considering the effects of mercury and PCBs. In conclusion, our data suggest that prenatal exposure to methylmercury adversely affects neonatal neurobehavioral function; in contrast, maternal seafood intake appears to be beneficial. The neurobehavioral effect of prenatal exposure to PCBs remains unclear in our study. Further research is necessary to elucidate interactive effects of methylmercury, PCBs, and n-3 PUFAs, originating from fish, on child neurodevelopment.
Phthalates are known reproductive and developmental toxicants in experimental animals. However, in humans, there are few data on the exposure of pregnant women that can be used to assess the potential developmental exposure experienced by the fetus. We measured several phthalate metabolites in maternal urine, maternal serum, and cord serum samples collected at the time of delivery from 150 pregnant women from central New Jersey. The urinary concentrations of most metabolites were comparable to or less than among the U.S. general population, except for mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), three metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP). The median urinary concentrations of MEHHP (109 mug/l) and MEOHP (95.1 mug/l) were more than 5 times their population-based concentrations, whereas the median urinary concentration of MEHP was more than 20 times higher. High concentration of MEHP may indicate a recent exposure to the parent chemical DEHP in the hospital shortly before the collection of the samples. Calculation of daily intakes using the urinary biomarker data reveals that none of the pregnant women tested had integrated exposures to DEHP greater than the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry's minimal risk levels (MRLs chronic 60, intermediate 100 mug/kg/day). No abnormal birth outcomes (e .g., birth weight, Apgar Score, and gestational age) were noted in those newborns whose mothers had relatively greater exposure to DEHP during the perinatal period than others in this study. Significantly greater concentrations and detection frequencies in maternal urine than in maternal serum and cord serum suggest that the urinary concentrations of the phthalate metabolites may be more reliable biomarkers of exposure than their concentrations in other biological specimens.
BACKGROUND: Inflammation and immune response have potential prognostic implications for breast cancer survivors. We examined how postdiagnosis diet quality is cross-sectionally related to biomarkers of inflammation and adipose-derived hormones among breast cancer survivors and determined whether physical activity or body size modified any observed associations. METHODS: Participants included 746 women diagnosed with stage 0 to IIIA breast cancer. Thirty months after diagnosis, the women completed food frequency questionnaires. We scored diet quality with the Healthy Eating Index (HEI)-2005. Serum concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), serum amyloid A, leptin, and adiponectin were measured in fasting 30 mL blood samples. Log biomarker values were regressed on quartiles of HEI-2005 scores in multivariate models, and beta scores were exponentiated and expressed as geometric means within quartiles of HEI-2005 scores. RESULTS: Women with better versus poor quality postdiagnosis diets, as defined by higher HEI-2005 scores (Q4 versus Q1), had lower concentrations of CRP (1.6 mg/L versus 2.5 mg/L), but no significant difference in concentrations of serum amyloid A, leptin, or adiponectin. Among women not engaging in recreational physical activity after diagnosis, better diet quality was associated with lower CRP concentrations (2.5 mg/L versus 5.0 mg/L), but no association was observed among women engaging in any recreational physical activity (1.4 mg/L versus 1.6 mg/L; P heterogeneity = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Among breast cancer survivors, a better-quality diet seems to be associated with lower levels of chronic inflammation. IMPACT: Lower levels of chronic inflammation have been associated with improved survival after breast cancer. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Recently, urinary fructose and sucrose excretion in 24-h urine have been established experimentally as new biomarkers for dietary sugar intake in adults. Our objective was to investigate 1) whether the fructose biomarker is also applicable in free-living children and 2) for what kind of sugar it is standing for. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Intakes of added and total sugar (including additional sugar from fruit and fruit juices) were assessed by 3-day weighed dietary records in 114 healthy prepubertal children; corresponding 24-h urinary fructose excretion was measured photometrically. The associations between dietary sugar intakes and urinary fructose excretion were examined using linear regression models. To determine whether one of the two sugar variables may be better associated with the urinary biomarker, the statistical Pitman's test was used. RESULTS: Added and total sugar correlated significantly with urinary fructose, but the linear regression indicated a weak association between intake of added sugar and urinary log-fructose excretion (=0.0026, R(2)=0.055, P=0.01). The association between total sugar intake and log-urinary fructose (=0.0040, R(2)=0.181, P<0.001) showed a significantly better fit (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Urinary fructose excretion seems to be rather applicable for the estimation of total sugar intake than for the estimation of added dietary sugar intake in children. However, as excreted fructose stems almost exclusively from the diet (both from food-intrinsic and added intakes), it can be assumed that urinary fructose represents a potential biomarker for total dietary fructose intake, irrespective of its source. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: It has been reported that alcohol stimulates appetite. We aimed to establish the association between leptin, as a major food intake regulating factor, and alcohol intake in patients with chronic manifest coronary artery or cerebrovascular disease. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 820 subjects after acute coronary syndrome, coronary revascularization or after first ischemic stroke (the Czech part of EUROASPIRE III surveys). Leptin concentrations were evaluated among predefined categories of reported weekly alcohol intake: abstainers, light drinkers (up to 2 drinks weekly, 1-44g of pure alcohol), mild regular drinkers (3-14 drinks weekly, 45-308g) and moderate or heavy drinkers (more than 15 drinks,  309g of alcohol). RESULTS: Leptin showed a clear negative trend among the alcohol intake categories. Mild regular drinkers showed significantly lower leptin levels (9.3(8.2) ng/ml) compared with abstainers (18.7(18.7) ng/ml, P<0.0001) and light occasional drinkers (14.2(17.8) ng/ml, P=0.00064). The negative association between leptin and alcohol intake as a dependent variable remained significant even after adjustment for potential confounders in multiple linear regression analysis (P=0.00032). CONCLUSIONS: Drinking of small amounts of alcohol was, in our setting, associated with decreased serum leptin concentration, with a possible benefit in terms of cardiovascular risk. 
OBJECTIVE: Overactive bladder (OAB) is a highly prevalent condition with a negative impact on both health-related quality of life and sexual functioning. We aimed to create and validate conceptually equivalent tools to assess OAB for use in diverse cultural and linguistic settings. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: To evaluate the linguistic validity of harmonised translations of the Nocturia Quality of Life (N-QOL) questionnaire, Overactive Bladder Questionnaire (OAB-q) family, Patient Perception of Bladder Condition (PPBC) questionnaire, Overactive Bladder Satisfaction Questionnaire (OAB-S) and International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire (ICIQ) Male Sexual Matters associated with Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms Questionnaire (ICIQ-MLUTSsex), bilingual (target language and English) interviewers cognitively debriefed subjects to assess their ability to paraphrase and understand the instructions, questions and responses within each questionnaire. RESULTS: Overall item comprehension rates were 96% for the N-QOL, 98.9% for the OAB-q, 92% for the PPBC, 98.5% for the OAB-S and 94.3% for the ICIQ-MLUTSsex. DISCUSSION: We found that the translations were well-understood by subjects, although a number of minor changes were made to the N-QOL, OAB-q, OAB-S and ICIQ-MLUTSsex translations in an effort to improve clarity and cultural appropriateness. In a few instances, the majority of subjects in a language were unable to paraphrase a specific term or phrase prior to the revisions. In several cases, problems arose from the wording of the question in the source language. CONCLUSIONS: The translated instruments in this study demonstrated a high level of overall linguistic validity. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess, by biological monitoring, workers' exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in the flexible-PVC industry in France to provide additional occupational exposure data, which are particularly scarce. METHOD: Over 5 days of pre-and post-shift sampling, three urinary metabolites of DEHP, mono (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono (5-carboxy-2-ethylpentyl) phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and 2-ethylhexanoic acid (2-EHA) were quantified in 62 workers and 29 controls from six factories. Analyses were performed by high-performance liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) after on-line extraction. RESULTS: Median concentrations of the pre- and post-shift urinary samples in the exposed workers were 12.6 and 28.7 g/l for MEHP, 38.6 and 84.4 g/l for 5cx-MEPP and 20.4 and 70.6 g/l for 2-EHA, respectively. In the controls, the corresponding values were 4.8 and 4.7 g/l for MEHP, 15.1 and 12.4 g/l for 5cx-MEPP and 21.8 and 20.5 g/l for 2-EHA, respectively. There was a significant increase (Mann-Whitney U-test, P < 0.05) of post-shift excretion in the exposed workers versus the unexposed controls and in the post-shift versus pre-shift concentrations only in the exposed workers. Values of 250 and 500 g/l (100 and 280 /g creatinine) for MEHP and 5cx-MEPP, respectively, are proposed as guidance values. CONCLUSION: There is clear evidence of occupational exposure of workers in these factories. The guideline values proposed should prevent high exposures in the soft PVC industry, particularly in factories where DEHP compounds or plastisols are employed. An epidemiological survey is needed to complete the DEHP risk assessment. 
The imbalance of oxidant/antioxidant plays an important role in the development of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). There is increasing evidence that individuals with high antioxidative nutrient levels in the diet or in blood tend to maintain better lung function. This study was conducted to determine whether COPD patients in Taiwan have lower plasma concentrations of antioxidative nutrients than do healthy people, and whether the dietary habits of COPD patients in Taiwan affect their intake of vitamin C and carotenoids. Thirty-four COPD patients and 43 healthy persons (with normal lung function) aged 50 years or older were recruited. Fasting venous blood was collected to measure concentrations of vitamins A, C, and E and carotenoids. Endogenous and H2O2-induced additional DNA damage (markers of oxidative stress) in white blood cells were assayed. Dietary intakes of vitamin C and carotenoids were assessed by a food-frequency questionnaire. Compare to the healthy controls, COPD patients had significantly lower plasma concentrations of vitamins A, C, and E; alpha- and beta-carotene; and total carotenoids but significantly higher endogenous and H2O2-induced white blood cell DNA damage. Intakes of vitamin C and several carotenoids were lower in the COPD group, and COPD patients consumed significantly fewer vegetables and fruits than did the healthy controls. In conclusion, COPD patients in Taiwan have lower levels of antioxidative nutrients in their plasma and diet than do healthy people. Intakes of vitamin C and carotenoids are correlated with dietary habits.
It is widely recognised that the measurement of the arterial input function (AIF) is a key issue and a major source of errors in the pharmacokinetic modelling of dynamic, contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (DCE-MRI) data, and the modality of the AIF determination is still a matter of debate. In this study we addressed the problem of the intrinsic variability of the AIF within the imaged volume of a DCE-MRI scan by systematically investigating the change in the concentration of contrast agent over time and the fit parameters of the derived vascular input function (VIF) obtained from the superior sagittal sinus (SSS) of a patient population that was scanned longitudinally during treatment for high grade glioma. From a total of 82 scanning sessions, we compared the results obtained with three different DCE-MRI protocols and between two different fitting functions. We applied a correction algorithm to the measured concentration-time curves to minimize the effect of the low temporal resolution on the VIF, and investigated the effect of this algorithm on the reproducibility. Finally, where possible, we compared the signal obtained in the SSS to the signal obtained in the middle cerebral artery. We found a good intrapatient reproducibility of both the measured gadolinium concentrations and VIF parameters, and that the variation of the parameters due to slice location within a patient was significantly lower than the intra patient variation. Intrapatient, interscan differences were significantly less marked than inter-patient differences showing a good intraclass correlation coefficient. We did encounter a MRI protocol dependence of the VIF fitting parameters. The correction algorithm significantly improved the reproducibility of the fitting parameters. These results support the idea that the use of a patient specific measured AIF, not necessarily averaged over a large volume, offers a significant benefit with respect to an external AIF or a measured cohort average AIF.
BACKGROUND: Cardiac extra-cellular matrix (ECM) fibrosis plays an important role in the pathophysiology of heart failure (HF). It may provide electrical heterogeneity and a substrate for arrhythmogenicity, which may cause sudden cardiac death (SCD). METHODS: Twenty-one patients with manifestations of HF and a left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) 50% were enrolled. The median age was 62 years and median LVEF was 33%. Time- and frequency-domain analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) on 24 h ambulatory electrocardiography recording was assessed. Serum markers of ECM turnover including type I and III aminoterminal propeptide of procollagen (PINP and PIIINP), matrix metalloproteinase-2 and -9 (MMP-2 and MMP-9), and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) were analyzed. RESULTS: The serum PIIINP concentration was correlated significantly with standard deviation of all normal to normal R-R intervals (SDNN) (r=-0.722, p=<0.001), percentage of adjacent NN interval differences >50 ms (pNN50) (r=-0.528, p=0.014), percentage of adjacent NN interval differences >20 ms (pNN20) (r=-0.545, p=0.002), very low frequency (VLF) (r=-0.490, p=0.024), low frequency (LF) (r=-0.491, p=0.024), and high frequency (HF) (r=-0.513, p=0.018). PINP, MMP-2, -9, TIMP-1 were not correlated with time- and frequency-domain analysis of HRV. CONCLUSIONS: PIIINP was significantly correlated with time- and frequency-domain analysis of HRV in HF patients. PIIINP is a potential serological marker to evaluate cardiac autonomic control and risk of SCD in HF patients. 
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) always involves complex mixtures that may induce synergistic or antagonistic effects on the genotoxic properties and make risk assessment more difficult. In this study, we evaluated how particulate PAHs modulated the formation of DNA damage induced by carcinogenic benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P). Single strand breaks and alkali labile sites, as well as BPDE-N-dGuo DNA adducts were measured in the competent HepG2 cells by Comet assay and HPLC-tandem mass spectrometry, respectively. B[a]P, alone or in binary mixture with other PAHs (1 M each), led to low amounts of strand breaks. In contrast, formation of BPDE-N-dGuo adducts was significant and found to be enhanced in HepG2 co-treated for 14 h by B[a]P in the presence of either benzo[b]fluoranthene (B[b]F), dibenz[a,h]anthracene (DB[a,h]A) or indeno[1,2,3-cd]pyrene (IP). Opposite results were obtained with benzo[k]fluoranthene (B[k]F). The same observations were made when cells were pre-incubated with PAH before incubation with B[a]P. These results show that the interactions between PAHs are not direct competition reactions. Emphasis was then placed on the modulation of B[a]P-induced DNA damage by B[b]F and B[k]F. No difference in the time-course formation of DNA damage was observed. However, dose-response relationship differed between these two PAHs with a concentration-dependent inhibition of BPDE-N-dGuo DNA by B[k]F whereas a constant level of potentiation for B[b]F was observed for concentrations higher than 1 M. Altogether, these results show that the genotoxicity of B[a]P in binary mixtures with other carcinogenic PAH may be modulated. In such cases, a potentiation of BPDE-N-dGuo adduct formation is most often observed with exception of B[k]F. Several biological mechanisms may account for these observations, including binding of PAHs to the Ah receptor (AhR), their affinity toward CYP450 and competition for metabolism. These different interactions have to be considered when addressing the intricate issue of the toxicity of mixtures.
Persistent organic pollutants remain a serious threat to many food-chain systems. New pollutants continue to emerge. The present study has created novel extraction vessels which are compatible with readily available commercial instrumentation to validate the analysis of one class of persistent organic pollutants, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), in avian blood. The volumes used can be reasonably sampled without sacrificing individuals, or comprising breeding or migratorial success. The procedure consists of the pressurized solvent extraction (PSE) of analytes in a novel PSE extraction vessel. The new extraction cell contains a 38-cm long, coiled, re-packable, in situ clean-up column. Lipid elimination, using Florisil, occurs within the coiled region of the extraction vessel, eliminating the requirement for post extraction clean-up. For development, 0.2 g samples of chicken whole blood have been used. Extract volumes are reduced from (30 to 10) cm(3), compared to unmodified systems. The new PSE vessel with its integrated clean-up method showed satisfactory performance for the analysis of ten environmentally relevant PCB congeners in chicken whole blood samples with recoveries in the range of (70-130)%. Detection limits using gas chromatography coupled with large volume injection ion-trap mass spectrometry (GC-LVI-ITMS-MS) were in the range of (0.05-0.5) ng g(-1). The relative standard deviations for all congeners investigated were better than 5%. This is the first PSE validation to have been conducted on unaltered whole blood samples.
Metabolic syndrome (MetS) consists of a constellation of metabolic abnormalities that confer increased risk of cardiovascular disease. There is a positive correlation between exposure to persistent organic pollutants and MetS. We examine the association between PCDD/Fs and MetS components in 1490 non-diabetic persons living near a highly dioxin-contaminated area. We used factor analysis, with a set of core variables considered central features of MetS and PCDD/Fs, to group similar risk factors. Serum PCDD/Fs were positively and significantly correlated with the number of MetS components. Four risk factors-lipidemia, blood pressure, body size, and glycemia-accounted for 72.6% of the variance in the 10 core factors, and PCDD/Fs were linked to MetS through shared correlations with high blood pressure. After adjusting for confounding factors, we found that diastolic blood pressure (=0.018; p=0.006), glucose (=0.013; p=0.046), and waist circumference (=0.721; p=0.042) significantly increased with increasing serum PCDD/F levels. We found significant trends for associations between metabolic syndrome and serum low-chlorinated PCDD/Fs. The highest quintiles of 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF, 1,2,3,6,7,8-HxCDF and 2,3,7,8-TCDD had the top three adjusted ORs (95% CI) of 3.5 (1.9-6.3), 2.9 (1.7-4.9) and 2.8 (1.6-4.9), respectively. We also found a slight monotonic relationship between serum PCDD/Fs and the prevalence of MetS, especially when the serum dioxin level was higher than 25.4pg WHO(98)-TEQ(DF)g(-1) lipid (the fourth Quintile). We hypothesize that high-dose exposure to PCDD/Fs is a blood pressure-related factor that raises MetS risk.
INTRODUCTION: There is great interest in the nutritional strategies for the prevention of age-related cognitive decline, yet the best methods for nutritional assessment in the populations at risk for dementia are still evolving. Our study objective was to examine the reliability and validity of the 2 common nutritional assessments (plasma nutrient biomarkers and Food Frequency Questionnaire) in the people at risk for dementia. METHODS: Thirty-eight elders, half with amnestic-mild cognitive impairment were recruited. Nutritional assessments were collected together at the baseline and again at 1 month. Intraclass and Pearson correlation coefficients quantified reliability and validity. RESULTS: Twenty-six nutrients were examined. The reliability was very good or better for 77% (20/26, intraclass correlation coefficients or ICC 0.75) of the plasma nutrient biomarkers and for 88% of the food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) estimates. Twelve of the nutrient biomarkers were as reliable as the commonly measured plasma cholesterol (ICC0.92). FFQ and plasma long-chain fatty acids (docosahexaenoic acid, r=0.39, eicosapentaenoic acid, r=0.39) and carotenoids (-carotene, r=0.49; lutein + zeaxanthin, r=0.48; -carotene, r=0.43; -cryptoxanthin, r=0.41) were correlated, but these significant correlations were present only in non-impaired elders. CONCLUSION: The reliability and validity of the FFQ and nutrient biomarkers vary according to the nutrient of interest. Memory deficit attenuates validity and inflates reliability of FFQ reports. Many plasma nutrient biomarkers have very good reliability over 1-month, regardless of memory state. This objective method can circumvent sources of error seen in other less direct and subjective methods of nutritional assessment. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Epidemiologic studies have suggested beneficial effects of flavonoids on cardiovascular disease. Cocoa and particularly dark chocolate are rich in flavonoids and recent studies have demonstrated blood pressure lowering effects of dark chocolate. However, limited data are available on the association of chocolate consumption and the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). We sought to examine the association between chocolate consumption and prevalent CHD. METHODS: We studied in a cross-sectional design 4970 participants aged 25-93 years who participated in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) Family Heart Study. Chocolate intake was assessed through a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. We used generalized estimating equations to estimate adjusted odds ratios. RESULTS: Compared to subjects who did not report any chocolate intake, odds ratios (95% CI) for CHD were 1.01 (0.76-1.37), 0.74 (0.56-0.98), and 0.43 (0.28-0.67) for subjects consuming 1-3 times/month, 1-4 times/week, and 5+ times/week, respectively (p for trend <0.0001) adjusting for age, sex, family CHD risk group, energy intake, education, non-chocolate candy intake, linolenic acid intake, smoking, alcohol intake, exercise, and fruit and vegetables. Consumption of non-chocolate candy was associated with a 49% higher prevalence of CHD comparing 5+/week vs. 0/week [OR=1.49 (0.96-2.32)]. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that consumption of chocolate is inversely related with prevalent CHD in a general United States population. 
Soils and sediments downstream of Midland, Michigan, USA have elevated polychlorinated dibenzofuran (PCDF) and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) concentrations. To determine if the PCDD/DF concentrations have the potential to adversely affect terrestrial avian predators, a site-specific, multiple lines of evidence risk assessment was conducted for the great horned owl (Bubo virginianus; GHO). As long-lived resident top predators, the GHO has the potential to be exposed to relatively great concentrations of bioaccumulative compounds such as PCDD/DF. From 2005 to 2008, concentrations of PCDD/DF were measured in blood plasma of adult and nestling GHOs and addled eggs. Indicators of the condition of the population, including abundance and reproductive success, were collected along 115 km of river corridor. Fifty-five active 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (2,3,7,8-TCDD) equivalents (TEQ(WHO-Avian)) nests were monitored in 21 breeding territories from 2005 to 2008. The geometric mean concentration in blood plasma of GHOs was greater in the study area (SA) than in the reference area (RA) for both adults (RA: 3.1; SA: 9.4 ng TEQ(WHO-Avian)/kg) and nestlings (RA: 0.82 ng TEQ(WHO-Avian)/kg, SA: 2.1 ng TEQ(WHO-Avian)/kg) GHOs, but less than concentrations expected to cause adverse effects based on laboratory studies. Concentrations of TEQ(WHO-Avian) in addled GHO eggs were also greater in the SA than the RA (50 and 7.3 ng/kg, wet weight, respectively), but were less than concentrations expected to cause adverse effects. The GHO population condition and productivity were both greater in the study area than in the reference area and were similar to other GHO populations. This result suggests the GHO population in the Tittabawassee River floodplain is consistent with what would be expected for this area.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Although previous studies suggest that the traditional Japanese dietary pattern is independently associated with a low cardiovascular disease mortality risk, the mechanisms mediating or linking this association are not well understood. Adiponectin has emerged as a valuable biomarker for cardiovascular diseases. The aim of present study was to evaluate whether dietary patterns are associated with serum adiponectin concentration in Japanese adult men. METHODS AND RESULTS: We designed a cross-sectional study of 702 men (median [interquartile range] age, 44.5 [37.8-54.2] years) living in Japan. Dietary consumption was assessed via a 75-item food frequency questionnaire. We used principal-components analysis to derive 3 major dietary patterns-"Japanese", "sweets-fruits" and, "Izakaya (Japanese Pub)"- from 39 food groups. Serum adiponectin concentration was measured by using a specific sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. After adjustment for potential confounders, the geometric mean (95% confidence interval) for log-transformed adiponectin concentration associated with "Japanese" dietary pattern factor score tertiles were 5.24 (4.84-5.69) for the lowest tertile, 5.82 (5.39-6.29) for the middle tertile, and 5.95 (5.47-6.46) for the highest tertile (P for trend <0.01). In contrast, a significant inverse association was found between the "Izakaya" pattern factor score tertiles and adiponectin concentration (P for trend=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Greater adherence to the "Japanese" dietary pattern was independently associated to a higher serum adiponectin concentration in Japanese adult men. This finding supports the hypothesis that the traditional Japanese diet may have a potentially beneficial effect on adiponectin concentrations. A long-term prospective study or randomized trials are required to clarify this causality. 
AIMS: Increased glucose excursions and postprandial hyperglycaemia have been suggested as unique risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus. Much of the evidence is based on a single 2 h glucose value after oral glucose tolerance testing in epidemiological studies. We examined the association between various indices of glycaemia measured during everyday activities and metabolic CVD risk factors in the A1C-Derived Average Glucose (ADAG) study. METHODS: Participants (268 with type 1 diabetes, 159 with type 2 diabetes) completed 16 weeks of intensive continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) and self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG). From these data, common indices of postprandial glycaemia, overall hyperglycaemia, glucose variability and HbA(c) were derived. The associations between glycaemic indices and known CVD risk factors (lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and blood pressure) were explored in linear regression models. RESULTS: For both diabetes types, the overall strongest associations with CVD risk factors were seen for the measures of average glycaemia (mean blood glucose and HbA(c)). Associations between self-monitored postprandial and fasting glucose and CVD risk factors were weaker, but significant. Measurements of blood glucose variability showed non-significant associations. Overall, calculations based on CGM were not more informative than those based on frequent SMBG. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Mean glycaemia and HbA(c) show consistent and stronger associations with CVD risk factors than fasting glucose or postprandial glucose levels or measures of glucose variability in patients with diabetes. 
The 2004 food market-basket survey in Taiwan found high levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in duck eggs. A subsequent survey in Chang-Hua County, central Taiwan, found nine duck farms for egg production and duck eggs that were highly contaminated by PCDD/Fs in the secondary sampling and analysis during the years 2004 to 2005. Duck-egg farmers eat duck eggs rather than chicken eggs, and the aim of the current study was to evaluate how eating contaminated duck eggs affected serum PCDD/F accumulation and PCDD/F profiles in family members of duck-egg farmers. Forty-two family members of duck-egg farmers and 88 residents living nearby (control group) were recruited. Serum PCDD/F levels were significantly higher in duck-egg farmers than in the control group (28.1 vs 18.6 pg World Health Organization toxic equivalency [TEQ]/g lipid, WHO-TEQ). Significant differences in PCDD/F levels were found for most congeners, especially for 2,3,4,7,8-penta-chlorinated dibenzofurans. Elevated serum PCDD/F levels were positively associated with an increase in monthly duck-egg consumption after adjustments for fish consumption. The current result contradicted results of our previous study, which showed a positive association between fish intake and serum PCDD/F levels. The matter of cultivation in the contaminant area in Chang-Hua County should be considered more seriously.
Urinary stress incontinence is common, but there is a wide range of prevalence which might account for variations in definition of incontinence and variations in study methodology. Our study assessed the validity and reliability of the British Society of Urogynaecology's (BSUG) database subjective outcome scores after the tension-free vaginal tape (TVT), by correlating these with the changes in the Medical Epidemiologic and Social Aspects of Ageing (MESA) questionnaire score. A total of 100 women with urodynamic stress incontinence underwent TVT, completed a MESA questionnaire preoperatively and at 6 months postoperatively. We also collected information about three outcome measures of the BSUG database, patients' global impression of outcome and stress and urge symptom analyses. Our study showed that the postoperative patients' global impression of outcome improved significantly in 85% of cases and had 73.89% reduction in mean MESA scores (p < 0.001). The outcome measures of the BSUG database relates well to symptom improvement, based on MESA scores and these subjective assessments currently used by the BSUG's database are a valid assessment of TVT outcome.
BACKGROUND: Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations can be affected by several environmental and individual factors. It is not clear to what extent genetic influences play a role in determining vitamin D status. Thus far, studies on the heritability of vitamin D have provided conflicting results. OBJECTIVE: We estimated the heritability of vitamin D concentrations and the effect of season on heritability estimates. DESIGN: We measured serum 25(OH)D concentrations in 510 middle-aged, male twins (310 monozygotic and 200 dizygotic twins) selected from the Vietnam Era Twin Registry. Generalized estimating equations were used to test the association between 25(OH)D and other study factors. Structural equation modeling was used to estimate the heritability of 25(OH)D. RESULTS: The twins' mean (SD) age was 55  2.8 y. The mean (SD) 25(OH)D concentration was 38.4  23.3 ng/mL with a substantial seasonal variation (a 6.1-ng/mL lower value during the winter than during the summer, P = 0.003). Approximately 70% of the variation in 25(OH)D concentrations during the winter was explained by genetic factors. However, in the summer, 25(OH)D concentrations were not heritable. During the summer, 53% of the variation in 25(OH)D concentrations was due to shared environmental factors, and 47% of the variation in 25(OH)D concentrations was due to unique environmental factors. CONCLUSIONS: Serum 25(OH)D concentrations are highly heritable during the winter season only. In the summer, environmental conditions (eg, sun exposure) prevail over genetic backgrounds in determining serum 25(OH)D concentrations. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00017836. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To assess the influence of body composition changes on circulating serum visfatin after following 12 weeks of energy restricted diet intervention. We also examined the possible role of visfatin in glucose metabolism and in obesity-associated low-grade inflammation. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 78 obese (BMI 34.0  2.8 kg/m) women aged 36.77 y volunteered to participate in the study. We measured by DXA body fat mass (FM) and lean mass (LM). Fasting serum visfatin, glucose, insulin, adiponectin, leptin, IL-1, IL-6, IL-8, TNF- and CRP concentrations were analyzed before and after the intervention and HOMA and QUIKI indexes were calculated. Mean weight loss 7.7  3.0 kg and HOMA decreased in 24  35%. Serum visfatin concentration change was negatively associated with LM difference (P < 0.05), whereas no significant relationship was observed with FM changes after energy restricted diet intervention. Changes in circulating serum visfatin levels were significantly and inversely associated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.01) and positively with QUICKI index (P < 0.02) after energy restricted diet intervention, regardless of achieved body weight loss. We did not find any significant association between changes in visfatin levels and IL-1, IL-6, IL-8, TNF- and CRP levels after dietary intervention (all P > 0.2). CONCLUSION: Circulating visfatin concentration is associated with sensitivity improvement achieved after energy restricted diet intervention induced weight loss. Furthermore, LM changes could be an influencing factor on visfatin concentrations and consequently, on the improvement of insulin sensitivity after weight loss in obese non-diabetic women. Our findings did not provide any evidence for a role of visfatin increase on low-grade inflammation after weight loss. 
Di-n-pentyl phthalate (DPP) is used mainly as a plasticizer in nitrocellulose. At high doses, DPP acts as a potent testicular toxicant in rats. We administered a single oral dose of 500 mg kg(-1)bw of DPP to adult female Sprague-Dawley rats (N=9) and collected 24-h urine samples 1d before and 24- and 48-h after DPP was administered to tentatively identify DPP metabolites that could be used as exposure biomarkers. At necropsy, 48 h after dosing, we also collected serum. The metabolites were extracted from urine or serum, resolved with high performance liquid chromatography, and detected by mass spectrometry. Two DPP metabolites, phthalic acid (PA) and mono(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MCPP), were identified by using authentic standards, whereas mono-n-pentyl phthalate (MPP), mono(4-oxopentyl) phthalate (MOPP), mono(4-hydroxypentyl) phthalate (MHPP), mono(4-carboxybutyl) phthalate (MCBP), mono(2-carboxyethyl) phthalate (MCEP), and mono-n-pentenyl phthalate (MPeP) were identified based on their full scan mass spectrometric fragmentation pattern. The -1 oxidation product, MHPP, was the predominant urinary metabolite of DPP. The median urinary concentrations (g mL(-1)) of the metabolites in the first 24h urine collection after DPP administration were 993 (MHPP), 168 (MCBP), 0.2 (MCEP), 222 (MPP), 47 (MOPP), 26 (PA), 16 (MPeP), and 9 (MCPP); the concentrations of metabolites in the second 24 h urine collection after DPP administration were significantly lower than in the first collection. We identified some urinary metabolic products in the serum, but at much lower levels than in urine. Because of the similarities in metabolism of phthalates between rats and humans, based on our results and the fact that MHPP can only be formed from the metabolism of DPP, MHPP would be the most adequate DPP exposure biomarker for human exposure assessment. Nonetheless, based on the urinary levels of MHPP, our preliminary data suggest that human exposure to DPP in the United States is rather limited.
Although urinary 1,6-hexamethylene diamine (HDA) is a useful biomarker of exposure to 1,6-hexamethylene diisocyanate (HDI), a large degree of unexplained intra- and inter-individual variability exists between estimated HDI exposure and urine HDA levels. We investigated the effect of individual and workplace factors on urine HDA levels using quantitative dermal and inhalation exposure data derived from a survey of automotive spray painters exposed to HDI. Painters' dermal and breathing-zone HDI-exposures were monitored over an entire workday for up to three separate workdays, spaced approximately one month apart. One urine sample was collected before the start of work with HDI-containing paints, and multiple samples were collected throughout the workday. Using mixed effects multiple linear regression modeling, coverall use resulted in significantly lower HDA levels (p = 0.12), and weekday contributed to significant variability in HDA levels (p = 0.056). We also investigated differences in urine HDA levels stratified by dichotomous and classification covariates using analysis of variance. Use of coveralls (p = 0.05), respirator type worn (p = 0.06), smoker status (p = 0.12), paint-booth type (p = 0.02), and more than one painter at the shop (p = 0.10) were all found to significantly affect urine HDA levels adjusted for creatinine concentration. Coverall use remained significant (p = 0.10), even after adjusting for respirator type. These results indicate that the variation in urine HDA level is mainly due to workplace factors and that appropriate dermal and inhalation protection is required to prevent HDI exposure.
To compare the effects of both dietary fatty acid composition and exercise vs. sedentary conditions on circulating levels of hunger and satiety hormones. Eight healthy males were randomized in a 2  2 crossover design. The four treatments were 3 days of HF diets (50% of energy) containing high saturated fat (22% of energy) with exercise (SE) or sedentary (SS) conditions, and high monounsaturated fat (30% of energy) with exercise (UE) or sedentary (US) conditions. Cycling exercise was completed at 45% of VO(2)max for 2h daily. On the third HF day, 20 blood samples were drawn over a 24h period for each hormone (leptin, insulin, ghrelin, and peptide YY (PYY)). A visual analog scale (VAS) was completed hourly between 0800 and 2200. Average 24h leptin and insulin levels were lower while 24h PYY was higher during exercise vs. sedentary conditions. FA composition did not differentially affect 24h hormone values. VAS scores for hunger and fullness did not differ between any treatment but did correlate with ghrelin, leptin, and insulin. High saturated or unsaturated fat diets did not differ with respect to markers of hunger or satiety. Exercise decreased 24h leptin and insulin while increasing PYY regardless of FA composition.
Isothiocyanates (ITCs) found in cruciferous vegetables have been associated with a reduced cancer risk in humans. We determined serum albumin adducts of allyl isothiocyanate (AITC), benzylisothiocyanate (BITC), phenylethylisothiocyanate (PEITC) and sulforaphane (SFN) in 85 healthy men from a dietary, randomized, controlled trial. After enzymatic digestion of albumin we determined the adducts of the ITCs with lysine (Lys) using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. At the beginning of the study (and after 4 weeks) 4.7% (2.4%), 48.2% (35.3%), 5.9% (10.6%), and 24.7% (23.5%) of the samples were found positive for AITC-Lys, BITC-Lys, PEITC-Lys and SFN-Lys, respectively. This method enables the quantification of ITC adducts in albumin from large, prospective studies on diet and cancer.
 Late graft rejection impairs the long-term function of organ transplants in children. Previous studies suggest patients with wide variation in tacrolimus levels may have higher rates of late kidney and liver graft rejection. The reproducibility of this finding and impact on graft and recipient survival have not been reported. We investigated factors associated with late rejection > 6 months post-transplant in 144 heart, kidney, liver, and lung transplant recipients (ages 8-18,  1-yr survivors, receiving tacrolimus-based immunosuppression), comparing late rejectors (n = 61, 42%) to non-rejectors (no rejection > 6 months); groups had similar mean tacrolimus concentrations  6 months post-transplant. For all organ types, increased standard deviation in intrapatient tacrolimus blood levels was an independent risk factor for late rejection (OR 1.6 [CI 1.1-2.1]; p = 0.02). Each 1-point increase in s.d. > 2 of tacrolimus level > 6 months post-transplant associated with 1.58 increase in hazard of graft loss (p = 0.003). Graft survival (conditional on one-yr survival) was significantly better for those with s.d. < 2 at > 6 months post-transplant: 98% at three and five yr, versus 88%, 70%, at three and five yr, in patients with s.d. > 2 (p = 0.003). In conclusion, high s.d. in serial tacrolimus concentrations associated with increased risk of late rejection and graft loss in pediatric organ transplant recipients, providing opportunities for screening and interventions.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this work was to investigate the association between consumption of dairy products and levels of various inflammatory markers among adults with no evidence of cardiovascular or other chronic disease. METHODS: The ATTICA study is a cross-sectional survey that enrolled 1514 men (18-87 years old) and 1528 women (18-89 years old) from the Attica region in Greece. Fasting blood samples were collected and dietary habits (including consumption of dairy products [i.e., milk, cheese, and yogurt]) were evaluated using a validated food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: We observed that C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-) levels of individuals consuming between 11 and 14 servings of dairy products per week were almost 16%, 5%, and 12% lower, respectively, than in those consuming fewer than 8 servings (p < 0.05), while those consuming more than 14 servings per week had 29%, 9%, and 20% lower levels of CRP, IL-6, and TNF-, respectively (p < 0.01), even after adjustments were made for age, gender, smoking, physical activity, body mass, dietary habits, and other potential confounders. CONCLUSION: We identified an inverse association between dairy products consumption and levels of various inflammatory markers among healthy adults. Additional clinical trials are needed to refute or confirm our findings. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are products of the incomplete combustion of organic materials and, therefore, occur ubiquitously in the environment and also in tobacco smoke. Since some PAH have been classified as carcinogens, it is important to have access to suitable analytical methods for biomarkers of exposure to this class of compounds. Past experience has shown that measuring a profile of PAH metabolites is more informative than metabolites of a single PAH. Assessment of environmental and smoking-related exposure levels requires analytical methods with high sensitivity and specificity. In addition, these methods should be fast enough to allow high throughput. With these pre-conditions in mind, we developed and validated a high-performance liquid chromatographic method with tandem mass spectrometric detection (LC-MS/MS) for the determination of phenolic metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene and pyrene in urine of smokers and non-smokers. Sample work-up comprised enzymatic hydrolysis of urinary conjugates and solid-phase extraction on C18 cartridges. The method showed good specificity, sensitivity, and accuracy for the intended purpose and was also sufficiently rapid with a sample throughput of about 350 per week. Application to urine samples of 100 smokers and 50 non-smokers showed significant differences between both groups for all measured PAH metabolites, and strong correlations with markers of daily smoke exposure in smoker urine. Urinary levels were in good agreement with previously reported data using different methodologies. In conclusion, the developed LC-MS/MS method is suitable for the quantification of phenolic PAH metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, and pyrene in smoker and non-smoker urine.
Folate is a vital nutrient during pregnancy for the prevention of neural tube defects, intrauterine fetal growth restriction and preeclampsia. Circulating folate levels might be negatively affected by ()-epigallocatechin gallate, which is a tea catechin found in green tea and oolong tea. The aim of this study was to determine whether consumption of green tea or oolong tea was associated with circulating folate levels among pregnant women in Japan. Two hundred and fifty-four healthy women with a singleton pregnancy (age: 30.4  4.7, gestational age: 27.5  9.6 weeks) were recruited from a prenatal clinic in metropolitan Tokyo, Japan. The serum folate levels were measured. Nutrient intake was assessed using a self-administered diet history questionnaire. Information on lifestyle variables was obtained from the questionnaire. The high consumption of green tea or oolong tea was defined as consumption more than 57.3 mL per 1,000 kcal, which is the 75th percentile of participants. The serum folate levels of the participants with high consumption of green tea or oolong tea was significantly lower than those of others (p = 0.027). A multiple regression analysis revealed the high consumption of green tea or oolong tea to be associated with a low serum folate level during pregnancy, after adjusting for confounding variables including dietary folate intake and use of folic acid supplements or multivitamins ( = -0.131, p = 0.016). The association between folate and the consumption of green tea or oolong tea may be useful to clarify the mechanism which links adverse perinatal outcomes and tea consumption.
The variation in hair coat and skin histology traits of Criollo Limonero cattle was analyzed using 213 Criollo Limonero females. Skin biopsies were obtained from slick-haired (N=16) and normal-haired (N=14) animals. Measured traits included hair length (HL), color coat (CC), number of hair follicles per square centimeter (NHF), sweat glands per square centimeter (NSG), sweat glands size (SGS), sebaceous glands per square centimeter (NSBG), blood vessels per square centimeter (NBV), and thickness of epidermis (TE). Hair length differed (P<0.001) between slick- and normal-haired animals (4.9  0.12 vs 10.9  0.20, respectively). Differences (P<0.01) in CC (Bayo= 144/67.6% vs Red = 69/32.4%) and HL (slick-haired = 199/93.4% vs normal-haired = 14/6.5%) were found. Distribution of slick- and normal-haired animals differed (P<0.01) between bayo-coated and red-coated (139/62.2% vs 9/4.2%; respectively). Most (P<0.05) red-coated animals belonged to a single family. No differences (P>0.05) were found between slick-haired and normal-haired animals in NHF (637  164 vs 587  144, respectively), NSG (556  134 vs 481  118, respectively), NSBG (408  87 vs 366  77, respectively), NBV (1628  393 vs 1541  346, respectively), and TE (1.24  0.14 vs 1.32  0.12, respectively). However, SGS was greater (P<0.01) in slick-haired than normal-haired animals. In conclusion, Criollo Limonero cattle are predominantly bayo-coated, slick-haired, with a reduced number of hair follicles relative to Zebu cattle, sweat and sebaceous glands in proportion to hair follicle numbers, and with a high blood flow irrigating the skin. There is a sub-group of red-coated animals with yellow or cream skin, thicker epidermis, and with a higher frequency of normal-haired animals. It appears that the slick hair gene has been favored by natural selection in this breed.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) causing thyroidal effects have been demonstrated in in vivo and in vitro studies. PBDEs with structural similarities to thyroid hormones have increased recently, but the health effects for thyroid hormones have not been well studied. The study aimed to determine PBDE levels in cord blood and further to explore associations between prenatal PBDE exposures and thyroid hormones in cord blood. Fifty-four cord blood samples were collected after delivery. Cord-blood levels of BDE-15, 28, 47, 99, 100, 153, 154, and 183 were analyzed using a high resolution gas chromatograph with a high resolution mass spectrometer. Thyroid hormones were determined by an automated chemiluminescence analyzer. The mean, median, and standard deviation of PBDEs were 4.72, 3.49, and 6.36 ng/g lipid, respectively. To adjust for confounding by maternal age, pre-pregnant BMI and gestational age, stepwise multiple linear regression was used after log(2) transformation of the exposure variables. A doubling of BDE-154 was associated with 0.043 ng/mL lower triiodothyronine (T3) values (adjusted r=-0.245, p=0.043). Likewise a doubling of BDE-153 was associated with 0.143 ng/mL lower free T3 (FT3) values and a doubling of BDE-183 with 0.084 ng/mL lower FT3 values (adjusted r=-0.487, p=0.023). In contrast, the T4 (thyroxine)/T3 ratio increased by 4.93 (adjusted r=0.277, p=0.017) when doubling BDE-100 exposure. No significant associations with BDE-47 or any other of the PBDEs was found. Our findings of an inverse relationship between BDE-153, BDE-154 or BDE-184 and thyroid hormones confirm the results of animal experiments but are in contrast to most epidemiological studies.
The aim was to determine half-life of six most abundant PCB congeners in the body of early adolescents. In 304 environmentally exposed children, PCB serum concentration was determined at the age of 8 and 12years. Half-life was determined for each child assuming exponential decrease or for the whole cohort using multiple regression. Results obtained by both approaches were in agreement. PCB reuptakes corrupting half-life estimates for each child and each congener were evaluated. If one of the serum PCB concentration values fell below the level of detection (LOD) the pair was excluded and if PCB half-life value exceeded the arbitrary value of 30years. The following median half-lives in years 4.46, 10.59, 9.7, 4.7, 9.1 and 9.8 were obtained for PCB congeners 118, 138(+163), 153, 156(+171), 170 and 180, respectively. The elimination half-life values were not systematically related to PCB serum concentration at any examination age. Between half-life values, percentage of children with significant reuptakes and PCB congener abundance in serum were found significant associations.
The effects of fish oil (FO) substitution by 66% vegetable oils in a diet with already 75% vegetable protein (66VO) on adipose tissue lipid metabolism of gilthead sea bream were analysed after a 14-month feeding trial. In the last 3 months of the experiment, a FO diet was administrated to a 66VO group (group 66VO/FO) as a finishing diet. Hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) activity was measured in adipose tissue and adipocyte size, and HSL, lipoprotein lipase and liver X receptor gene expression in isolated adipocytes, on which lipolysis and glucose uptake experiments were also performed. Lipolysis was measured after incubation with tumour necrosis factor- (TNF), linoleic acid, and two conjugated linoleic acid isomers. Glucose uptake was analysed after TNF or insulin administration. Our results show that FO replacement increased lipolytic activity and adipocyte cell size. The higher proportion of large cells observed in the 66VO group could be involved in their observed lower response to fatty acid treatments and lower insulin sensitivity. The 66VO/FO group showed a moderate return to the FO conditions. Therefore, FO replacement can affect the morphology and metabolism of gilthead sea bream adipocytes which could potentially affect other organs such as the liver.
Whole blood is one of the most easily accessible biofluids, and circulating leukocytes would include informative transcripts as a first line of immune defense for many disease processes. To demonstrate that transcriptomic responses of circulating blood cells reflect the exposure to environmental toxicants and the characteristic molecular signatures can discriminate and predict the type of toxicant at an early exposure time, we identified and validated characteristic gene expression profiles of rat whole blood after exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs). At an early exposure time point, conventional toxicological analysis including changes in the body and organ weight, histopathological examination, and blood biochemical analysis did not reflect any toxicant stresses. However, unsupervised gene expression analysis of blood cells resulted in a characteristic molecular signature for each toxicant. Further analysis of multiclassification suggested 220 genes as early detective and surrogate markers for predicting each PAH with 100% accuracy. These findings suggest that the blood expression signature could be used as a predictable and discernible surrogate marker for detection and prediction of PAHs, and the use of these molecular markers may be more widely implemented in combination with more traditional techniques for assessment and prediction of toxicity exposure to PAHs from an environmental aspect.
Proteomics is undergoing a rapid transformation from a qualitative global peptide sequencing discipline into a quantitative, reproducibility-driven practice. Nowhere is this more evident than in the rapidly expanding field of protein biomarker discovery where the general goal is to uncover statistically robust patterns of differential expression between or among subjects/samples representing distinct biological/temporal states. This report presents the analytical characterization of a label-free LC FT-ICR-MS workflow for differential proteomics analysis of human plasma. The key elements discussed include (i) methodologies for performing properly replicated experiments with highly reproducible sample preparation and analysis, including the use of internal standards to quantify variance at different steps in the process, (ii) a new methodology for performing sample re-analysis that uses off-line targeted robotic acquisition of complementary spectral data (e.g. ECD and/or IRMPD) to enhance the identification of differentially expressed peptides/proteins, and (iii) data processing pipelines capable of integrating the automatic statistical analysis of the label-free (LC-) MS signal, together with the intuitive and highly interactive curation and annotation of differential features using the output from standard sequence database search programs. We illustrate the application of the complete sample-to-annotated-differential-peptides (-proteins) workflow by describing the acquisition and analysis of a large multidimensional dataset from patients undergoing a controlled myocardial infarction resulting in an experimental setup in which each patients serve as their own control. Furthermore, we discuss a couple illustrative examples of mid-level proteins observed in this study whose plasma concentrations change consistently within and across patients, in a treatment- and time-dependent fashion.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous environmental pollutants and the main toxicants found in cigarettes. Women are often exposed to PAHs before pregnancy, typically via prepregnancy smoking. To determine how prepregnancy exposure affects the fetoplacental vasculature of the placenta, we exposed female mice to PAHs before conception, perfused the fetoplacental arterial trees with X-ray contrast agent, and imaged the vasculature ex vivo by microcomputed tomography (micro-CT) at embryonic day 15.5. Automated vascular segmentation and flow calculations revealed that in control trees, <40 chorionic plate vessels (diameter>180 m) gave rise to 1,300 intraplacental arteries (50-180 m), predicting an arterial vascular resistance of 0.370.04 mmHgsl(-1). PAH exposure increased vessel curvature of chorionic plate vessels and significantly increased the tortuousity ratio of the tree. Intraplacental arteries were reduced by 17%, primarily due to a 27% decrease in the number of arteriole-sized (50-100 m) vessels. There were no changes in the number of chorionic vessels, the depth or span of the tree, the diameter scaling coefficient, or the segment length-to-diameter ratio. PAH exposure resulted in a tree with a similar size and dichotomous branching structure, but one that was comparatively sparse so that arterial vascular resistance was increased by 30%. Assuming the same pressure gradient, blood flow would be 19% lower. Low flow may contribute to the 23% reduction observed in fetal weight. New insights into the specific effects of PAH exposure on a developing arterial tree were achieved using micro-CT imaging and automated vascular segmentation analysis.
AIMS: To evaluate the variability of 24-hour urinary iodine (UI) excretion intra- and interindividually on three days of a week in healthy subjects, living in southern Brazil, and the correlation among the urinary excretion of iodine and sodium. METHODS: Cross-sectional study, including 47 volunteers: 18 individuals with one, 15 individuals with two and 14 individuals with three 24-hour urine samples. Iodine, creatinine and Na(+) excretion in urine during 24-hour were measured. RESULTS: Mean height, weight, BMI and 24-hour urinary excretion of creatinine were higher in men. UI and urinary sodium were correlated (n = 89, r = 0.524, p = 0.000). UI excretion varied widely, both inter- and intraindividually, on the 3 days of the week, but the mean excretion of UI was similar. In single individuals, the ratio between the maximum and minimum 24-hour UI excretion (m/m) ranged from 1.03 to 2.87, and the median coefficient of variation (CV) was 21% (P = 7.0% and P = 36.8%), with a range of 1%-51%. 24-hour UI excretion varied greatly among individuals on Sunday (CV = 47.5% and m/m = 7.75), Monday (CV = 38.7% and m/m = 4.60) and Thursday (CV = 40.4% and m/m = 4.50). UI was adequate in the group of 14 people, however, the UI excretion of two women suggested iodine intake persistently below that recommended by WHO. CONCLUSION: The variability of 24-hour UI excretion on different days in the same individual is lower than that observed among individuals. 
BACKGROUND: the widely held assumptions that in type 1 diabetes glucose variability may correlate with insulin sensitivity and impaired epinephrine counterregulation have not been studied directly. Here we investigate possible relationships between outpatient measures of glucose variability and risk for hypoglycemia with physiological characteristics: insulin sensitivity and hypoglycemia counterregulation. METHODS: thirty-four subjects with type 1 diabetes (14 women, 20 men; 37  2.1 years old; glycosylated hemoglobin [HbA1c], 7.6  0.21%) performed self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) for a month, followed by an inpatient hyperinsulinemic euglycemic and hypoglycemic clamp. SMBG field data were used to calculate measures of glucose variability and risk of hypoglycemia, while the clamp procedure was used to evaluate insulin sensitivity and epinephrine response during induced hypoglycemia. Spearman partial correlations adjusted for age, duration of diabetes, body mass index, gender, and HbA1c were used to assess the relationship between the field indices of glucose variability and the physiological characteristics of diabetes. RESULTS: two glucose variability measures correlated positively (P<0.01) with insulin sensitivity: the Average Daily Risk Range (ADRR) (=0.5) and the Glycemic Lability Index (=0.48). The Low Blood Glucose Index, a measure of the risk for hypoglycemia, and the ADRR correlated negatively with maximum epinephrine response during hypoglycemia: =-0.46, P<0.01 and =-0.4, P=0.03, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: higher insulin sensitivity and lower epinephrine response during hypoglycemia are related to increased glucose variability (as quantified by the ADRR), irrespective of HbA1c and other patient characteristics. Lower epinephrine relates to risk for hypoglycemia as well. 
BACKGROUND: To date, breast cancer epidemiologic studies have relied on blood or tissue specimens sampled at the time of diagnosis or a few years prior to assess lifetime exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB). In this study, we evaluated whether such PCB measurements are indicative of early-life levels by reconstructing lifetime toxicokinetic profiles for women included in the CECILE case-control study, using a physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model. METHODS: We simulated lifetime toxicokinetic profiles of PCB-153 for 2,134 French women by incorporating information on body weight history, height, pregnancies, and breast-feeding in the PBPK model. Oral dose was calculated by considering measured blood PCB-153 and the temporal trend of environmental contamination. Area under the concentration versus time curve (AUC) for each decade of life and maximum blood concentration (C(max)) were compiled and compared with measured levels, using Pearson partial correlation analyses adjusting for age at diagnosis. RESULTS: When considering all individuals, simulated AUCs correlated with measured PCBs, with coefficients ranging from 0.735 to 0.981. The weakest correlations were obtained with AUCs for the first decades of life. Stratified analyses suggested that breast-feeding reduces the reliability of late-life blood levels in representing lifetime exposure. CONCLUSION: Results of this study suggest that PCB levels measured at the time of diagnosis do not fully represent early-life exposures. IMPACT: PBPK-derived estimates of early-life levels circumvent the limitations of current approaches in assessing PCB lifetime exposure and may be used to address hypothesized windows of breast vulnerability (e.g., puberty) in this population. 
The aim of this study was to validate the intake of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables estimated by the Food Frequency Questionnaire for Adolescents (FFQA) using the method of triads. Blood samples were collected from 80 elementary school adolescents to assess serum levels of -carotene. Partial correlation coefficients (r) were calculated between an estimated intake of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables and the serum levels of -carotene. Validity coefficients were calculated using the method of triads. With the exception of carotenoids, partial r from the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) were greater than those of the 24-hour recall (24hR). The fruit/vegetable group showed the highest partial r for the FFQ (r = 0.235) and the 24hR (r = 0.137). The highest validity coefficient was obtained for the vegetable group, as assessed by the FFQ (r = 0.873). On average, the validity coefficient values for the FFQ were greater than those obtained for the 24hR or the -carotene serum levels. The FFQA is an accurate tool for estimating the intake of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables in this population group.
PURPOSE: To determine the repeatability of stiffness measurements in the liver using MR elastography (MRE) during the fasted and fed states. MRE has gained increased recognition as a noninvasive method to quantify fibrotic changes in the liver. It is well known that eating increases splanchnic blood flow, and fasting status of patients has been recognized as a factor that may affect hepatic stiffness measured with MRE. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Hepatic MRE stiffness and flow through the superior mesenteric vein (SMV) were measured in 12 healthy subjects in fasted and fed states, and measurements were repeated 5 weeks later. A linear mixed effects model was used to estimate the sources of variability in the data, which included day (exams on different days) and subject. Sources were combined to calculate the overall standard deviation of a single MRE measurement. RESULTS: The total within-subject standard deviation of an MRE exam is 8.5% (standard error [SE] = 1.7%) or 9.0% (SE = 1.8%) for fasted and fed states, respectively. No significant differences between fasted/fed state stiffness and no correlation between hepatic stiffness and SMV flow were observed. CONCLUSION: As seen in this smaller population, healthy subjects scanned in a known fasted or fed state provide repeatable stiffness estimates with no relationship to SMV flow. 
A study was conducted to evaluate exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) among 144 men and women 55 to 74 years residing along the Hudson River. The results indicated a median serum PBDE concentration of 23.9 ng/g lipid wt. This value is similar to those of other New York State studies of populations that are younger and proportionately more likely to be male, suggesting that pathways do not differ by age or sex. Individual congeners were highly correlated, but they were not associated with concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Persons with a body mass index (BMI) > 30 had a geometric mean PBDE concentration of 46.7 versus 25.2 ng/g lipid wt for persons with a BMI  30 (p = .006). Fresh water fish consumption was not associated with serum PBDE concentrations in this population.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are ubiquitous components of polluted air. The Mexico City Metropolitan Area (MCMA), one of the most densely populated areas in the world, is 2240 m above sea level. At this altitude, less oxygen is available, making combustion less efficient and therefore producing more PAH pollutants. According to the Automatic Monitoring Network in Mexico City (RAMA, for its Spanish initials; http://www.sma.df.gob.mx/simat2/informaciontecnica/index.php?opcion=5&opciondifusion_bd=90), which performs environmental monitoring, the critical air pollutants in Mexico City are ozone and particulate matter (PM). PM emissions increase during the dry season (winter to spring) and decrease during the rainy season (summer to autumn). The bioactivation of some PAHs produces reactive metabolites that bind to DNA, and the presence of elevated levels of PAH-DNA adducts in tissues such as blood lymphocytes represents an elevated risk for the development of cancer. We have compared the levels of PAH-DNA adducts and the percentage of cells with chromosomal aberrations (CWAs) using a matched set of peripheral blood lymphocytes obtained on two separate occasions from young non-smoking inhabitants of the MCMA (n = 92) during the 2006 dry season and the following rainy season. PAH-DNA adducts were analysed using the r7, t8-dihydroxy-t-9, 10-oxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE)-DNA chemiluminescence immunoassay (CIA). The percentages of CWA were determined in cultured lymphocytes from the same individuals. Both DNA adduct levels and chromosomal aberrations were tested for correlation with lifestyle and the polymorphisms of cytochromes P450 CYP1A1 and CYP1B1 as well as glutathione-S-transferases GSTM1 and GSTT1. The levels of PAH-DNA adducts were significantly higher (P < 0.001) in the dry season (10.66  3.05 per 10(9) nt, n = 92) than during the rainy season (9.50  2.85 per 10(9) nt, n = 92) and correlated with the seasonal levels of particulate matter with a diameter of  10 m (PM(10)). The percentage of CWA was not seasonally related; however, significant associations between the number of risk alleles and adduct levels in the dry (R = 0.298, P = 0.048) and in the wet seasons (R = 0.473, P = 0.001) were observed.
BACKGROUND: Prenatal bisphenol A (BPA) exposure may be associated with developmental toxicity, but few studies have examined the variability and predictors of urinary BPA concentrations during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to estimate the variability and predictors of serial urinary BPA concentrations taken during pregnancy. METHODS: We measured BPA concentrations during pregnancy and at birth in three spot urine samples from 389 women. We calculated the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) to assess BPA variability and estimated associations between log10-transformed urinary BPA concentrations and demographic, occupational, dietary, and environmental factors, using mixed models. RESULTS: Geometric mean (GM) creatinine-standardized concentrations (micrograms per gram) were 1.7 (16 weeks), 2.0 (26 weeks), and 2.0 (birth). Creatinine-standardized BPA concentrations exhibited low reproducibility (ICC = 0.11). By occupation, cashiers had the highest BPA concentrations (GM: 2.8 g/g). Consuming canned vegetables at least once a day was associated with higher BPA concentrations (GM = 2.3 g/g) compared with those consuming no canned vegetables (GM = 1.6 g/g). BPA concentrations did not vary by consumption of fresh fruits and vegetables, canned fruit, or store-bought fresh and frozen fish. Urinary high-molecular-weight phthalate and serum tobacco smoke metabolite concentrations were positively associated with BPA concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest numerous sources of BPA exposure during pregnancy. Etiological studies may need to measure urinary BPA concentrations more than once during pregnancy and adjust for phthalates and tobacco smoke exposures. 
Epigenetics could help to explain individual differences in weight loss after an energy-restriction intervention. Here, we identify novel potential epigenetic biomarkers of weight loss, comparing DNA methylation patterns of high and low responders to a hypocaloric diet. Twenty-five overweight or obese men participated in an 8-wk caloric restriction intervention. DNA was isolated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells and treated with bisulfite. The basal and endpoint epigenetic differences between high and low responders were analyzed by methylation microarray, which was also useful in comparing epigenetic changes due to the nutrition intervention. Subsequently, MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry was used to validate several relevant CpGs and the surrounding regions. DNA methylation levels in several CpGs located in the ATP10A and CD44 genes showed statistical baseline differences depending on the weight-loss outcome. At the treatment endpoint, DNA methylation levels of several CpGs on the WT1 promoter were statistically more methylated in the high than in the low responders. Finally, different CpG sites from WT1 and ATP10A were significantly modified as a result of the intervention. In summary, hypocaloric-diet-induced weight loss in humans could alter DNA methylation status of specific genes. Moreover, baseline DNA methylation patterns may be used as epigenetic markers that could help to predict weight loss.
The authors question dietary recommendations for the general public calling for reduced cholesterol intake. Metabolic studies have shown that dietary cholesterol normally induces only small increases in blood cholesterol level. There is evidence that only a portion of the population responds to a change in cholesterol intake; hence lowering dietary cholesterol will be effective for only some.
Toxicological studies indicate an association between exposure to disinfection by-products (DBPs) and impaired male reproductive health in animals. However, epidemiological evidence in humans is still limited. We conducted a hospital-based cross-sectional study to investigate the effect of exposure to DBPs on semen quality in humans. Between May 2008 and July 2008, we recruited 418 male partners in sub-fertile couples seeking infertility medical instruction or assisted reproduction services from the Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, China. Major semen parameters analyzed included sperm concentration, motility, and morphology. Exposure to DBPs was estimated by their urinary creatinine-adjusted trichloroacetic (TCAA) concentrations that were measured with the gas chromatography/electron capture detection method. We used linear regression to assess the relationship between exposure to DBPs and semen quality. According to the World Health Organization criteria (<20 million/mL for sperm concentration and <50% motile for sperm motility) and threshold value recommended by Guzick (<9% for sperm morphology), there were 265 men with all parameters at or above the reference values, 33 men below the reference sperm concentration, 151 men below the reference sperm motility, and 6 men below the reference sperm morphology. The mean (median) urinary creatinine-adjusted TCAA concentration was 9.2 (5.1) g/g creatinine. Linear regression analyses indicated no significant association of sperm concentration, sperm count, and sperm morphology with urinary TCAA levels. Compared with those in the lowest quartile of creatinine-adjusted urinary TCAA concentrations, subjects in the second and third quartiles had a decrease of 5.1% (95% CI: 0.6%, 9.7%) and 4.7% (95% CI: 0.2%, 9.2%) in percent motility, respectively. However, these associations were not significant after adjustment for age, abstinence time, and smoking status. The present study provides suggestive but inconclusive evidence of the relationship between decreased sperm motility and increased urinary TCAA levels. The effect of exposure to DBPs on human male reproductive health in Chinese populations still warrants further investigations.
INTRODUCTION: The EORTC Quality of Life (QL) Group has developed a questionnaire -the EORTC QLQ-CR29- for evaluating QL in colorectal cancer. The aim of this study is to assess the psychometric properties of the EORTC QLQCR29 when applied to a sample of Spanish patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Eighty-four locally advanced rectal cancer patients in the treatment follow-up period after receiving surgery and neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy were included in the study. Seventy subjects also had adjuvant chemotherapy. Patients completed both the EORTC QLQC30 and the QLQ-CR29 once. The psychometric evaluation of the questionnaire's structure, reliability, and convergent, divergent and known-groups validity was performed. RESULTS: Multitrait scaling analysis showed that three of the multi-item scales met the standards of convergent and discriminant validity. These same scales reached the 0.7 Cronbach's coefficient criterion or were close to it. In both analyses exceptions were observed in the blood and mucus in stool scale. Correlations between the scales of the QLQC30 and the module were low (r<0.02) in most cases. A few areas with more related content had higher correlations (r<0.05). Group comparison analyses showed differences in QL between groups of patients based on age, comorbidity, performance status, receipt of adjuvant chemotherapy and surgery modality. CONCLUSIONS: The EORTC QLQ-CR29 is a reliable and valid instrument when applied to a sample of Spanish rectal cancer patients. These results are in line with those of the EORTC validation study. 
BACKGROUND: Concerns regarding the persistence, bioaccumulation, long-range transport, and adverse health effects of polybrominated dipheyl ethers (PBDEs) have recently come to light. PBDEs may potentially be of concern to indigenous (First Nations) people of Canada who subsist on traditional foods, but there is a paucity of information on this topic. OBJECTIVES AND METHODS: To investigate whether the traditional diet is a major source of PBDEs in sub-Arctic First Nations populations of the Hudson Bay Lowlands (James and Hudson Bay),Ontario, Canada, a variety of tissues from wild game and fish were analyzed for PBDE content (n=147) and dietary exposure assessed and compared to the US EPA reference doses (RfDs). In addition, to examine the effect of isolation/industrialization on PBDE body burdens, the blood plasma from three First Nations (Cree Nation of Ouj-Bougoumou, Quebec; Fort Albany First Nation, Ontario; and Weenusk First Nation [Peawanuck], Ontario, Canada) were collected (n=54) and analyzed using a log-linear contingency model. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: The mean values of PBDEs in wild meats and fish adjusted for standard consumption values and body weight, did not exceed the US EPA RfD. Log linear modeling of the human PBDE body burden showed that PBDE body burden increases as access to manufactured goods increases. Thus, household dust from material goods containing PBDEs is likely responsible for the human exposure; the traditional First Nations diet appears to be a minor source of PBDEs. 
The aim of the present study was to validate the intakes of fruit, juice and vegetables from an FFQ. In sub-study I (n 147), intakes from the FFQ were evaluated against 7 d weighed food records (WR) and plasma carotenoid concentrations, whereas in sub-study II (n 85), the intakes were evaluated against plasma carotenoid concentrations and amounts of flavonoids in 24 h urine samples. Relative validity was evaluated by comparing median intakes, estimating correlation coefficients and validity coefficients using the method of triads. In sub-study I, we observed no significant difference in daily median fruit intake between the FFQ and the WR, whereas the intake of vegetables was higher from the FFQ than from the WR. The correlations between intakes from the FFQ and the WR ranged from 031 to 058. In sub-study II, the intakes of fruit and vegetables correlated significantly with plasma carotenoid concentrations and urinary flavonoids. The validity coefficients for the intakes of fruit and vegetables from the FFQ ranged from 061 to 088 in sub-study I and from 060 to 094 in sub-study II. In summary, based on the associations observed between intakes from the FFQ and the biomarkers and the FFQ validity coefficients, the FFQ was found valid and suitable for ranking individuals according to their usual intake of fruit, juice and vegetables.
It has been speculated that maternal phthalate exposure may affect reproductive development in human newborns. However, the mechanism awaits further investigation. The aim is to evaluate the association between maternal phthalate exposure and cord sex steroid hormones in pregnant women and their newborns from the general population. A total of 155 maternal and infant pair were recruited and analyzed. Levels of urinary phthalate metabolites and sex steroid hormones were determined using liquid chromatography/electrospray tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS/MS) and radioimmunoassay (RIA), respectively. No significant correlation was found between each steroid hormones and phthalate metabolites for male newborns, except MMP was marginally significantly correlated with E(2). After adjusting for maternal age, estradiol (E(2)) levels in cord serum from male newborns were not correlated with maternal urinary phthalate metabolites. In female newborns, the maternal urinary levels of mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (5OH-MEHP) were negatively correlated with the free testosterone (fT) and fT/E(2) levels in cord serum with Pearson correlation coefficients ranging between -0.24 and -0.29 (p<0.05). Additionally, after gestational age was adjusted, the maternal urinary level of DEHP was negatively correlated with the free testosterone (fT) and fT/E(2) levels in cord serum. We suggest that maternal exposure to phthalates may affect sex steroid hormones status in fetal and newborn stage.
BACKGROUND: Persistent parasitemia, immunological, and autonomic nervous system impairments may play an important role in the evolution and clinical outcome of the chronic phase of Chagas' disease by triggering functional cardiovascular changes. METHODS: Three groups were evaluated: 17 chronic chagasic patients with the indeterminate form (IChD), 12 chronic chagasic patients with cardiac forms (ChHD), and 29 individuals as a healthy control group. Parasitemia was assessed by polymerase chain reaction; hemoculture, heart rate variability by linear and nonlinear methods, and interleukin (IL)-1, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12, IL-13, IL-17, and tumor necrosis factor-, and interferon (IFN)- serum cytokines were assessed by enzyme-linked immune assay. RESULTS: Twenty-nine chronic chagasic patients were positive for parasitemia (17 IChD and 12 ChHD). Heart rate variability parameters in baseline condition and after cold face test were significantly decreased in chagasic patients compared to controls. Tilt tests showed no alteration. However, using nonlinear indices, ChHD patients presented lower values compared to IChD and controls. Differences in the expression of serum cytokines were observed between chagasic patients and controls. However, among the groups, ChHD presented higher median values of IL-10 and lower of IFN- compared to IChD. CONCLUSION: Both chagasic groups present an autonomic impairment using linear methods. The nonlinear methods revealed that the ChHD group had a higher cardiovascular risk. Serum cytokine concentrations between chagasic patients were similar. However, ChHD showed higher concentrations of IL-10 and lower of IFN-, suggesting some established process of immune regulation. 
SCOPE: The aim of this study was to i) characterize dietary polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxin exposure in consumers of fish from the PCB contaminated Lake Mjsa in Norway ii) examine the influence of demographic factors on blood concentrations and congener composition of dioxins and PCBs, iii) characterize dietary sources and possible exposures above tolerable intake. METHODS AND RESULTS: Blood samples were analysed for dioxin-like (dl) compounds (PCDD/Fs and dl-PCBs) and non-dl-PCBs (ndl-PCBs). Dietary exposures were calculated using food frequency questionnaires (n=64). Men had higher median intake of dl-compounds than women (1.2 and 0.85 pg TEQ/kg bw/day), but similar blood concentrations (23.3 and 25.8, pg TEQ/g lipid weight (lw)). For non-dl-PCBs, intakes (6.5 and 4.5 ng/kg bw/day) and blood concentrations (381 and 224 ng/g lw) were higher in men than in women. Blood concentrations correlated with dietary intakes in men only. Increasing BMI and age elevated blood concentrations mainly in women. Men and women had different blood congener profiles, with a higher share of PCB-126 in women, despite similar dietary congener profiles. Eleven participants exceeded the tolerable intake for dl-compounds. Fish from Lake Mjsa was the main dietary source. CONCLUSION: The higher influence of BMI and age for women than for men may have implications for risk assessment. 
Animal data indicate that developmental tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin exposure alters immune function; however, the potential immunotoxicity of dioxin-like and non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the developing infant is an understudied area. The aim of the current study is to examine the association between maternal and early postnatal PCB concentrations in relation to total infant serum immunoglobulin concentrations determined at 6-months-of-age. We selected 384 mother-infant pairs participating in a birth cohort study in Eastern Slovakia. PCB concentrations of several congeners were determined in maternal and cord serum samples and in infant serum samples collected at 6-months-of-age using gas chromatography with electron capture detection. Total immunoglobulin (Ig) G, A, and M concentrations were determined by nephelometry, and IgE concentrations were determined by enzyme-linked immunoassay. Linear regression models with adjustment for potential confounding factors were used to estimate the associations between maternal, cord, and 6-month infant PCB concentrations and total serum immunoglobulins. The median maternal serum concentration of PCB-153 was 140?ng/g lipid, ?10-fold higher than concentrations in childbearing-age women in the United States during the same period. Maternal, cord, or 6-month infant PCB concentrations were not associated with total serum immunoglobulin levels at 6 months, regardless of the timing of PCB exposure, PCB congener, or specific immunoglobulin. In this population, which has high PCB concentrations relative to most populations in the world today, we did not observe any association between maternal and early postnatal PCB concentrations and total immunoglobulin measures of IgG, IgA, IgM, or IgE.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to examine the impact of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) on foetal growth. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The prospective Polish Mother and Child Cohort study was performed in 8 regions of Poland. The study population consisted of 449 mother-child pairs All women were interviewed three times during pregnancy (once in each trimester). 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) concentration in urine was chosen as the biomarker of exposure to PAH. The urine sample collected from the participant women between 20-24 weeks of pregnancy was analysed using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The active and passive smoking exposure was verified by determination of saliva cotinine level using high performance liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry/positive electrospray ionisation (LC-ESI+MS/MS) and isotope dilution method. RESULTS: The exposure to PAH measured by 1-HP level in urine of pregnant women was significantly associated with child birth weight ( = -158.3; p = 0.01), chest circumference ( = -0.7; p = 0.02) and cephalisation index ( = 4.2; p = 0.01) after adjustment for gestational age, child gender, pregnant woman marital status, educational level, season of last menstruation period (LMP), prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), and weight gain in pregnancy. After inclusion salivary cotinine levels into the analysis, the results were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal exposures to PAH adversely influence foetal development including child weight, length, head and chest circumference. Tobacco smoking is the important source of PAH. After controlling for active and passive smoking, the observed associations were not statistically significant. 
BACKGROUND: Licorice flavonoid oil (LFO) has been reported to minimize visceral adipose tissue gain in obese mice and to result in a decrease in body weight and body fat in humans; the effects of which may be more pronounced when administered in an overfed state. METHODS: We investigated the effects of LFO in two separate studies. Study 1 included a sample of overweight or grade I-II obese men and women (N = 22) who followed their usual dietary and physical activity programs. Study 2 included a sample of athletic men who followed their usual dietary and physical activity programs but consumed a daily supplemental meal (25% above daily energy requirements) in an attempt to induce a state of overfeeding. In both studies, subjects were randomly assigned (double-blind) to either LFO or a placebo for eight weeks, and anthropometric and multiple biochemical outcomes (e.g., markers of oxidative stress, markers of insulin sensitivity, blood lipids, etc.) were obtained before and following the intervention. RESULTS: No differences of statistical significance were noted between LFO and placebo for any measured variable in Study 1 or Study 2. When investigating the percent change from baseline for data in Study 2, although not of statistical significance, subjects in the LFO condition experienced less overall fat gain, as well as attenuation in the elevation in selected blood lipids (e.g., cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglycerides). CONCLUSION: These combined data indicate little effect of LFO supplementation within a sample of overweight/obese men and women or athletic men, with the possible exception of attenuation in body fat gain and selected components of the blood lipid panel in response to an overfeeding condition. 
A cross-sectional study was designed to investigate the association between current consumption of a series of 26 common antioxidant-rich foods (ARF) with serum total antioxidant status (TAS) and plasma vitamin C and E levels in community-dwelling older adults. A convenience sample of the first 94 non-smoking Caucasian men (54%) and women (46%) enrolled in the Quebec Longitudinal Study NuAge were selected. The "Functional Foods Consumption Frequency Questionnaire" (FFCFQ) was administered at recruitment (T1) to ascertain patterns of consumption of ARF over the lifetime. The total Oxygen Radical Antioxidant Capacity (ORAC) of 25 ARF reported by subjects was estimated using published values. Serum TAS was determined based on the Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC) assay while plasma vitamins C and E (- and -tocopherol) levels were analyzed by HPLC. The numbers of ARF eaten daily at T1, estimated from the FFCFQ and calculated from the diet recalls, were significantly correlated (r=0.51, P<0.0001) and each measure was associated with total ORAC content (r=0.34, P<0.001 and r=0.59, P<0.0001 for FFCFQ and recalls, respectively). No significant association was found between TAS and the total ORAC value of ARF determined from the quantitative 24-h diet recalls. However, daily ARF consumption at T1 obtained from the FFCFQ was significantly and positively correlated with TAS (r=0.26, P<0.05) and circulating levels of vitamin C (r=0.25, P<0.02) and -tocopherol (r=0.22, p<0.05) and negatively correlated with plasma -tocopherol (r=-0.25, P<0.025). These results highlight associations between ARF consumption and circulating levels of antioxidants in the elderly and suggest benefits from antioxidant-rich foods during aging.
AIM: To translate the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire--Urinary Incontinence Short Form (ICIQ-UI SF) from English to Taiwanese and to evaluate its reliability and validity for pregnant Taiwanese women. BACKGROUND: Urinary incontinence in pregnant women has been little investigated in Taiwan. A validated assessment instrument for urinary incontinence is needed for pregnant Taiwanese women. DESIGN: A non-experimental design was used to test the psychometric properties of the Taiwanese version of the ICIQ-UI SF. METHOD: The internal consistency reliability and construct validity of the Taiwanese version of the ICIQ-UI SF for pregnant women were evaluated in a random sample of 121 pregnant women at a medical center in Taiwan. Test-retest reliability was assessed for a sample of 55 pregnant women who completed this version at two time points in four weeks. Construct validity was verified with three questions and seven urinary-leakage situations by factor analysis. RESULTS: The Taiwanese version of the ICIQ-UI SF showed adequate test-retest reliability in pregnant Taiwanese women. The Pearson's correlation coefficient of the total score was 0.75, kappa statistics showed excellent or good reproducibility for most items and McNemar's test confirmed that there was no significant difference in the test-retest pair for each item of the scale. The internal consistency reliability of the scale was good, with Cronbach's  = 0.80. Three factors were extracted and identified with an eigenvalue  1.04, explaining 65.64% the total variance. The first, second and third factors were 'symptom and quality of life', 'stress incontinence or other types' and 'urge or overflow incontinence'. CONCLUSIONS: The results provide evidence of the validity and reliability of the psychometric properties of the Taiwanese version of the ICIQ-UI SF for pregnant women. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: This questionnaire is a suitable instrument for evaluating urinary incontinence in pregnant Taiwanese women. 
INTRODUCTION: Concentrations of 1,25-hydroxyvitamin D have been positively associated with dietary sodium and salt sensitivity (SS) of blood pressure (BP), and inversely with plasma renin activity (PRA). We investigated the association between PRA and 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD), the most clinically relevant vitamin D metabolite, and whether 25OHD associates with SS of BP in renin phenotypes of hypertension. METHODS: We performed cross-sectional analyses on 223 Caucasian subjects with hypertension maintained in high and low dietary sodium balance. Subjects were distinguished as having low-renin (LR) or normal-renin (NR) hypertension. Multivariable linear regression was used to evaluate adjusted relationships. RESULTS: Increasing 25OHD concentrations were inversely associated with PRA (p < 0.05) on both salt diets. Furthermore, 25OHD was associated with SS of BP in LR hypertension (b = 0.62, p = 0.04), but not in NR hypertension (b = 0.06, p = 0.59). In an adjusted multivariable interaction model, renin status (LR vs. NR) was a significant effect modifier of the relationship between 25OHD and SS of BP (p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that 25OHD is inversely associated with PRA and positively associated with SS of BP in LR hypertension subjects. These results extend and support prior evidence indicating an interaction between dietary sodium, the RAS, and vitamin D that influences BP in hypertension. 
In this study, organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) levels were determined in 100 human milk samples from the city of Antalya. The levels of seven major PCB congeners; 28, 52, 101, 118, 138, 153, 180 and nine OCPs, -HCH, -HCH, -HCH, HCB, heptachlor epoxide, p.p'-DDT, p,p'-DDE, endosulfan- and endosulfan- were determined by gas chromatography with ECD detection. The levels of analyzed compounds were as follows: PCBs 27.46  11.58, DDT 1,407  123, and BHC 160  490 ng/g lipid wt.basis. PCB 153 and p,p'-DDE were the dominant contaminants. The results have been discussed and compared with similar studies from other regions of Turkey.
Repeat-biomarker measurement error models accounting for systematic correlated within-person error can be used to estimate the correlation coefficient () and deattenuation factor (), used in measurement error correction. These models account for correlated errors in the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and the 24-hour diet recall and random within-person variation in the biomarkers. Failure to account for within-person variation in biomarkers can exaggerate correlated errors between FFQs and 24-hour diet recalls. For 2 validation studies,  and  were calculated for total energy and protein density. In the Automated Multiple-Pass Method Validation Study (n=471), doubly labeled water (DLW) and urinary nitrogen (UN) were measured twice in 52 adults approximately 16 months apart (2002-2003), yielding intraclass correlation coefficients of 0.43 for energy (DLW) and 0.54 for protein density (UN/DLW). The deattenuated correlation coefficient for protein density was 0.51 for correlation between the FFQ and the 24-hour diet recall and 0.49 for correlation between the FFQ and the biomarker. Use of repeat-biomarker measurement error models resulted in a  of 0.42. These models were similarly applied to the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition Study (1999-2000). In conclusion, within-person variation in biomarkers can be substantial, and to adequately assess the impact of correlated subject-specific error, this variation should be assessed in validation studies of FFQs.
Calorie restriction (CR)-induced weight loss has been shown to lower the risk of chronic disease in obese individuals. Although the mechanisms that link weight loss to disease risk reduction remain unclear, evidence suggests adipokines may play a role. What has yet to be determined, however, is the dose-response effect of body weight loss and visceral fat mass loss on adipokines. Accordingly, this review examines how varying degrees of CR-induced weight loss (i.e., >10%, 5-10%, and <5% from baseline) impact plasma levels and expression of adiponectin, leptin, resistin, interleukin 6 (IL-6), interleukin 8 (IL-8), monocyte chemotactic protein 1 (MCP-1), and retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP-4). The dose-response relationship between visceral fat mass loss and adipokine profile improvement will also be explored. Results from this review demonstrate that even mild weight loss induced by CR may have beneficial effects on leptin levels, but it has no clear impact on adiponectin, resistin, IL-6, IL-8, MCP-1, or RBP-4 concentrations.
OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to evaluate blood concentrations of inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress-related biomarkers as risk factors of breast cancer and to determine the relation between these markers and antioxidant nutrient intake. METHODS: Study subjects were 134 patients with breast cancer and 149 controls. Total antioxidant capacity and concentrations of 8-isoprostane, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine, interleukin (IL)-1, IL-6, and IL-8 of blood samples were determined. A food-frequency questionnaire was used to assess nutrient intake. RESULTS: Patients with breast cancer had significantly higher blood levels of oxidative stress markers compared with control subjects. Plasma concentrations of IL-1 and IL-6 were significantly higher in patients with breast cancer compared with those of control subjects. In the pooled analysis, total antioxidant capacity was significantly decreased with increasing quartiles of carbohydrate intake but was increased with increasing quartiles of total vitamin A intake and vitamin C intake. In addition, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine concentration was decreased with increasing quartiles of vitamin A and -carotene. No significant association was found between nutrient intake and cytokine concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that oxidative stress and inflammation may be associated with the risk of breast cancer. Total vitamin A intake was negatively related to oxidative stresses, possibly modifying the risk of breast cancer. 
Reports on residue levels and accumulation profiles of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (DL-PCBs) in human adipose tissue are scarce in Korea. In this study, concentrations and accumulation features of PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs were determined in the samples of adipose tissue collected from Korean women in 2007-2008. The total dioxin-like toxic equivalent (TEQ) concentrations (3.4-42 pg g(-1) lipid wt) in Korean adipose tissues were similar to those reported in European and other Asian countries. The relative contributions of individual compounds to total TEQs were as follows: non-ortho PCBs (mean: 45%) > PCDFs (28%) > PCDDs (24%) > mono-ortho PCBs (3%), a pattern similar to those reported for seafoods in Korea. The dominant PCDD/F congeners found in adipose tissues were OCDD and 2,3,4,7,8-PeCDF and dominant PCBs were 118, 156 and 105. No correlation was found between subject's age and concentrations of dioxin-like contaminants. Body mass index was not correlated with concentrations of PCDD/Fs and was negatively (p < 0.001) correlated with concentrations of DL-PCBs. The results of this study provide baseline information on PCDD/Fs and DL-PCBs in adipose tissues of the general population in Korea.
To begin to understand the contributions of maternal obesity and over-nutrition to human development and the early origins of obesity, we utilized a non-human primate model to investigate the effects of maternal high-fat feeding and obesity on breast milk, maternal and fetal plasma fatty acid composition and fetal hepatic development. While the high-fat diet (HFD) contained equivalent levels of n-3 fatty acids (FA's) and higher levels of n-6 FA's than the control diet (CTR), we found significant decreases in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and total n-3 FA's in HFD maternal and fetal plasma. Furthermore, the HFD fetal plasma n-6:n-3 ratio was elevated and was significantly correlated to the maternal plasma n-6:n-3 ratio and maternal hyperinsulinemia. Hepatic apoptosis was also increased in the HFD fetal liver. Switching HFD females to a CTR diet during a subsequent pregnancy normalized fetal DHA, n-3 FA's and fetal hepatic apoptosis to CTR levels. Breast milk from HFD dams contained lower levels of eicosopentanoic acid (EPA) and DHA and lower levels of total protein than CTR breast milk. This study links chronic maternal consumption of a HFD with fetal hepatic apoptosis and suggests that a potentially pathological maternal fatty acid milieu is replicated in the developing fetal circulation in the nonhuman primate.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Lycopene is a carotenoid commonly found in tomatoes and tomato products which acts as an antioxidant to decrease oxidative stress and osteoporosis risk. We wanted to determine the effects of a lycopene-restricted diet on oxidative stress parameters and bone turnover markers in postmenopausal women. SETTING: St. Michael 's Hospital, Toronto, ON, Canada. PARTICIPANTS AND STUDY DESIGN: 23 healthy postmenopausal women, 50-60 years old, provided blood samples at baseline and following a one-month lycopene-depletion period. MEASUREMENTS: Serum samples were analyzed for carotenoids; the oxidative stress parameters protein thiols and thiobarbituric-malondialdehyde reactive substances; the antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GPx), and the bone turnover markers bone alkaline phosphatase and crosslinked N-telopeptide of type I collagen (NTx). A paired t-test was used to test for significant differences in bone turnover markers, oxidative stress parameters and antioxidant status after lycopene restriction. RESULTS: Dietary lycopene restriction resulted in significantly decreased serum lycopene (p < 0.0001), lutein/zeaxanthin (p < 0.01), and  -/ -carotene (p < 0.05). GPx (p < 0.01), lipid and protein oxidation increased (not significant), while CAT and SOD were significantly depressed (p < 0.05 and p < 0.005, respectively). These changes coincided with significantly increased NTx (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that the daily consumption of lycopene may be important as it acts as an antioxidant to decrease bone resorption in postmenopausal women and may therefore be beneficial in reducing the risk of osteoporosis. 
To clarify the circumstances of death, the degree of inebriation is of importance in many cases, but for several reasons the determination of the ethanol concentration in post-mortem samples can be challenging and the synopsis of ethanol and the direct consumption markers ethyl glucuronide (EtG) and ethyl sulphate (EtS) has proved to be useful. The use of a rather stable matrix like vitreous humor offers further advantages. The aim of this study was to determine the concentrations of ethanol and the biomarkers in the robust matrix of vitreous humor and to compare them with the respective levels in peripheral venous blood and urine. Samples of urine, blood from the femoral vein and vitreous humor were taken from 26 deceased with suspected ethanol consumption prior to death and analyzed for ethanol, EtS and EtG. In the urine samples creatinine was also determined. The personal data, the circumstances of death, the post-mortem interval and the information about ethanol consumption prior to death were recorded. EtG and EtS analysis in urine was performed by LC-ESI-MS/MS, creatinine concentration was determined using the Jaff reaction and ethanol was detected by HS-GC-FID and by an ADH-based method. In general, the highest concentrations of the analytes were found in urine and showed statistical significance. The mean concentrations of EtG were 62.8mg/L (EtG100 206.5mg/L) in urine, 4.3mg/L in blood and 2.1mg/L in vitreous humor. EtS was found in the following mean concentrations: 54.6mg/L in urine (EtS100 123.1mg/L), 1.8mg/L in blood and 0.9mg/L in vitreous humor. Ethanol was detected in more vitreous humor samples (mean concentration 2.0g/kg) than in blood and urine (mean concentration 1.6g/kg and 2.1g/kg respectively). There was no correlation between the ethanol and the marker concentrations and no statistical conclusions could be drawn between the markers and matrices.
We determined the internal exposure of 111 German primary school starters by analyzing urinary metabolites of six phthalates: butyl benzyl phthalate (BBzP), di-iso-butyl phthalate (DiBP), di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), di (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), di-iso-nonyl phthalate (DiNP) and di-iso-decylphthalate (DiDP). From the urinary metabolite levels, we calculated daily intakes and related these values to Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI) values. By introducing the concept of a relative cumulative Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI(cum)) value, we tried to account for the cumulative exposure to several of the above-mentioned phthalates. The TDI(cum) was derived as follows: the daily intake (DI) calculated from the metabolite level was divided by the TDI for each phthalate; this ratio was multiplied by 100% indicating the TDI percentage for which the DI accounted. Finally the % TDIs of the different phthalates were totalled to get the TDI(cum). A TDI(cum) above 100% is a potential cause for concern. We confirmed the ubiquitous exposure of the children to all phthalates investigated. Exposures were within range of levels previously reported for GerES, albeit slightly lower. Regarding daily intakes, two children exceeded the TDI for DnBP, whereas one child closely approached the TDI for DEHP. 24% of the children exceeded the TDI(cum) for the three most critical phthalates: DEHP, DnBP and DiBP. Furthermore, 54% of the children had total exposures that used up more than 50% the TDI(cum). Therefore, the overall exposure to a number of phthalates, and the knowledge that these phthalates (and other anti-androgens) act in a dose-additive manner, urgently warrants a cumulative risk assessment approach.
BACKGROUND: Quetiapine is an atypical antipsychotic drug that was recently also approved for the treatment of uni- and bipolar depression. The antidepressive response is considered to be mediated by the metabolite N-desalkylquetiapine, and the aim of this study was to assess the interindividual pharmacokinetic variability of quetiapine and N-desalkylquetiapine in psychiatric patients based on therapeutic drug monitoring samples. METHODS: Serum measurements of quetiapine and N-desalkylquetiapine performed between October 2007 and July 2008 were retrospectively included from a routine therapeutic drug monitoring database. Pharmacokinetic variability was expressed as the 5-95 percentile range in dose-adjusted serum concentrations (C/D ratios). The impact of age (65 years or older), gender, and sampling time on the C/D ratios was studied by linear mixed model analysis. Samples from patients comedicated with CYP3A4 inducers or inhibitors were examined separately. RESULTS: In total, 927 serum samples from 601 patients were included (all using quetiapine immediate-release tablets). The 5-95 percentiles of the C/D ratio ranged 15-fold (0.14-2.1 nmol/L/mg) for quetiapine and fivefold (0.44-2.1 nmol/L/mg) for N-desalkylquetiapine. Elderly (65 years or older) obtained 1.5- and 1.2-fold higher C/D ratios of quetiapine (P = 0.002) and N-desalkylquetiapine (P = 0.03) compared with younger patients, respectively. Sampling time was also found to significantly affect the C/D ratios of quetiapine (P = 0.001), whereas gender was not a significant variable (P > 0.13). In three patients treated with potent CYP3A4 inducers, the observed C/D ratios of quetiapine and N-desalkylquetiapine were 77% and 11% lower than the mean C/D ratio in the study population, respectively. CONCLUSION: The pharmacokinetic variability was greater for quetiapine compared with N-desalkylquetiapine. Age 65 years or older and comedication with CYP3A4 inducers affected the serum levels of both agents, but the relative impact was greater on quetiapine. 
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to test whether "Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents" have beneficial effects on anthropometric and metabolic variables, adipokines and inflammatory markers in metabolic syndrome patients. METHODS AND PROCEDURES: A multi-stage sampling method was applied to select metabolic syndrome patients in two districts of Shanghai. Two hundred and seventy-two metabolic syndrome patients were divided into control and intervention groups according to their district. Nutrition education guided by "Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents" was performed in the intervention group for one year. RESULTS: Nutrition-related knowledge, attitudes and behavior were improved in the intervention group. Potassium intake and food to total energy ratio for grain, vegetable and fruit increased while sodium intake as well as fat to total energy ratio decreased in the intervention group compared to the control group (p<0.05). Correspondently, the intervention group significantly improved its waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, adiponectin, leptin and tumor necrosis factor- compared to the control group (p<0.05). Waist circumference changes from baseline to end of the study in the intervention and the control groups were -3.90.3 and -2.30.4 cm respectively. There was a significant difference between the two groups (p=0.004). Means of waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, leptin and tumor necrosis factor- were lower, and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol was higher in the intervention group than the control group (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: This study confirmed "Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents" had beneficial effects on anthropometric, lipids, adipokines and inflammatory markers in metabolic syndrome patients. 
The occurrence of 14 phthalate metabolites was found in human urine samples collected from seven Asian countries: China, India, Japan, Korea, Kuwait, Malaysia, and Vietnam. Phthalate metabolites were found in all samples, indicating widespread exposure of humans to phthalates in these Asian countries. The highest total (the sum of 14 phthalates) phthalate metabolite concentrations were found in samples collected from Kuwait (median: 1050 ng/mL), followed in decreasing order by samples from India (389 ng/mL), China (234 ng/mL), Vietnam (133 ng/mL), Japan (120 ng/mL), Korea (117 ng/mL), and Malaysia (94.9 ng/mL). The creatinine-adjusted median concentrations of total phthalates for urine samples from Kuwait, India, China, Vietnam, Japan, Korea, and Malaysia were 692, 506, 289, 119, 103, 104, and 169 g/g creatinine, respectively. Monomethyl phthalate (mMP), monoethyl phthalate (mEP), mono (2-isobutyl phthalate) (miBP), mono-n-butyl phthalate (mBP), and metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) were the dominant compounds, collectively accounting for >95% of the total concentrations in the samples from the seven countries. The profiles of urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations varied among the samples collected from the seven countries. Urine samples from Kuwait contained the highest concentrations of mEP (median: 391 ng/mL), mBP (94.1 ng/mL), and the metabolites of DEHP (202 ng/mL), whereas samples from China and Japan contained the highest concentrations of miBP (50.8 ng/mL) and mMP (17.5 ng/mL), respectively. mEP was the predominant metabolite in urine samples from India and Kuwait (accounting for 49% of the total), mBP and miBP were the predominant compounds in samples from China (52%), and DEHP metabolites were the predominant compounds in samples from Korea (46%) and Vietnam (52%). Based on the urinary concentrations of mEP, mBP, miBP, and DEHP metabolites of the samples from the seven Asian countries, we estimated daily intake rates of diethyl phthalate (DEP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), and DEHP. The results indicated that people in the seven Asian countries are exposed to DEP, DBP, and DEHP at levels well below the reference doses (RfD) suggested as unsafe by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The estimated exposure doses to DEHP in Kuwait, however, were above the RfD recommended by the EPA.
Phthalates have long been used as plasticizers to soften plastic products and, thus, are ubiquitous in modern life. As part of the Bavarian Monitoring of Breast Milk (BAMBI), we aimed to characterize the exposure of infants to phthalates in Germany. Overall, 15 phthalates, including di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP), di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), di-isobutyl phthalate (DiBP), di-isononyl phthalate (DiNP), three primary metabolites of DEHP [mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP), and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP)], and two secondary metabolites of DEHP were analyzed in 78 breast milk samples. We found median concentrations of 3.9 ng/g for DEHP, 0.8 ng/g for DnBP, and 1.2 ng/g for DiBP, while other parent phthalates were found in only some or none of the samples at levels above the limit of quantitation. In infant formula (n=4) we observed mean values of 19.7 ng/g (DEHP), 3.8 ng/g (DnBP), and 3.6 ng/g (DiBP). For MEHP, MiBP, and MnBP, the median values in breast milk were 2.3 g/l, 11.8 g/l, and 2.1 g/l, respectively. The secondary metabolites were not detected in any samples. Using median and 95th percentile values, we estimated an "average" and "high" daily intake for an exclusively breast-fed infant of 0.6 g/kg body weight (b.w.) and 2.1 g/kg b.w., respectively, for DEHP, 0.1 g/kg b.w. and 0.5 g/kg b.w. for DnBP, and 0.2 g/kg b.w. and 0.7 g/kg b.w. for DiBP. For DiNP, intake values were 3.2 g/kg b.w. and 6.4 g/kg b.w., respectively, if all values in milk were set half of the detection limit or the detection limit. The above-mentioned "average" and "high" intake values corresponded to only about 2% to 7%, respectively, of the recommended tolerable daily intake. Thus, it is not likely that an infant's exposure to phthalates from breast milk poses any significant health risk. Nevertheless, other sources of phthalates in this vulnerable phase have to be considered. Moreover, it should be noted that for infants nourished with formula, phthalate intake is of the same magnitude or slightly higher (DEHP) than for exclusively breast-fed infants.
BACKGROUND: Human exposure to bisphenol A (BPA) is widespread. After exposure, BPA is rapidly metabolized and eliminated in urine. Therefore, there is considerable within-person and between-person variability of BPA concentrations in spot urine samples. However, no information exists on the within-day variability of urinary BPA concentrations. OBJECTIVES: We examined the between-person and within-person and between-day and within-day variability in the urinary BPA concentrations of eight adults who collected all voids for 1 week to investigate the impact of sampling strategy in the exposure assessment of BPA using spot, first morning, or 24-hr urine collections. METHODS: We determined the urinary concentrations of BPA using on-line solid-phase extraction coupled to isotope dilution high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry. RESULTS: The between-day and within-person variability was the primary contributor to the total variance both for first morning voids (77%) and 24-hr urine collections (88%). For the spot collections, we observed considerable within-day variance (70%), which outweighed the between-person (9%) and between-day and within-person (21%) variances. CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of the type of void (spot, first morning, 24-hr collection), urinary BPA concentrations for a given adult changed considerably--both within a day and for the 7 days of the study period. Single 24-hr urine collections accurately reflect daily exposure but can misrepresent variability in daily exposures over time. Of interest, when the population investigated is sufficiently large and samples are randomly collected relative to meal ingestion times and bladder emptying times, the single spot-sampling approach may adequately reflect the average exposure of the population to BPA. 
The mechanisms by which dietary sodium modulates cardiovascular risk are not fully understood. This study investigated whether sodium intake is related to carotid structure and hemodynamics and to plasma matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) activity in hypertensive adults. One hundred thirty-four participants were cross-sectionally evaluated by clinical history, anthropometry, carotid ultrasound, and analysis of hemodynamic, inflammatory, and metabolic variables. Daily sodium intake (DSI) was estimated by 24-h recall, discretionary sodium, and a FFQ. In 42 patients, plasma MMP-2 and MMP-9 activities were also analyzed. The mean DSI was 5.52  0.29 g/d. Univariate analysis showed that DSI correlated with common carotid artery systolic and diastolic diameter (r = 0.36 and 0.34; both P < 0.001), peak and mean circumferential tension (r = 0.44 and 0.39; both P < 0.001), Young's Elastic Modulus (r = 0.40; P < 0.001), intima-media thickness (r = 0.19; P < 0.05), and internal carotid artery resistive index (r = 0.20; P < 0.05). Multivariate analyses revealed that only artery diameter, circumferential wall tension, and Young's Elastic Modulus were independently associated with DSI. Conversely, plasma MMP-9 activity was associated with DSI (r = 0.53; P < 0.001) as well as with common carotid systolic diameter (r = 0.33; P < 0.05) and Young's Elastic Modulus (r = 0.38; P < 0.01). In conclusion, sodium intake is associated with carotid alterations in hypertensive adults independently of systemic hemodynamic variables. The present findings also suggest that increased MMP-9 activity might play a role in sodium-induced vascular remodeling.
Because of volatilization and leaching from their application in consumer and personal care products, phthalate esters are ubiquitous contaminants in the indoor environment. In this study, we measured concentrations and profiles of 9 phthalate esters in indoor dust samples collected from six cities in China (n = 75). For comparison, we also analyzed samples collected from Albany, New York, USA (n = 33). The results indicated that concentrations, except for dicyclohexyl phthalate (DCHP) and bis(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), and profiles of phthalate esters varied significantly between the two countries. Concentrations of diethyl phthalate (DEP), di-n-hexyl phthalate (DNHP), and benzyl butyl phthalate (BzBP) were 5 to 10 times higher in dust samples collected from Albany than those from the Chinese cities. In contrast, concentrations of di-iso-butyl phthalate (DIBP) in dust samples from Albany were 5 times lower than those from the Chinese cities. We estimated the daily intake (DI) of phthalate esters through the routes of dust ingestion and dermal dust absorption. The extent of contribution of indoor dust to human exposures varied, depending on the type of phthalate esters. The contribution of dust to DEHP exposure was 2-5% and 10-58% of the estimated total DIs in China and the USA, respectively. On the basis of the estimates of total DIs of phthalates, extrapolated from urinary metabolite concentrations, the contributions of inhalation, dermal absorption, and dietary intake to total DIs were estimated. The results indicated that dietary intake is the main source of exposure to DEHP (especially in China), whereas dermal exposure was a major source for DEP. This is the first study to elucidate sources of human exposure to phthalates among the general population in China.
OBJECTIVE: Both spatial variability and temporal variability of skin blood flow are high. Laser speckle contrast imagers (LSCI) allow non-contact, real-time recording of cutaneous blood flow on large skin surfaces. Thereafter, the observer can define different sizes for the region of interest (ROI) in the images to decrease spatial variability and different durations over which the blood flow values are averaged (time of interest, TOI) to decrease temporal variability. We aimed to evaluate the impact of the choices of ROI and TOI on the analysis of rest blood flow and post occlusive reactive hyperemia (PORH). METHODS: Cutaneous blood flow (CBF) was assessed at rest and during PORH. Three different sizes of ROI (1mm(2), 10mm(2) and 100mm(2)), and three different TOI (CBF averaged over 1s, 15s, and 30s for rest, and over 1s, 5s and 10s for PORH peak) were evaluated. Inter-subjects and intra-subjects coefficient of variations (inter-CV and intra-CV) were studied. RESULTS: The inter-subject variability of CBF is about 25% at rest and is moderately improved when the size of the ROI increases (inter-CV=31%, for 1s and 1mm(2) versus inter-CV=23%, for 15s and 100mm(2)). However, increasing the TOI does not improve the results. The variability of the PORH peak is lower with an inter-CV varying between 11.4% (10s and 100mm(2)) and 21.6% (5s and 1mm(2)). The lowest intra-CV for the CBF at rest was 7.3% (TOI of 15s on a ROI of 100mm(2)) and was 3.1% for the PORH peak (TOI of 10s on a ROI of 100mm(2)). CONCLUSION: We suggest that a size of ROI larger than 10mm(2) and a TOI longer than 1s are required to reduce the variability of CBF measurements both at rest and during PORH peak evaluations at the forearm level. Many technical aspects such as comparison of laser speckle contrast imaging and laser Doppler imaging or the effect of skin to head distance on recorded values with LCSI are required to improve future studies using this fascinating clinical tool. 
BACKGROUND: Whether lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), including voiding, storage, and urinary incontinence, are affected by dietary micronutrients is uncertain. OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that carotenoid, vitamin C, zinc, and calcium intakes are associated with LUTS and urinary incontinence in women. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: During an observational, cross-sectional, population-based epidemiologic study of 2060 women (30-79 yr of age) in the Boston Area Community Health (BACH) survey (2002-2005), data were collected by validated food frequency questionnaire and in-person interviews and analyzed using multivariate regression. MEASUREMENTS: LUTS, storage, and voiding symptoms were assessed using the American Urological Association Symptom Index (AUASI) and a validated severity index for urinary incontinence. RESULTS AND LIMITATIONS: Women who consumed high-dose vitamin C from diet and supplements were more likely to report storage symptoms, especially combined frequency and urgency ( 500 vs < 50mg/d; odds ratio [OR]: 3.42; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.44-8.12). However, greater consumption of dietary vitamin C or -cryptoxanthin was inversely associated with voiding symptoms (p(trend)  0.01). Both dietary and supplemental calcium were positively associated with storage symptoms (eg, supplement  1000 mg/d vs none; OR: 2.04; 95% CI, 1.35-3.09; p(trend)=0.0002). No consistent associations were observed for -carotene, lycopene, or other carotenoids, although smokers using -carotene supplements were more likely to report storage problems. Whether the observed associations represent direct causes of diet on LUTS is uncertain. CONCLUSIONS: High-dose intakes of vitamin C and calcium were positively associated with urinary storage or incontinence, whereas vitamin C and -cryptoxanthin from foods and beverages were inversely associated with voiding symptoms. Results indicate that micronutrient intakes may contribute to LUTS in dose-dependent and symptom-specific ways. Further study is needed to confirm these findings and their relevance to clinical treatment decisions. 
A sensitive and selective method for the trace determination of 3, 3', 4, 4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl (PCB77) by using bovine serum albumin (BSA) as a fluorescence probe was introduced. Under optimum conditions, the enhanced fluorescence intensity was proportional to the concentration of polychlorinated biphenyls in the range of 8.910(-8)-5.010(-6)mol L(-1) for PCB77, and 5.010(-7)-5.010(-6)mol L(-1) for 2, 2', 5, 5'-tetrachlorbiphenyl (PCB52). The detection limits (S/N = 3) of PCB77 and PCB52 were 2.610(-8)mol L(-1) and 2.910(-7)mol L(-1), respectively. Furthermore, the fluorescence enhancement mechanism was discussed in detail. Results indicated that fluorescence enhancement of the system originated from the formation of BSA-PCBs complexes. In addition, PCBs were mainly bound to the tyrosine residues in BSA molecules.
BACKGROUND: The interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra) is the principal determinant of IL-1 bioactivity within the IL-1 gene cluster, regulating IL-1 and IL-1 release. This study was designed to determine whether polymorphisms of the IL-1Ra gene (IL1RN) produce clinically measurable differences in serum IL-1Ra concentrations and opioid consumption in the postoperative period. METHODS: Opioid consumption and pain scores were evaluated in 96 patients undergoing a nephrectomy. DNA was extracted from all patients, and the genotypes of IL1RN were determined by polymerase chain reaction amplification of the variable number of tandem repeats of 86 base pairs in intron 2 of IL1RN. The concentrations of serum IL-1Ra concentrations at baseline and at 24 h postoperatively in 58 subjects were measured. RESULTS: Differences in opioid consumption among the three genotype groups (IL1RN*1 homozygotes and *2 and *3 carriers) were statistically significant in the first and second 12-h postoperative periods (P = 0.010). The IL1RN*2 carrier group consumed 43% (95% CI, 38-48%) less opioids in the first 24 h after surgery than the IL1RN*1 homozygote group (P = 0.003). Differences in the serum IL-1Ra concentration among the three genotype groups were statistically significant at 24 h postoperatively (P = 0.003), with IL1RN*2 carriers having the highest serum IL-1Ra concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: The variable number of tandem repeats in intron 2 of IL1RN may contribute to interindividual variations in opioid consumption in the first 24 h after surgery. Patients homozygous for the IL1RN*1 allele have lower concentrations of IL-1Ra and require higher doses of opioids postoperatively than patients carrying at least one IL1RN*2 allele. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the reproducibility and construct validity of the Questionnaire Based Voiding Diary (QVD) for measuring the type and volume of fluid intake and the type of urinary incontinence. METHODS: 250 women completed the QVD, a 48-hour bladder diary and underwent complete urogynecologic evaluation to determine a final clinical diagnosis. The questionnaire was re-administered after a 2-week period with no change in treatment, and 2-3 months later following treatment of urinary symptoms. RESULTS: The reproducibility of the fluid intake, output, fluid intake behavior and urinary symptom subscales of the QVD was 0.68-0.92. Correlation of the fluid intake scale of the QVD with the 48-hour voiding diary for determining the type and volume of fluid intake was high (r=0.65-0.83, P<0.01). High correlations were noted between the fluid intake behavior scale and urinary frequency (r=0.82, P<.01), urgency (r=0.77, P<.01) and urge incontinence (r=0.71, P<.01). The median total fluid intake and mean urinary symptom score was significantly lower in responders (2074 mL, 10.23.3) than non-responders (2347 mL, 18.54.6). As compared to the final clinical diagnosis, the sensitivity, specificity and positive likelihood ratio of the QVD for the diagnosis of predominant stress urinary incontinence are 86%, 66% and 2.6 and for predominant urge incontinence 82%, 79% and 4.0 respectively. CONCLUSION: The QVD provides clinically meaningful information on the type and volume of fluid intake and the type of urinary incontinence at the initial office visit. 
We conducted a case-control study to evaluate the risk of breast cancer associated with adipose concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) among women undergoing surgical breast biopsies in the San Francisco Bay Area of California (n=78 cases; 56 controls). Adipose tissue was analyzed for the five major congeners of PBDEs. Unconditional logistic regression was used to estimate age- and race-adjusted exposure-specific odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). Adipose levels of PBDEs were among the highest ever reported. Adjusted ORs for the highest compared with lowest levels of exposures were as follows: 0.56 (95% CI 0.19-1.68) for BDE-47; 1.19 (95% CI 0.35-4.10) for BDE-99; 0.91 (95% CI 0.33-2.53) for BDE-100; 0.52 (95% CI 0.19-1.39) for BDE-153; 1.67 (95% CI 0.44-6.29) for BDE-154; 2.04 (95% CI 0.45-9.20) for total BDEs. These results provide no evidence of an association between PBDE adipose concentrations measured at or near the time of diagnosis and breast cancer risk. Our study was limited by a small sample size. Given the high levels of PBDEs found in this population of California women, future studies are warranted. Such studies would benefit from a larger sample size, a more representative control series, and/or a prospective design.
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to characterize the PAH exposure level based on 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) in urine of Polish pregnant women and to assess the relationship between PAH and factors such as smoking, environmental tobacco smoke exposure, place of residence, heating and cooking method. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study population included in this analysis consisted of 449 pregnant women who had been the subjects of the prospective Polish Mother and Child Cohort study performed in 8 regions of Poland. The women were interviewed three times during pregnancy (once in each trimester). 1-HP concentration in urine was chosen as the biomarker of exposure to PAH. The urine sample was analysed using high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The active and passive smoking exposure was verified by saliva cotinine, analysed by high performance liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MSMS) and isotope dilution method. RESULTS: 1-HP concentration in urine ranged from 0.02 to 10.2 g/g creatinine with the geometric mean (GM) 0.4 g/g creatinine. The significantly higher concentration of urinary 1-HP in pregnant women was observed for summer collection (GM ratio: 1.1; p = 0.01), among smokers (GM ratio: 1.7; p < 0.001) and for the women living in big cities (GM ratio: 1.3; p = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The significantly higher concentration of urinary 1-HP in pregnant women was observed for summer collection, among smokers and those living in big cities. 
Ultra performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) provides improved resolution, speed and sensitivity compared to conventional high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). In this study, a robust UPLC-ESI-MS/MS method was developed for the rapid determination of nine hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers (OH-PBDEs) in rat plasma. Under the optimized conditions, the OH-PBDE congeners were eluted within 7.0 min. The limits of quantification defined at the signal-to-noise ratio of 10 were 0.17-2.78 ng/mL in rat plasma. The method provided good linearity for the calibration curves with recoveries of 93.3-114.0% and repeatability with relative standard deviation (RSD) of 0.6-5.8% for intra-day and 3.2-10.4% for inter-day measurements. The developed method was applied for supporting the pharmacokinetics investigation of 6-OH-BDE-47 in two groups of Sprague-Dawley rats that received, respectively a single dose of 0.60 mg/kg (high dose) and 0.15 mg/kg (low dose) by intravenous injection. The results showed that plasma levels of 6-OH-BDE-47 declined bi-exponentially with elimination half-life of 71.7 and 85.6 min for lower and higher dose group, respectively. The obtained results of short elimination half-life suggested that 6-OH-BDE-47 might not accumulate significantly in rat.
BACKGROUND: Measuring dietary intake in children is notoriously difficult. Therefore, it is crucial to evaluate the performance of dietary intake assessment methods in children. Given the important contribution of milk consumption to calcium (Ca) and potassium (K) intakes, urinary calcium (UCa) and potassium (UK) excretions in spot urine samples could be used for estimating correlations with milk consumption frequencies. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the assessment of milk consumption frequencies derived from the Food Frequency Questionnaire section of the Children's Eating Habits Questionnaire (CEHQ-FFQ) used in the IDEFICS (Identification and prevention of dietary- and lifestyle induced health effects in children and infants) study by comparing with UCa and UK excretions in spot urine samples. DESIGN: This study was conducted as a setting-based community-oriented intervention study and results from the first cross-sectional survey have been included in the analysis. SUBJECTS: A total of 10,309 children aged 2-10 years from eight European countries are included in this analysis. METHODS: UCa and UK excretions were measured in morning spot urine samples. Calcium and potassium urine concentrations were standardised for urinary creatinine (Cr) excretion. Ratios of UCa/Cr and UK/Cr were used for multivariate regression analyses after logarithmic transformation to obtain normal distributions of data. Milk consumption frequencies were obtained from the CEHQ-FFQ. Multivariate regression analyses were used to investigate the effect of milk consumption frequencies on UCa and UK concentrations, adjusting for age, gender, study centre, soft drink consumption and frequency of main meals consumed at home. RESULTS: A significant positive correlation was found between milk consumption frequencies and ratios of UK/Cr and a weaker but still significant positive correlation with ratios of UCa/Cr, when using crude or partial Spearman's correlations. Multivariate regression analyses showed that milk consumption frequencies were predictive of UCa/Cr and UK/Cr ratios, when adjusted for age, gender, study centre, soft drink consumption and frequency of main meals consumed at home. Mean ratios of UK/Cr for increasing milk consumption frequency tertiles showed a progressive increase in UK/Cr. Children consuming at least two milk servings per day had significantly higher mean UCa/Cr and UK/Cr ratios than children who did not. Large differences in correlations between milk consumption frequencies and ratios of UCa/Cr and UK/Cr were found between the different study centres. CONCLUSION: Higher milk consumption frequencies resulted in a progressive increase in UK/Cr and UCa/Cr ratios, reflecting the higher Ca and K intakes that coincide with increasing milk consumption, which constitutes a major K and Ca source in children's diet. 
BACKGROUND: Airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are widespread urban pollutants that can bind to DNA to form PAH-DNA adducts. Prenatal PAH exposure measured by personal monitoring has been linked to cognitive deficits in childhood in a prospective study conducted by the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health. OBJECTIVES: We measured PAH-DNA and other bulky aromatic adducts in umbilical cord white blood cells using the 32P-postlabeling assay to determine the association between this molecular dosimeter and behavioral/attention problems in childhood. METHODS: Children born to nonsmoking African-American and Dominican women residing in New York City (NYC) were followed from in utero to 7-8 years of age. At two time points before 8 years of age (mean ages, 4.8 years and 7 years), child behavior was assessed using the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL). To estimate and test the association between adducts and behavioral outcomes, both CBCL continuous raw scores and dichotomized T-scores were analyzed. RESULTS: Higher cord adducts were associated with higher symptom scores of Anxious/Depressed at 4.8 years and Attention Problems at 4.8 and 7 years, and with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition-oriented Anxiety Problems at 4.8 years. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that PAH exposure, measured by DNA adducts, may adversely affect child behavior, potentially affecting school performance. 
UNLABELLED: OBJECTVIE: In the elderly, vitamin D deficit, low calcium intake, and impaired bone microarchitecture are associated with higher risk of hip fracture. We assessed the association of bone microarchitecture with calcium intake and serum concentrations of 25-hydroxycholecalciferol (25OHD) and parathyroid hormone (PTH) in men. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis was performed in 1064 men aged 20-87 years not taking vitamin D or calcium supplements. METHODS: Daily calcium intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Bone microarchitecture was assessed at distal radius and tibia by high-resolution peripheral quantitative computed tomography. We measured serum and urinary levels of biochemical bone turnover markers (BTMs). Statistical models were adjusted for age, weight, height, and glomerular filtration rate. RESULTS: In 500 men aged <65 years, lower 25OHD levels and low calcium intake were associated with lower trabecular volumetric bone mineral density (Dtrab) at the distal tibia, due to lower trabecular number (Tb.N). Low calcium intake was associated with lower cortical thickness (Ct.Th). Higher PTH level was associated with higher BTM levels. In 563 men aged 65 years, the highest PTH quartile was associated with lower Ct.Th (tibia), lower Dtrab (both sites), and lower Tb.N (radius) compared with the lowest quartile. Low calcium intake was associated with lower Tb.N and more heterogenous trabecular distribution. BTM positively correlated with the PTH concentration. CONCLUSION: In older men, elevated PTH concentration is associated with high bone turnover, poor trabecular microarchitecture (radius and tibia), and, at the distal tibia, lower Ct.Th. Low calcium intake is associated with lower Tb.N and more heterogenous trabecular distribution. 
BACKGROUND: Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE), which are used as flame retardants, have been found to be higher in residents of California than of other parts of the United States. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to investigate the role of immigration to California on PBDE levels in Latino children. METHODS: We compared serum PBDE concentrations in a population of first-generation Mexican-American 7-year-old children (n = 264), who were born and raised in California [Center for Health Analysis of Mothers and Children of Salinas (CHAMACOS) study], with 5-year-old Mexican children (n = 283), who were raised in the states in Mexico where most CHAMACOS mothers had originated (Proyecto Mariposa). RESULTS: On average, PBDE serum concentrations in the California Mexican-American children were three times higher than their mothers' levels during pregnancy and seven times higher than concentrations in the children living in Mexico. The PBDE serum concentrations were higher in the Mexican-American children regardless of length of time their mother had resided in California or the duration of the child's breast-feeding. These data suggest that PBDE serum concentrations in these children resulted primarily from postnatal exposure. CONCLUSIONS: Latino children living in California have much higher PBDE serum levels than their Mexican counterparts. Given the growing evidence documenting potential health effects of PBDE exposure, the levels in young children noted in this study potentially present a major public health challenge, especially in California. In addition, as PBDEs are being phased out and replaced by other flame retardants, the health consequences of these chemical replacements should be investigated and weighed against their purported fire safety benefits. 
BACKGROUND: Evidence for an association between exposure during pregnancy to trihalomethanes (THMs) in drinking water and impaired fetal growth is still inconsistent and inconclusive, in particular, for various exposure routes. We examined the relationship of individual exposures to THMs in drinking water on low birth weight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA), and birth weight (BW) in singleton births. METHODS: We conducted a cohort study of 4,161 pregnant women in Kaunas (Lithuania), using individual information on drinking water, ingestion, showering and bathing, and uptake factors of THMs in blood, to estimate an internal dose of THM. We used regression analysis to evaluate the relationship between internal THM dose and birth outcomes, adjusting for family status, education, smoking, alcohol consumption, body mass index, blood pressure, ethnic group, previous preterm, infant gender, and birth year. RESULTS: The estimated internal dose of THMs ranged from 0.0025 to 2.40 mg/d. We found dose-response relationships for the entire pregnancy and trimester-specific THM and chloroform internal dose and risk for LBW and a reduction in BW. The adjusted odds ratio for third tertile vs. first tertile chloroform internal dose of entire pregnancy was 2.17, 95% CI 1.19-3.98 for LBW; the OR per every 0.1 g/d increase in chloroform internal dose was 1.10, 95% CI 1.01-1.19. Chloroform internal dose was associated with a slightly increased risk of SGA (OR 1.19, 95% CI 0.87-1.63 and OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.89-1.68, respectively, for second and third tertile of third trimester); the risk increased by 4% per every 0.1 g/d increase in chloroform internal dose (OR 1.04, 95% CI 1.00-1.09). CONCLUSIONS: THM internal dose in pregnancy varies substantially across individuals, and depends on both water THM levels and water use habits. Increased internal dose may affect fetal growth. 
BACKGROUND: The increase in the burden of chronic diseases linked to the nutrition transition and associated dietary and lifestyle changes is of growing concern in south and east Mediterranean countries and adolescents are at the forefront of these changes. This study assessed dietary intake and association with socio-economic factors and health outcomes among adolescents in Tunisia. METHODS: Cross-sectional survey (year 2005); 1019 subjects 15-19 y. from a clustered random sample. Dietary intake was assessed by a validated semi-quantitative frequency questionnaire (134 items) as was physical activity; the Diet Quality Index International measured diet quality; dietary patterns were derived by multiple correspondence analysis from intakes of 43 food groups. Body Mass Index (BMI)  85th and 95th percentile defined overweight and obesity. Waist Circumference (WC) assessed abdominal fat. High blood pressure was systolic (SBP) or diastolic blood pressure (DBP)  90th of the international reference for 15-17 y., and SBP/DBP  120/80 mm Hg for 18-19 y. RESULTS: Energy intake levels were quite high, especially for females. The macro-nutrient structure was close to recommendations but only 38% had a satisfactory diet quality. A main traditional to modern dietary gradient, linked to urbanisation and increased economic level, featured an increasing consumption of white bread, dairy products, sugars, added fats and fruits and decreasing consumption of oils, grains, legumes and vegetables; regarding nutrients this modern diet score featured a decreasing relationship with total fat and an increase of calcium intake, but with an increase of energy, sugars and saturated fat, while vitamin C, potassium and fibre decreased. Adjusted for age, energy and physical activity, this modern pattern was associated with increased overweight in males (2nd vs. 1st tertile: Prevalence Odds-Ratio (POR) = 4.0[1.7-9.3], 3rd vs. 1st: POR = 3.3[1.3-8.7]) and a higher WC. Adjusting also for BMI and WC, among females, it was associated with decreased prevalence of high blood pressure (2nd vs. 1st tertile: POR = 0.5[0.3-0.8], 3rd vs. 1st tertile: POR = 0.4[0.2-0.8]). CONCLUSION: The dietary intake contrasts among Tunisian adolescents, linked to socio-economic differentials are characteristic of a nutrition transition situation. The observed gradient of modernisation of dietary intake features associations with several nutrients involving a higher risk of chronic diseases but might have not only negative characteristics regarding health outcomes. 
There are concerns that weight-loss (WL) diets based on very low carbohydrate (LC) intake have a negative impact on antioxidant status and biomarkers of cardiovascular and metabolic health. Obese men (n 16) participated in a randomised, cross-over design diet trial, with food provided daily, at approximately 8.3 MJ/d (approximately 70 % of energy maintenance requirements). They were provided with two high-protein diets (30 % of energy), each for a 4-week period, involving a LC (4 % carbohydrate) and a moderate carbohydrate (MC, 35 % carbohydrate) content. Body weight was measured daily, and weekly blood samples were collected. On average, subjects lost 6.75 and 4.32 kg of weight on the LC and MC diets, respectively (P < 0.001, SED 0.350). Although the LC and MC diets were associated with a small reduction in plasma concentrations of retinol, vitamin E (-tocopherol) and -cryptoxanthin (P < 0.005), these were still above the values indicative of deficiency. Interestingly, plasma vitamin C concentrations increased on consumption of the LC diet (P < 0.05). Plasma markers of insulin resistance (P < 0.001), lipaemia and inflammation (P < 0.05, TNF- and IL-10) improved similarly on both diets. There was no change in other cardiovascular markers with WL. The present data suggest that a LC WL diet does not impair plasma indices of cardiometabolic health, at least within 4 weeks, in otherwise healthy obese subjects. In general, improvements in metabolic health associated with WL were similar between the LC and MC diets. Antioxidant supplements may be warranted if LC WL diets are consumed for a prolonged period.
DHA (22 : 6n-3) in pregnancy has previously been shown to benefit infant brain and retinal development. Fatty acid consumption during pregnancy may also have an impact on infant adipose tissue development. The objective of the present study was to assess the prenatal impact of a DHA-containing functional food (DHA-FF) on infant intra-uterine growth. This was a longitudinal, randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial. Pregnant women were assigned to consume a DHA-FF or placebo bar from 24 weeks' gestation until delivery. Blood samples were collected from mothers at baseline and delivery and from the umbilical cord at delivery. Plasma and erythrocyte fatty acids were analysed by GLC and plasma insulin concentrations were analysed using a commercially available ELISA kit. Infant birth weight and length were obtained at delivery and ponderal index (weight (g)/length (cm)3  100) was calculated. A total of forty-seven mothers completed the study. Infants of mothers consuming the DHA-FF during the last half of pregnancy had lower ponderal indices ( = 0.198, P < 0.05) and umbilical cord blood insulin concentrations ( = 0.743, P < 0.05) than infants of mothers consuming the placebo. Thus, DHA consumption during pregnancy may be advantageous with respect to infant body composition at birth and insulin sensitivity.
Recent studies have suggested a beneficial effect of vitamin D and calcium on adipocyte metabolism and the metabolic profile. Our objective was to examine associations of vitamin D intake, calcium and dairy products as well as serum 25(OH)D concentration with adiposity measures and adipocyte size in women. Omental and subcutaneous adipose tissue samples were obtained from 43 women undergoing gynecological surgeries. Adipocyte size was measured using adipocyte suspensions from collagenase-digested fat tissues. Total and visceral adiposity were assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography, respectively. Serum 25(OH)D was measured by radioimmmunoassay. Dietary intakes were assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Women consuming two or more dairy product portions daily had smaller adipocytes in the omental depot compared to women consuming less than two portions daily (79  12 vs. 94  16 m, P  0.01). Dietary intakes of calcium (r = -0.55) and vitamin D (r = -0.43) as well as serum 25(OH)D (r = -0.35) were also inversely and significantly associated with omental adipocyte size (P  0.05 for all). Dietary vitamin D intake was inversely associated with visceral adipose tissue area (r = -0.34, P  0.05). Serum 25(OH)D was also inversely associated with visceral adipose tissue area (r = -0.32) as well as with total adipose tissue area (r = -0.44), subcutaneous adipose tissue area (r = -0.36), BMI (r =-0.43) and total body fat mass (r = -0.41, P  0.05 for all). In conclusion, elevated dietary vitamin D intake and serum 25(OH)D values are related to lower visceral adiposity and omental adipocyte size in women.
The AHR pathway activates transcription of CYP1A and mediates most toxic responses from exposure to halogenated aromatic hydrocarbon contaminants such as PCBs and PCDD/Fs. Therefore, expression of CYP1A is predictive of most higher level toxic responses from these chemicals. To date, no study had developed an assay to quantify CYP1A expression in any sturgeon species. We addressed this deficiency by partially characterizing CYP1A in Atlantic sturgeon (Acipenser oxyrinchus oxyrinchus) and shortnose sturgeon (Acipenser brevirostrum) and then used derived sturgeon sequences to develop reverse transcriptase (RT)-PCR assays to quantify CYP1A mRNA expression in TCDD and PCB126 treated early life-stages of both species. Phylogenetic analysis of CYP1A, CYP1B, CYP1C and CYP3A deduced amino acid sequences from other fishes and sturgeons revealed that our putative Atlantic sturgeon and shortnose sturgeon CYP1A sequences most closely clustered with previously derived CYP1A sequences. We then used semi-quantitative and real-time RT-PCR to measure CYP1A mRNA levels in newly hatched Atlantic sturgeon and shortnose sturgeon larvae that were exposed to graded doses of waterborne PCB126 (0.01-1000 parts per billion (ppb)) and TCDD (0.001-10 ppb). We initially observed significant induction of CYP1A mRNA compared to vehicle control at the lowest doses of PCB126 and TCDD used, 0.01 ppb and 0.001 ppb, respectively. Significant induction was observed at all doses of both chemicals although lower expression was seen at the highest doses. We also compared CYP1A expression among tissues of i.p. injected shortnose sturgeon and found significant inducibility in heart, intestine, and liver, but not in blood, gill, or pectoral fin clips. For the first time, our results indicate that young life-stages of sturgeons are sensitive to AHR ligands at environmentally relevant concentrations, however, it is yet to be determined if induction of CYP1A can be used as a biomarker in environmental biomonitoring.
Breast milk has been widely used as a bioindicator to assess the extent of human exposure to PBDEs via various exposure routes. In this study, 48 breast milk samples were collected from primiparous women in Shanghai city, and 14 PBDEs congeners (BDE-28, -47, -99, -100, -153, -154, -183, -196, -197, -203, -206, -207, -208, and -209) were quantified using gas chromatography-electron capture negative ionization-mass spectrometry. The mean concentration of total PBDEs was 8.6 ng/g lipid weight, and ranged from 1.8 to 26.7 ng/g lipid weight. These concentration levels were similar to those reported in Europe and Asia, but one order of magnitude lower than those in North America. The congener profiles in this study exhibited a specific pattern in human milk found worldwide, BDE-153 and BDE-28 accounted for a relatively higher proportion of lower brominated BDEs (from tri- to hepta-BDEs), whereas higher brominated BDEs (from octa- to deca-BDEs) contributed more than 70% of the total PBDEs. The Spearman's correlation coefficient among higher brominated BDEs showed a positive relationship, and concentration levels of higher brominated BDEs were statistically different between office workers and housewives. Due to relatively higher proportion of PBDEs from octa- to deca-BDEs were detected, air inhalation and dust ingestion might be the major exposure routes of higher brominated BDEs. Further research is needed to clarify the major exposure route of higher brominated BDEs to humans.
The importance of dietary intake in the treatment of type 2 diabetes was emphasized. This study was performed to investigate the dietary intakes of Korean type 2 diabetes patients according to the treatment and duration of diabetes and to examine the relationships between their diet and serum lipid profiles. The subjects were 111 type 2 diabetic patients who were treated by medical nutrition therapy only, oral hypoglycemic agents (OHA), or insulin with medical nutrition therapy. Dietary intake was assessed by a registered dietitian using semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaires. Comparisons according to treatment type were made using covariance analyses. General linear models identified the independent effects of the different treatments after covarying for age, duration of diabetes, and 2-way interactions. There were no significant differences in age and BMI but was in duration of diabetes according to treatment type in these subjects. Carbohydrate to energy ratio was higher in the OHA group (P < 0.05), whereas the fat to energy ratio was higher in the insulin group for males (P < 0.05). Carbohydrate (R(2) = 0.24, P = 0.005) and fat (R(2) = 0.26, P = 0.02) to energy ratios were independently associated with the duration of diabetes after covarying for age, sex, treatment, and 2-way interactions. The levels of triglyceride (TG; R(2) = 0.32, P = 0.02) and total cholesterol (TC) were associated independently with energy intake and the carbohydrate (R(2) = 0.15, P = 0.02) and fat (R(2) = 0.15, P = 0.01) to energy ratios, respectively. The concern that the independent association of dietary intake with either duration of diabetes or dietary factors affects blood lipid levels could suggest that specific dietary recommendations may work better for identifiable groups of diabetes patients.
The presence of mast cells has been reported in all classes of vertebrates, including many teleost fish families. The mast cells of teleosts, both morphologically and functionally, show a close similarity to the mast cells of mammals. Mast cells of teleosts, localized in the vicinity of blood vessels of the intestine, gills and skin, may play an important role in the mechanisms of inflammatory response, because they express a number of functional proteins, including piscidins, which are antimicrobical peptides that act against a broad-spectrum of pathogens. An increase in the number of mast cells in various tissues and organs of teleosts seems to be linked to a wide range of stressful conditions, such as exposure to heavy metals (cadmium, copper, lead and mercury), exposure to herbicides and parasitic infections. This study analyzed the morphological localization and abundance of mast cells in the intestine and gills of sea bream, Sparus aurata, after a 12, 24 or 72 h exposure to PCB 126, a polychlorinated biphenyl, which is a potent immunotoxic agent. In the organs of fish exposed to PCB 126, it was observed that in addition to congestion of blood vessels, there was extravasation of red blood cells, infiltration of lymphocytes, and a progressive increase in numbers of mast cells. These data confirm the immunotoxic action of PCB, and the involvement of mast cells in the inflammatory response.
BACKGROUND: Phthalates have been identified as endocrine active compounds associated with developmental and reproductive toxicity. The exposure to phthalates in premenstrual Egyptian females remains unknown. The objective of this study was to characterize phthalate exposure of a potentially vulnerable population of premenstrual girls from urban and rural Egypt. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We collected one spot urine sample from 60 10-13 year old females, 30 from rural Egypt, and 30 from urban Egypt from July to October 2009. Samples were analyzed for 11 phthalate metabolites. Additionally, we collected anthropometrics as well as questionnaire data concerning food storage behaviors, cooking practices, and cosmetic use. Phthalate metabolite concentrations were compared between urban and rural Egyptians as well as to age and gender matched Americans. RESULTS: Monoethyl phthalate (MEP), was detected at the highest concentration in urine of Egyptian girls (median: 43.2 ng/mL in rural, 98.8 ng/mL in urban). Concentrations of urinary metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and dibutyl phthalate were comparable between Egyptians and age matched US girls. Storage of food in plastic containers was a statistically significant predictor of urinary mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP) concentrations when comparing covariate adjusted means. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites were similar in Egyptian and US populations, suggesting that phthalate exposure also occurs in developing nations. Dietary intake is likely an important route of exposure to phthalates in both urban and rural populations. 
We investigated the possible association between the sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c gene (SREBP-1c) rs2297508 polymorphism and the changes in lipid profiles in a high-carbohydrate and low-fat (high-CHO/LF) diet in a Chinese population well characterized by a lower incidence of coronary heart disease and a diet featuring higher carbohydrate and lower fat. Fifty-six healthy youth (aged 22.89 1.80years) were given wash-out diets of 31% fat and 54% carbohydrate for 7days, followed by the high-CHO/LF diet of 15% fat and 70% carbohydrate for 6days, without total energy restriction. Fasting blood samples were collected. Serum variables of lipid and glucose metabolism after the wash-out and high-CHO/LF diets, as well as the rs2297508 polymorphism, were analyzed. Compared with the male subjects on the wash-out diet, significantly elevated levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and decreased levels of apolipoprotein B-100 were observed in the male carriers of the C allele after the high-CHO/LF diet. In the female subjects, significantly increased triacylglycerol levels, insulin, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were found in the GG genotype after the high-CHO/LF diet. These results suggest that the C allele of the rs2297508 polymorphism is associated with a retardation of the increases in serum triacylglycerol, serum insulin, and HOMA-IR in females and with the elevated serum HDL-C in males after the high-CHO/LF diet.
BACKGROUND: Chronic hemodialysis (HD) patients suffer from an appallingly high cardiovascular mortality. During HD, patients are exposed to dialysate glucose, which may alter blood glucose levels and thus exert effects on the autonomic nervous system. Heart rate variability (HRV) is an established indicator of autonomic nervous system activity and a predictor of cardiovascular outcomes. This study investigated the effects of two commonly used dialysate glucose concentrations [100 mg/dl (HD100), and 200 mg/dl (HD200)] on HRV in chronic HD patients. METHODS: In this prospective, randomized, controlled, single-masked, cross-over trial, subjects were randomized to receive HD100 or HD200 for a period of 3 weeks followed by a cross-over to the respective other dialysate (www.clinicaltrials.gov #NCT00618033). Blood glucose and insulin levels were measured before and after HD. Intradialytic Holter electrocardiograms were recorded and HRV time domain, frequency domain and complexity parameters analyzed. RESULTS: Twenty-three HD patients (age 56  12 years, 11 male, 14 black, 11 with diabetes) were studied. Diabetic subjects showed significantly higher serum glucose levels with HD200 as compared to HD100 (HD100: 146  48 mg/dl; HD200: 192  57 mg/dl; p < 0.01); this hyperglycemia was accompanied by an increase of the high-frequency band of HRV (p = 0.019), a reflection of increased parasympathetic activity. HRV did not change in nondiabetic subjects. CONCLUSION: In diabetic subjects, the use of HD200 increased vagal tone. Given the importance of sympathetic activation to counteract intradialytic hypotension, our findings support the use of HD100 in diabetic HD patients. 
A reliance on self-reported dietary intake measures is a common research limitation, thus the need for dietary biomarkers. Added-sugar intake may play a role in the development and progression of obesity and related comorbidities; common sweeteners include corn and sugar cane derivatives. These plants contain a high amount of C, a naturally occurring stable carbon isotope. Consumption of these sweeteners, of which sugar-sweetened beverages are the primary dietary source, might be reflected in the C value of blood. Fingerstick blood represents an ideal substrate for bioassay because of its ease of acquisition. The objective of this investigation was to determine if the C value of fingerstick blood is a potential biomarker of added-sugar and sugar-sweetened beverage intake. Individuals aged 21 years and older (n = 60) were recruited to attend three laboratory visits; assessments completed at each visit depended upon a randomly assigned sequence (sequence one or two). The initial visit included assessment of height, weight, and dietary intake (sequence one: beverage intake questionnaire, sequence two: 4-day food intake record). Sequence one participants completed a food intake record at visit two, and nonfasting blood samples were obtained via routine fingersticks at visits one and three. Sequence two participants completed a beverage intake questionnaire at visit two, and provided fingerstick blood samples at visits two and three. Samples were analyzed for C value using natural abundance stable isotope mass spectrometry. C value was compared to dietary outcomes in all participants, as well as among those in the highest and lowest tertile of added-sugar intake. Reported mean added-sugar consumption was 66  5 g/day, and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption was 330  53 g/day and 134  25 kcal/day. Mean fingerstick C value was -19.94  0.10, which differed by body mass index status. C value was associated (all P < 0.05) with intake of total added sugars (g, r = 0.37; kcal, r = 0.37), soft drinks (g, r = 0.26; kcal, r = 0.27), and total sugar-sweetened beverage (g, r = 0.28; kcal, r = 0.35). The C value in the lowest and the highest added-sugar intake tertiles were significantly different (mean difference = -0.48; P = 0.028). Although there are several potential dietary sources for blood carbon, the C value of fingerstick blood shows promise as a noninvasive biomarker of added-sugar and sugar-sweetened beverage intake based on these findings.
In the past, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) have been widely used and were distributed in the environment. Due to their high persistence and bioaccumulative potential, they can still be detected in the blood of the general population, despite their ban more than 20 years ago. Among the various congeners, the presence of dioxin-like PCBs in blood raises the highest environmental concerns due to their critical toxicological properties. We determined the plasma concentrations of 6 non-dioxin-like and 12 dioxin-like PCBs as well as the organochlorine pesticides HCB and p,p'-DDE (p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene) in a group of 105 non-smokers out of the German general population by GC/MS as an estimate of the background burden to these compounds. The organochlorine compounds were extracted from plasma with n-hexane, cleaned up on a silica gel column and finally quantified using GC/MS and (13)C(12)-labelled internal standards. The limit of detection for all congeners was determined to be 0.01 g/Lplasma. Age had a strong influence on the plasma levels of HCB (hexachlorobenzene), p,p'-DDE and all higher chlorinated PCB congeners, while no gender difference was observed. Among the dioxin-like PCBs, PCB 118, PCB 156 and PCB 167 were detectable in 74-98% of all samples. Highly significant correlations between several PCB-congeners were observed. Our results provide for the first time volume-based data on the extent of the age-related background burden to dioxin-like PCBs in Germany.
Soybeans are known to protect against osteoporosis, but other legumes frequently consumed in Asia have not been studied to learn if they have a similar protective effect. This study investigated the hypothesis that consumption of soybean, mung bean, cowpea, and adzuki bean has beneficial effects on bone biomarkers in ovariectomized rats. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were either sham operated (sham; n = 7) or surgically ovariectomized and then fed a regular AIN-93M diet (OVX; n = 7) or AIN-93M containing soybean (n = 7), mung bean (n = 7), cowpea (n = 7), or adzuki beans (n = 7) for 10 weeks. No bean consumption significantly altered the body, subcutaneous fat, or uterus weight; however, consumption significantly increased the serum calcium/phosphorous ratio and decreased urinary calcium excretion compared with those of the OVX group. Serum concentration of 17-estradiol was significantly lower in the OVX group compared with that of the sham group and was lowest in the group fed OVX diet containing soybean. Serum osteocalcin concentration was significantly higher in all OVX rats given a diet with beans compared with the same diet without, but urinary deoxypyridinoline excretion was lowest in the group fed OVX diet containing cowpea. There were no significant differences in bone mineral density or bone mineral content of the right femur, tibia, or lumbar spine or in the trabecular bone volume of the tibia among the diet groups. In conclusion, the consumption of soybean, mung bean, cowpea, and adzuki bean in OVX rats improved osteocalcin, but only those fed cowpea showed decreased bone resorption biomarker, suggesting that cowpea may have the most protective effect on bone in OVX rats.
BACKGROUND: The change of the way of life and the food practices in Tunisia due inter alia to the improvement of the socioeconomic conditions induced low fuel consumption of food with significant nutritional interest such as those rich in food fibres which have positive effects on the reduction and the prevention of some complications of the metabolic diseases such as the obesity whose prevalence among Tunisian women is increasingly high. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the association between the mean daily fiber intake and anthropometric parameters, the serum lipid profile and the serum glucose concentration among urban Tunisian women. METHODS: We conducted a 7-day food weighing method among 260 women of which 60 are obese (BMI > 30 kg/m(2)). The weighing method was done by trained and experienced workers in the National Institute of Nutrition of Tunisia. All the results were treated with the (Bilnut) software (1991 version) to which a list of 235 special Tunisian foods was added. We calculated their mean daily fiber intake and we prospectively evaluated the correlations between it and the BMI, the waist circumference, total plasma cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglyceridemia and glycaemia. RESULTS: Obese women are found to consume less fiber than non-obese women (21.73  3.25 g/day vs 26.25  2.7 g/day; P<0.0001). Very high and significant correlations were observed between dietary fiber intake and the parameters investigated: BMI (r=-0.709, P<0.0001), waist circumference (r=-0.790; P<0.0001), total plasma cholesterol (r=-0.488; P<0.0001), triglyceridemia (r=-0.741; P<0.0001) and glycaemia (r=-0.557, P<0.0001). However, we find a positive but a non significant correlation with the HDL-cholesterol and the mean daily fiber intake (r=0.309; P=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: This study provides additional support to the inverse association between fiber consumption and weight gain, the serum lipid profiles, the glycaemia and the waist circumference. Our findings emphasizes the relevance of increased the intakes of fiber from varied sources that may help avoid weight gain among obese adults. 
The testicular toxicity of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) has been extensively studied. However, the detailed mechanism is still obscure. In the present study, male C57 mice were treated with different doses of Aroclor 1254 (a commercial PCB mixture) once every 3 days by oral gavage. After exposure to Aroclor 1254 for 50 days, the sperm count decreased in a dose-dependent manner. Cell proliferation and apoptosis are key processes regulating development of the testis, and alterations in these processes may underlie testicular dysgenesis. Our results showed that the germ cell proliferation was inhibited and the apoptosis of the germ cell was induced in a dose-dependent manner after treatment with Aroclor 1254. Although there was no significant change in serum testosterone levels and androgen receptor expression levels after treatment with different dosages of Aroclor 1254, the estradiol levels decreased and the expression of estrogen receptor (ER)  increased in a dose-dependent manner, whereas an elevation of the expression of ER was only observed in the 50g/kg group. The data as a whole suggested that inhibited proliferation and induced apoptosis in germ cells, and a differential regulation of ER, may be involved in the testicular toxicity of PCBs.
The use of most polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) has been restricted in China; however, their use remains a concern because of their adverse effects on human health, especially on fetuses and infants. To date, there is no data regarding the exposure levels of pregnant women to PCBs and OCPs in Shanghai. In order to evaluate PCB and OCP exposure levels and the contribution of dietary habits to these levels, we determined the concentrations of 8 PCBs and 14 OCPs in the umbilical cord blood serum of healthy pregnant women in Shanghai. Dietary habits of the pregnant women were obtained from a self-administered questionnaire. Results showed that p, p'-DDE, HCB and -HCH were the major pollutants present in the serum samples; PCBs were detected in a few samples at low concentrations. Age, weight and body mass index before delivery were positively associated with serum levels of p, p'-DDE and -HCH. Women and their husbands who had higher education levels, higher income levels, tended to have higher levels of p, p'-DDE and -HCH. Spearman correlation analysis results suggested that consumption of foods such as milk, eggs, meat, fish, and shrimp may contribute to higher serum levels of p, p'-DDE and -HCH. Furthermore, multiple linear regression analyses indicated that the age and educational levels of the pregnant women and their intake of fried/flamed food and shellfish were positively associated with -HCH levels, and that the age and educational levels of the pregnant women and their intake of parity, beef, pork, mutton, and shrimp were positively associated with p, p'-DDE levels. This is the first study to investigate the exposure levels of pregnant women to PCBs and OCPs in Shanghai, and it should provide useful information for future related research.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of a 4-week high-saturated fat/high-glycemic index (HIGH) diet with a low-saturated fat/low-glycemic index (LOW) diet on insulin and lipid metabolism, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) markers of Alzheimer disease, and cognition for healthy adults and adults with amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI). DESIGN: Randomized controlled trial. SETTING: Veterans Affairs Medical Center clinical research unit. PARTICIPANTS: Forty-nine older adults (20 healthy adults with a mean [SD] age of 69.3 [7.4] years and 29 adults with aMCI with a mean [SD] age of 67.6 [6.8] years). INTERVENTION: Participants received the HIGH diet (fat, 45% [saturated fat, > 25%]; carbohydrates, 35%-40% [glycemic index, > 70]; and protein, 15%-20%) or the LOW diet (fat, 25%; [saturated fat, < 7%]; carbohydrates, 55%-60% [glycemic index, < 55]; and protein, 15%-20%) for 4 weeks. Cognitive tests, an oral glucose tolerance test, and lumbar puncture were conducted at baseline and during the fourth week of the diet. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The CSF concentrations of -amyloid (A42 and A40), tau protein, insulin, F2-isoprostanes, and apolipoprotein E, plasma lipids and insulin, and measures of cognition. RESULTS: For the aMCI group, the LOW diet increased CSF A42 concentrations, contrary to the pathologic pattern of lowered CSF A42 typically observed in Alzheimer disease. The LOW diet had the opposite effect for healthy adults, ie, decreasing CSF A42, whereas the HIGH diet increased CSF A42. The CSF apolipoprotein E concentration was increased by the LOW diet and decreased by the HIGH diet for both groups. For the aMCI group, the CSF insulin concentration increased with the LOW diet, but the HIGH diet lowered the CSF insulin concentration for healthy adults. The HIGH diet increased and the LOW diet decreased plasma lipids, insulin, and CSF F2-isoprostane concentrations. Delayed visual memory improved for both groups after completion of 4 weeks of the LOW diet. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that diet may be a powerful environmental factor that modulates Alzheimer disease risk through its effects on central nervous system concentrations of A42, lipoproteins, oxidative stress, and insulin. 
PURPOSE: The objectives of this study were to explore the factors influencing urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) levels in diesel engine exhaust emission inspectors (inspectors), the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) exposure and fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) levels in diesel exhaust particles (DEPs), and the PAHs exposure levels in diesel vehicle emission inspection stations (inspection stations). METHODS: Twenty-eight inspectors and a control group of thirty-eight individuals matched by age and gender were recruited for this study. Fifteen ambient air samples and eighty-four personal air samples were monitored during 3-day work periods using a repeated-measures study design in each inspection station. Airborne samples were analyzed with a fluorescence detector and by high-performance liquid chromatography. Urinary 8-OHdG was measured in 168 pre- and post-work urine samples from inspectors, and in 38 urine samples from controls. RESULTS: The concentrations of PAHs in DEP(2.5) (PM(2.5) in DEPs) were significantly and positively related to urinary log(10) 8-OHdG levels after adjusting for smoking status and BMI. Statistically, there was a significant correlation between air log(10) PAHs and air log(10) PM(2.5) concentrations in inspectors. Fifteen PAHs compounds within DEP(2.5) revealed the concentrations ranged from 5.18 to 22.93 ng/m(3) in ambient air monitoring and 1.03 to 12.60 ng/m(3) in personal air monitoring. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to indicate an association between occupational PAHs exposure from DEP(2.5) at an inspection station and an increased excretion of urinary 8-OHdG in inspectors. In addition, this study also found smoking is not a confounder in inspectors exposed to PAHs in DEP(2.5). 
AIMS: We investigated the association between daily sodium intake and each individual component of the metabolic syndrome (MS) as well as the metabolic cluster per se and clarified which of the combinations of MS features is particularly associated with sodium intake. METHODS: A total of 716 subjects from our OPERA (Oulu Project Elucidating Risk of Atherosclerosis) cohort were selected to fill in a food follow-up diary for a 1-week period. The MS was determined using the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. RESULTS: Subjects with the MS used more sodium (P < 0.001), less carbohydrate (P < 0.001), less fibre (P = 0.031), and more alcohol (P < 0.001) than those without the MS. High sodium intake was strongly related to elevated BMI (P = 0.003), waist (P < 0.001), and higher fasting blood glucose (P < 0.001). The subjects with the highest sodium intake suffered more often from type 2 diabetes (P = 0.007). Sodium intake was highest in the group where all the MS criteria were present (P < 0.001). High sodium intake was a statistically significant predictor of the MS in logistic regression analysis (P = 0.009). The highest sodium intake was observed in the IDF criteria combination waist + glucose + blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that a reduction in sodium intake may be especially beneficial in the treatment of individuals with the MS. 
Aromatic amines and heterocyclic aromatic amines (HAAs) are structurally related classes of carcinogens that are formed during the combustion of tobacco or during the high-temperature cooking of meats. Both classes of procarcinogens undergo metabolic activation by N-hydroxylation of the exocyclic amine group to produce a common proposed intermediate, the arylnitrenium ion, which is the critical metabolite implicated in toxicity and DNA damage. However, the biochemistry and chemical properties of these compounds are distinct, and different biomarkers of aromatic amines and HAAs have been developed for human biomonitoring studies. Hemoglobin adducts have been extensively used as biomarkers to monitor occupational and environmental exposures to a number of aromatic amines; however, HAAs do not form hemoglobin adducts at appreciable levels, and other biomarkers have been sought. A number of epidemiologic studies that have investigated dietary consumption of well-done meat in relation to various tumor sites reported a positive association between cancer risk and well-done meat consumption, although some studies have shown no associations between well-done meat and cancer risk. A major limiting factor in most epidemiological studies is the uncertainty in quantitative estimates of chronic exposure to HAAs, and thus, the association of HAAs formed in cooked meat and cancer risk has been difficult to establish. There is a critical need to establish long-term biomarkers of HAAs that can be implemented in molecular epidemioIogy studies. In this review, we highlight and contrast the biochemistry of several prototypical carcinogenic aromatic amines and HAAs to which humans are chronically exposed. The biochemical properties and the impact of polymorphisms of the major xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes on the biological effects of these chemicals are examined. Lastly, the analytical approaches that have been successfully employed to biomonitor aromatic amines and HAAs, and emerging biomarkers of HAAs that may be implemented in molecular epidemiology studies are discussed.
Phthalate esters, commonly used as plasticizers, show anti-androgenic activity and cause male reproductive malformation in experimental animals. However, the effects of prenatal exposure to phthalate esters in humans have not been extensively studied. The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between prenatal exposure to phthalate esters and the anogenital distance (AGD) as a reproductive endpoint in human male newborns. Spot urine samples were collected from 111 Japanese pregnant women after obtaining their informed consent. Seven urinary phthalate ester metabolites were determined by high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Urinary isoflavones concentrations were measured as possible covariates because their oestrogenicities and high exposure levels among Japanese have the potential to affect male genital development. Birth outcomes and AGD, the distance from the centre of the anus to external genitalia, were measured for their male newborns. In a multiple regression model, the log-transformed mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate concentration (specific gravity-corrected) was negatively significant, and maternal smoking status was positively significant, in explaining anogenital index (AGI) when potential covariates were controlled for. Urinary isoflavones did not significantly contribute to AGI in any models. Our results suggest that prenatal exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate affects reproductive development in human males.
Recent concerns have arisen about the specificity and interpretation of the autologous serum skin test (ASST), suggesting that ASST might produce false-positive results, and proposing the use of autologous plasma (APST) instead for intradermal testing in autoreactive urticaria. We investigated autoreactivity to autologous plasma and compared the results for reproducibility, sensitivity, specificity and accuracy and evaluated their association with quality of life and anti-TPO antibodies. 70 adults with chronic spontaneous urticaria (CU) and 62 controls underwent testing with ASST and APST and the tests were repeated two days after the first visit. Blood tests measured anti-TPO levels. Disease activity was assessed by urticaria activity score (UAS-7) and quality of life impairment was assessed by DLQI and CU-Q(2)oL. There were no statistically significant differences between ASST (+) and ASST (-) and also APST (+) and APST (-) patients with regard to disease duration, anti-TPO antibodies, urticaria activity scores, DLQI scores and CU-Q(2)oL scores. The results of first ASST and APST were well correlated with the results of second ASST and APST. The specificity of the two tests was similar, while ASST had a higher sensitivity and accuracy. Our results showed that there is no need to use autologous plasma instead of autologous serum for intradermal testing in CU.
Metabolomics is a promising tool for discovery of novel biomarkers of chronic disease risk in prospective epidemiologic studies. We investigated the between- and within-person variation of the concentrations of 163 serum metabolites over a period of 4 months to evaluate the metabolite reliability expressed by the intraclass-correlation coefficient (ICC: the ratio of between-person variance and total variance). The analyses were performed with the BIOCRATES AbsoluteIDQ targeted metabolomics technology, including acylcarnitines, amino acids, glycerophospholipids, sphingolipids and hexose in 100 healthy individuals from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam study who had provided two fasting blood samples 4 months apart. Overall, serum reliability of metabolites over a 4-month period was good. The median ICC of the 163 metabolites was 0.57. The highest ICC was observed for hydroxysphingomyelin C14:1 (ICC=0.85) and the lowest was found for acylcarnitine C3:1 (ICC=0). Reliability was high for hexose (ICC=0.76), sphingolipids (median ICC=0.66; range: 0.24-0.85), amino acids (median ICC=0.58; range: 0.41-0.72) and glycerophospholipids (median ICC=0.58; range: 0.03-0.81). Among acylcarnitines, reliability of short and medium chain saturated compounds was good to excellent (ICC range: 0.50-0.81). Serum reliability was lower for most hydroxyacylcarnitines and monounsaturated acylcarnitines (ICC range: 0.11-0.45 and 0.00-0.63, respectively). For most of the metabolites a single measurement may be sufficient for risk assessment in epidemiologic studies with healthy subjects.
OBJECTIVE: The A1C-Derived Average Glucose (ADAG) study demonstrated a linear relationship between HbA(1c) and mean plasma glucose (MPG). As glucose variability (GV) may contribute to glycation, we examined the association of several glucose variability indices and the MPG-HbA(1c) relationship. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Analyses included 268 patients with type 1 diabetes and 159 with type 2 diabetes. MPG during 3 months was calculated from 7-point self-monitored plasma glucose and continuous glucose monitoring. We calculated three different measures of GV and used a multiple-step regression model to determine the contribution of the respective GV measures to the MPG-HbA(1c) relationship. RESULTS: GV, as reflected by SD and continuous overlapping net glycemic action, had a significant effect on the MPG-HbA(1c) relationship in type 1 diabetic patients so that high GV led to a higher HbA(1c) level for the same MPG. In type 1 diabetes, the impact of confounding and effect modification of a low versus high SD at an MPG level of 160 mg/dL on the HbA(1c) level is 7.02 vs. 7.43 and 6.96 vs. 7.41. All GV measures showed the same tendency. CONCLUSIONS: In only type 1 diabetic patients, GV shows a significant interaction with MPG in the association with HbA(1c). This effect is more pronounced at higher HbA(1c) levels. However, the impact of GV on the HbA(1c) level in type 1 diabetes is modest, particularly when HbA(1c) is close to the treatment target of 7%. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) remain ubiquitously present in human lipids despite the ban on their production and use. Their presence can be chemically monitored in peripheral blood samples of the general population. We tested whether in vitro exposure to different PCB congeners induced different gene expression profiles in peripheral blood cells. We have isolated peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from whole blood of 8 healthy individuals and exposed these cells in vitro to individual non-dioxin-like (NDL)-PCB congeners (PCB52, 138 or 180; 10M) or dioxin-like (DL)-PCB congener PCB126 (1M) during 18h. Differential gene expression response was measured using Agilent whole-human genome microarrays. Two-way ANOVA analysis of the data showed that both gender and PCB exposure are important factors influencing gene expression responses in blood cells. Hierarchical cluster analysis of genes influenced by PCB exposure, revealed that DL-PCB126 induced a different gene expression response compared to the NDL-PCBs. Biological interpretation of the results revealed that exposure to PCB126 induced the AhR signaling pathway, whereas the induction of nuclear receptor pathways by the NDL-PCBs was limited in blood cells. Nevertheless, molecular responses of blood cells to individual PCB congeners revealed significantly expressed genes that play a role in biological functions and processes known to be affected by PCB exposure in vivo. Observed gene expression changes in this in vitro model were found to be related to hepatotoxicity, immune and inflammatory response and disturbance of lipid and cholesterol homeostasis.
The phthalates DEHP (Diethylhexyl phthalate), DiNP (Diisononyl phthalate) and DiDP (Diisodecyl phthalate) are constituents of plastisols. We sought to obtain first data on occupational exposures to the above phthalates by analyzing their metabolites in pre- and post-shift urine samples from 5 workers in a car manufacturing plant engaged in seam sealing with a DINP based plastisol. Pre-shift samples were collected after a work-free period of at least 2 days. As a comparison group we investigated 10 employees from the same plant. The comparison group had phthalate exposures in the range of the general German population. All plastisol workers had post shift values of DiNP and DiDP metabolites that were approx. 20-times higher, and pre-shift values that were approx. 5-10 times higher than those of the general background exposure. Post-shift values of DiNP metabolites were (median [maximum]: OH-MiNP: 117 [442] g/L; oxo-MiNP: 44.3 [175] g/L; carboxy-MiNP: 57.8 [286]g/L), pre shift values were (OH-MiNP: 26 [164] g/L; oxo-MiNP 12.9 [68.6] g/L; carboxy-MiNP: 32.3 [103] g/L), compared to the comparison group (OH-MiNP: 6.2 [33]g/L; oxo-MiNP: 2.8 [16] g/L; carboxy-MiNP: 6.5 [31] g/L). DiDP values were generally lower. Regarding DEHP we found no significant work related exposure. The dermal exposure route might play an important role for phthalates in plastisols, with possible influences on distribution and elimination kinetics and therefore data interpretation.
BACKGROUND: Intraoperative parathyroid hormone (IoPTH) testing is useful in the management of hyperparathyroidism. The successful removal of hypersecreting parathyroids is indicated by a decrease in PTH levels >50% within 15 min. A subset of patients with mild hyperparathyroidism will actually have starting PTH levels in the normal range. We sought to determine if IoPTH testing is necessary in these patients and if the 50% rule delineating surgical cure is reliable. METHODS: A retrospective review was performed on all patients who underwent parathyroidectomy for hyperparathyroidism at a single institution from 3/2001 to 8/2008. RESULTS: Of the 1,001 patients, 142 (14%) had mild hyperparathyroidism and normal baseline PTH levels (<65 pg/ml). Their mean PTH was 59  1 pg/ml. During surgery, 105 (74%) had a >50% decline in PTH levels after resection of hyperfunctioning parathyroid glands, and their operations were terminated. In contrast, 37 (26%) patients did not have a >50% decline in PTH levels leading to further surgical exploration. In these 37 patients, the PTH levels fell by >50% after the removal of the additional glands in 25 patients (17.6%) and dropped after 20 min in 7 patients (4.9%). In 5 patients (3.5%) the IoPTH did not drop. Of the 142 total patients, 91 had single adenomas and 51 patients had multi-gland disease. All patients (100%) were cured (normal serum calcium after 6 months). CONCLUSIONS: Intraoperative PTH testing plays an important role in the operative management in 14% of patients with mild hyperparathyroidism. Importantly, a 50% decline in IoPTH level within 15 min of parathyroidectomy is 96.5% reliable in predicting cure in these patients with PTH starting in the normal range. 
Accumulated maternal dioxins are passed onto the fetus and neonate via the placenta and maternal milk. In Japan in 1968, an accidental human exposure to rice oil contaminated with polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and other dioxin-related compounds, such as polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), led to development of Yusho oil disease. We investigated differences in blood dioxin concentrations in mother-children pairs affected by the Yusho incident. From 2002 to 2008, blood samples were collected from 26 pairs of Yusho mothers and their children (19 mothers, 26 children). Specific congeners of seven polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), ten PCDFs, and four non-ortho PCBs were analyzed. The children had significantly lower TEQ concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, and coplanar PCBs compared to their mothers. The mother-child difference in blood concentrations varied with the congeners; the largest for 2,3,4,7,8-pentaCDF and the smallest for 1,2,3,4,6,7,8-heptaCDD. The level for 2,3,4,7,8-pentaCDF, which characterizes Yusho oil disease, was approximately 17-30 times higher in the mothers than in the general population, whereas there were no significant differences between children in the formula-fed group and the general population. In contrast, the mean level for 2,3,4,7,8-pentaCDF in the breast-fed group was approximately 1.5 times, (range 0.5-6.5 times) higher than that in the general population. Over 30 years after the Yusho incident, the mean blood dioxin levels in the offspring were only a fraction of the levels in their mothers. This is more consistent with exposure via breast milk than via transplacental transfer in the Yusho incident.
Previous measurements of acetone concentrations in the exhaled breath of healthy individuals and the small amount of comparable data for individuals suffering from diabetes are briefly reviewed as a prelude to the presentation of new data on the sporadic and wide variations of breath acetone that occur in ostensibly healthy individuals. Data are also presented which show that following a ketogenic diet taken by eight healthy individuals their breath acetone concentrations increased up to five times over the subsequent 6 h. Similarly, the breath acetone increased six and nine times when a low carbohydrate diet was taken by two volunteers and remained high for the several days for which the diet was continued. These new data, together with the previous data, clearly indicate that diet and natural intra-individual biological and diurnal variability result in wide variations in breath acetone concentration. This places an uncertainty in the use of breath acetone alone to monitor blood glucose and glycaemic control, except and unless the individual acts as their own control and is cognizant of the need for dietary control.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are an important class of environmental contaminants many of which require metabolic activation to DNA-reactive bay or fjord region diolepoxides (DE) in order to exert their mutagenic and carcinogenic effects. In this study, the mutagenicity of the bay region diolepoxides (+)-anti-7,8-dihydroxy-9,10-epoxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene (BPDE) and ()-anti-1,2-dihydroxy-3,4-epoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrodibenzo[a,h]anthracene (DBADE) and the fjord region diolepoxides ()-anti-11,12-dihydroxy-13,14-epoxy-11,12,13,14-tetrahydrodibenzo[a,l]-pyrene (DBPDE) and ()-anti-3,4-dihydroxy-1,2-epoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrobenzo[c]-phenanthrene (BPhDE) was compared in nucleotide excision repair (NER) proficient and deficient hamster cell lines. The (32)P-postlabelling assay was applied to analyze DNA adduct levels and the Hprt gene mutation assay for monitoring mutations. Previously, we found that the mutagenicity per adduct was four times higher for DBPDE compared to BPDE in NER proficient cells. In these same cells, the mutagenicity of DBADE and BPhDE adducts was now found to be significantly lower compared to that of BPDE. In NER deficient cells the highest mutagenicity per adduct was found for BPDE and there was a tenfold and fivefold difference when comparing the BPDE data with the DBADE and BPhDE data, respectively. In order to investigate to what extent the mutagenicity of the different adducts in NER proficient cells was influenced by repair or replication bypass, we measured the overall NER incision rate, the rate of adduct removal, the rate of replication bypass and the frequency of induced recombination in the Hprt gene. Since NER turned out to be an important pathway for the yield of mutations, we further analyzed the role of transcription coupled NER versus global genome NER. However, our data demonstrate that neither of these pathways seems to be the sole factor determining the mutation frequency of the four PAH-DE and that the differences in the repair efficiency of these compounds could not be related to the presence of a bay or fjord region in the parent PAH.
PURPOSE: To determine intraindividual variability in concentrations of homocysteine and related thiols in follicular fluids of particular follicles after ovarian stimulation and assess the differences between follicles with/or without oocytes. METHODS: HPLC-FD analysis of plasma and follicular fluid cysteine, homocysteine, cysteinylglycine and glutathione in women undergoing IVF. RESULTS: In blood plasma, the homocysteine, cysteine, and cysteinylglycine concentrations decreased significantly during stimulation with rec FSH (p<0.001). We found significant differences in concentrations of cysteine and glutathione between follicles with or without retrieved oocytes. High intraindividual variability in concentrations of thiols was determined. CONCLUSIONS: The concentration variability of thiols between single follicles is very high and we recommend mean at least from 3 follicles with/or without oocytes for characterization of each woman. It is the best to examine individual follicles for further research and analysis of fertility outcomes. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the validity of fruit and vegetable intakes as it relates to plasma carotenoid and vitamin C concentrations in Chinese women, using three classification schemes. DESIGN: Intakes were calculated using an interviewer-administered FFQ. Fruits and vegetables, botanical groups and high-nutrient groups were evaluated. These three classification schemes were compared with plasma carotenoid and vitamin C concentrations from blood samples collected within 1 week of questionnaire completion. SETTING: Shanghai, China. SUBJECTS: Participants (n 2031) comprised women who had participated in a case-control study of diet and breast-related diseases nested within a randomized trial of breast self-examination among textile workers (n 266 064) RESULTS: Fruit intake was significantly (P < 005) and positively associated with plasma concentrations of -tocopherol, -cryptoxanthin, lycopene, -carotene, -carotene, retinyl palmitate and vitamin C. Fruit intake was inversely associated with -tocopherol and lutein + zeaxanthin concentrations. Vegetable consumption was significantly and positively associated with -tocopherol and -cryptoxanthin concentrations. Each botanical and high-nutrient group was also significantly associated with particular plasma nutrient concentrations. Fruit and vegetable intakes and most plasma nutrient concentrations were significantly associated with season of interview. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the manner in which fruits and vegetables are grouped leads to different plasma nutrient exposure information, which may be an important consideration when testing and generating hypotheses regarding disease risk in relation to diet. Interview season should be considered when evaluating the associations of reported intake and plasma nutrients with disease outcomes. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate use of chip-based immunoaffinity capillary electrophoresis on dried blood spot samples (DBSS) to measure obesity-related hormones. METHODS: Chip-based immunoaffinity capillary electrophoresis was used to measure adiponectin, leptin and insulin in capillary serum and DBSS in pregnant women and infant heelstick at birth and six weeks. Concordance of measurements was determined with Pearson's correlation and Bland-Altman plots. RESULTS: We report high concordance between results obtained from serum and DBSS. CONCLUSIONS: Ease of sample collection and storage makes DBSS an optimal method for use in studies involving neonates and young children, as well as studies conducted in areas where freezer storage is not available. 
The lack of robust measures of dietary exposure hinders a quantitative understanding of causal relationships between diet and health. Non-targeted metabolite fingerprinting was used to explore the relationships between citrus exposure in free-living human subjects, estimated by a FFQ, and the chemical content of urine. Volunteers (study 1, n 12; study 2, n 11) were classified into high-, medium- and low-frequency citrus consumption groups. Overnight and spot fasting urine samples were obtained after exposure to a standardised citrus-free evening meal. The urine samples were analysed by flow injection electrospray-ionisation MS followed by supervised multivariate data classification analysis to discover discriminatory features associated with the level of citrus exposure. Good separation of high and low citrus consumption classes was achieved. Deeper exploration of high-ranked explanatory mass signals revealed several correlated signals derived from proline betaine. Targeted analysis of the relative levels of proline betaine in both fasting and overnight urine samples demonstrated good correlation with FFQ exposure data. Acute exposure of volunteers to orange juice resulted in the appearance of proline betaine and several biotransformed products in postprandial urine samples. Biomarker validation showed sensitivities of 808-922% and specificities of 742-941% (false discovery rate-adjusted P values <005) for elevated proline betaine in participants who reported high citrus consumption. Proline betaine biotransformation products displayed weaker quantitative relationships with habitual citrus exposure. Targeted screening for the presence of biotransformation products of hesperidin and narirutin, known to be abundant in oranges, revealed that they were relatively poor indicators of citrus exposure.
BACKGROUND: There are increasing concerns over adverse effects of prenatal phthalate exposure on the neurodevelopment of infants. OBJECTIVES: Our goal was to explore the association between prenatal di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and dibutyl phthalate exposure and the Mental and Psychomotor Developmental Indices (MDI and PDI, respectively) of the Bayley Scales of Infant Development at 6 months, as part of the Mothers and Children's Environmental Health Study. METHODS: Between 2006 and 2009, 460 mother-infant pairs from Seoul, Cheonan, and Ulsan, Korea, participated. Prenatal mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (MEHHP), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (MEOHP), and mono-n-butyl phthalate (MBP) were measured in one urine sample acquired from each mother during the third trimester of pregnancy. Associations with log-transformed creatinine-corrected phthalate concentrations were estimated using linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders. RESULTS: MDI was inversely associated with the natural log concentrations (micrograms per gram creatinine) of MEHHP [ = -0.97; confidence interval (CI), -1.85 to -0.08] and MEOHP ( = -0.95; CI, -1.87 to -0.03), and PDI was inversely associated with MEHHP ( = -1.20; CI, -2.33 to -0.08). In males, MDI was inversely associated with MEHHP ( = -1.46; CI, -2.70 to -0.22), MEOHP ( = -1.57; CI, -2.87 to -0.28), and MBP ( = -0.93; CI, -1.82 to -0.05); PDI was inversely associated with MEHHP ( = -2.36; CI, -3.94 to -0.79), MEOHP ( = -2.05; CI, -3.71 to -0.39), and MBP ( = -1.25; CI, -2.40 to -0.11). No significant linear associations were observed for females. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that prenatal exposure to phthalates may be inversely associated with the MDI and PDI of infants, particularly males, at 6 months. 
BACKGROUND: Limited animal, in vitro, and human studies have reported that exposure to phthalates or bisphenol A (BPA) may affect thyroid signaling. OBJECTIVE: We explored the cross-sectional relationship between urinary concentrations of metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), and BPA with a panel of serum thyroid measures among a representative sample of U.S. adults and adolescents. METHODS: We analyzed data on urinary biomarkers of exposure to phthalates and BPA, serum thyroid measures, and important covariates from 1,346 adults (ages  20 years) and 329 adolescents (ages 12-19 years) from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007-2008 using multivariable linear regression. RESULTS: Among adults, we observed significant inverse relationships between urinary DEHP metabolites and total thyroxine (T4), free T4, total triiodothyronine (T3), and thyroglobulin, and positive relationships with thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). The strongest and most consistent relationships involved total T4, where adjusted regression coefficients for quintiles of oxidative DEHP metabolites displayed monotonic dose-dependent decreases in total T4 (p-value for trend < 0.0001). Suggestive inverse relationships between urinary BPA and total T4 and TSH were also observed. Conversely, among adolescents, we observed significant positive relationships between DEHP metabolites and total T3. Mono(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, a secondary metabolite of both DBP and di-n-octyl phthalate, was associated with several thyroid measures in both age groups, whereas other DBP metabolites were not associated with thyroid measures. CONCLUSIONS: These results support previous reports of associations between phthalates-and possibly BPA--and altered thyroid hormones. More detailed studies are needed to determine the temporal relationships and potential clinical and public health implications of these associations. 
BACKGROUND: Serum measurements of cytokines, mediators of various B and T cell activities, are important markers of inflammation and immune dysregulation. We assessed the reproducibility of serum cytokine measurements over a five-year period among participants in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening Trial (PLCO). METHODS: Levels of 13 cytokines [interleukin (IL) 1, IL-2, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-7, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p70, IL-13, interferon-gamma (IFN), granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), and tumor necrosis factor- (TNF)] in stored sera from three collections (study baseline,+1 year, and+5 years) among 28 randomly selected PLCO participants were measured using a high-sensitivity Luminex xMap-based multiplex panel. Within- and between-subject components of variance were estimated from random effects models and were used to calculate the coefficient of variation (CV) and intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for analytes with <30% of samples below the limit of detection (LOD). Spearman correlation coefficients between measurements of the same analyte over time and between analytes were also calculated. RESULTS: Among the six cytokines with <30% of samples below the LOD, we observed excellent reproducibility for IL-6, IL-7, IL-13, and TNF (ICC0.73), and fair to good reproducibility for IL-8 (ICC=0.55) and IL-10 (ICC=0.60). Spearman correlation coefficients comparing paired measurements of each cytokine at baseline and at +5 years were high (0.74) with the exception of IL-10 (=0.44). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that measurements of most of the cytokines evaluated in this study were highly reproducible over five-year periods. 
OBJECTIVE: School questionnaires of self-reported schistosomiasis provide a rapid and simple approach for identifying schools at high risk of Schistosoma haematobium and requiring mass treatment. This study investigates the reliability of school questionnaires to identify such schools and infected children within the context of a national school-based deworming programme in Kenya. METHODS: Between November 2008 and March 2009, 6182 children from 61 schools in Coast Province, Kenya were asked by an interviewer whether they had blood in urine or urinary schistosomiasis (kichocho), and their results were compared with results from microscopic examination of urine samples. Subsequently, in 2009, a school-based questionnaire survey for self-reported schistosomiasis was distributed by the Ministry of Education to all schools in Coast Province, and its results were compared against results from the parasitological survey. The questionnaire survey results were linked to a schools database and mapped. RESULTS: Prevalence of self-reported blood in urine was lower among girls than boys among all ages. The use of a 30% threshold of reported blood in urine was both highly sensitive (91.7%) and specific (100%) in identifying high (>50%) prevalence schools in Coast Province. Questionnaires were however less reliable in diagnosing S. haematobium infection in individuals, particularly among young girls. Comparable levels of reliability were observed when the questionnaire was distributed through the existing education systems and administered by class teachers. CONCLUSIONS: The results confirm that blood in urine questionnaires can be reliably used to target mass treatment with praziquantel at national scales. The mapped results of the Ministry of Education survey serve to describe the spatial variation of urinary schistosomiasis and identify schools requiring mass treatment. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Habitual alcohol drinking influences blood cholesterol profile, and dyslipidaemia often accompanies obesity. The aim of this study was to determine whether obesity modifies relationships between alcohol intake and blood cholesterol profile. METHODS:  Japanese men aged 35-60 years (n = 23 834) were divided into two groups by body mass index (BMI) (normal BMI:  185 and < 25 kg/m(2) ; high BMI:  25 kg/m(2) ) and were further divided into four subgroups by alcohol intake [non-, light (< 22 g ethanol/day), heavy ( 22 and < 44 g ethanol/day) and very heavy ( 44 g ethanol/day) drinkers]. Relationships of alcohol intake with serum LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and LDL/HDL ratio were investigated. RESULTS: Both in the subject groups with normal and high BMI, alcohol intake was associated with lower risks of high LDL cholesterol, low HDL cholesterol and high LDL/HDL ratio, and these risks tended to decrease as alcohol intake increased. The odds ratios vs. nondrinkers for high LDL cholesterol, low HDL cholesterol and high LDL/HDL ratio tended to be lower in the normal BMI group than in the high BMI group. Significant interactions between alcohol drinking and BMI for high LDL cholesterol, low HDL cholesterol and high LDL/HDL ratio were found in all of the drinker subgroups except for the interaction for high LDL cholesterol in light drinkers. CONCLUSIONS: High BMI status is suggested to attenuate the associations of alcohol intake with lower LDL cholesterol, higher HDL cholesterol and lower LDL/HDL ratio. 
BACKGROUND: Previous studies of a functional variant of the catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) gene, Val158Met, have provided inconsistent results with regard to blood pressure or hypertension. We examined the effect of this variant, the considering environmental factors of daily salt and energy intakes. METHODS: A total of 735 Japanese men (mean age, 47 years) were recruited from two separate occupational cohorts from Kanagawa and Kyoto prefectures. Participants were genotyped for the presence of COMT Val158Met (rs4680, G/A). Daily salt and energy intakes were evaluated by the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). RESULTS: Met/Met carriers had higher adjusted systolic blood pressure (SBP) (+4.79 mm Hg, P < 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (+2.33 mm Hg, P = 0.001) than Met/Val or Val/Val carriers. There was a significant association between being a Met/Met carrier and having a higher prevalence of hypertension (odds ratio = 2.448, 95% confidence interval = 1.426-4.205, P = 0.001). When salt and energy intakes were dichotomized, the effect of Val158Met on hypertension was observed only in the high-energy intake group, and was equivalent between low- and high-salt groups. CONCLUSION: The Met allele of COMT Val158Met is associated with higher blood pressure and higher prevalence of hypertension in Japanese men, and energy intake may interact with this effect. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Our previous report showed that parvovirus B19 genotype 1 in different solutions derived from plasma preparations showed different heat-sensitivity patterns during liquid-heating. In this study, we similarly examined B19 genotype 2. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two plasma samples one containing B19 genotype 1 and the other genotype 2 DNA were used. Four process samples collected immediately before the heat treatment step in the manufacture of albumin, immunoglobulin, haptoglobin and antithrombin preparations were spiked with B19 and subsequently treated at 60C for 10 h. A low pH immunoglobulin solution was also spiked with B19 and treated at room temperature for 14 days. Infectivity was then measured. RESULTS: B19 genotype 2, similar to genotype 1, showed three patterns of inactivation: (i) a rapid inactivation in the albumin and immunoglobulin preparations, (ii) a slow inactivation in the haptoglobin preparation and (iii) only limited inactivation in the antithrombin preparation. Its sensitivity in the low pH immunoglobulin solutions also resembled that of genotype 1. CONCLUSION: Both genotypes 1 and 2 of B19 varied in sensitivity to liquid-heating and low pH among different plasma preparations. 
The aim of the study was to follow plasma thyroxine levels and hepatic enzyme activities in offspring after maternal gestational and lactational exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls. Mice were given 10 equimolar oral doses from gestational day (GD) 4 to postnatal day (PND) 17 of either Bromkal 70-5DE, 2,2',4,4',5-pentabrominated diphenyl ether (BDE-99) or Aroclor 1254 (total dose of 0.80mmol/kg, b.w.). Plasma thyroxine levels were reduced in offspring in the Aroclor and Bromkal groups on PND11 but had returned to control levels by PND37. No effects on thyroxine levels were seen in the dams. Hepatic activity of EROD was increased in all treated offspring groups and so was UDP-GT in Aroclor-exposed offspring on PND11 and PND18. This study shows that PBDEs and PCBs, probably after microsomal transformation, have endocrine disrupting properties in perinatally exposed juvenile mice, most pronounced at PND11. However, BDE-99 had no effect on thyroxine levels, suggesting that other components in Bromkal are responsible for the hypothyroxinemia.
Diethyl phthalate (DEP) is widely used in the perfume industry as a vehicle for fragrances and in personal care products making human exposure of DEP significant to adults as well as neonatals, as confirmed by levels recorded in blood as well as breast milk samples of human populations in some parts of the world. Therefore, a study was undertaken to understand the toxic effect of DEP over three generations in male Wistar rats. Healthy male and female albino rats of Wistar strain weighing 75-100g (6-7 weeks old) were randomly assigned to two groups of six each. Group I (Control) male and female rats were fed on normal diet and water ad libitum. Group II (DEP) male and female rats were given DEP dissolved in corn oil mixed with the diet at 50mg/kg of the diet/day. Hundred days after the treatment, females were mated with males for 10 days. Exposure to DEP was continued throughout mating, gestation until termination at weaning, which was 150 days of total treatment period of the parental generation. The F1 and F2 generation pups were then segregated on the basis of their sex and six male and female pups of both generations were allowed to grow till they were 75-100g in weight. The treatment was then carried out similar to the parental generation but with reduced dose of 25mg/kg of the diet/day for F1 generation and 10mg/kg of the diet/day for F2 generation. Hundred days after the treatment, females were mated with males for 10 days. Exposure to DEP was continued throughout mating, gestation (21 days) until termination at weaning (21 days), which was 150 days of total treatment period of the F1 and F2 generation. Liver and serum ALT, AST and triglycerides were significantly increased over the three generations, which was much more significant in the F2 generation DEP treated group. The serum cholesterol and liver glutathione and glutathione reductase showed a significant decrease over the three generations, which was much more significant in the F2 generation DEP treated group as compared to the parental and F1 generation DEP treated rats. Histology of the liver showed remarkably enhanced fatty degeneration in the F2 generation DEP treated rats as compared to parental and F1 generation DEP treated rats. Vacuolations were much more significant in the F1 generation DEP treated rats as compared to the controls and F2 generation DEP treated rats. It can be concluded from this study, that continuous exposure through food, gestation and lactation over three generation's inspite of dose reduction of DEP leads to an enhanced toxic effect in the latter generations.
In metabolomic studies using liquid chromatography mass spectrometry of urine from children with cystic fibrosis (CF), high levels of metabolites of low molecular weight phthalates were found. Phthalate metabolite excretion was explained by therapy with enteric-coated pancreatic enzyme replacements. Phthalate metabolite identity was confirmed by tandem mass spectrometry. Pancreatic insufficient CF children taking Cotazym ECS(), which is formulated with diethyl phthalate (DEP), had urinary metabolites of DEP. Children taking Creon(), which has dibutyl phthalate (DBP), excreted DBP metabolites. The estimated concentrations of free MEP were 2-3 orders of magnitude higher than reported from environmental phthalate exposure. Enteric-coated pancreatic enzymes can expose individuals with CF to incessant, high oral intakes of phthalates. Although adverse effects have neither been shown to be present nor absent, we raise the need to consider that individuals requiring life-long therapy with some current pancreatic enzyme replacements chronically ingest high amounts of phthalates.
Gastrointestinal (GI) motility and gut hormones have been considered to be involved in the development and maintenance of obesity. Our aim was to assess the relationships between gastric emptying (GE), GI transit and gut hormones and leptin concentrations in diet-induced obese rat model. Male 6-week-old Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with a high-fat (HF) diet for 8weeks to generate diet-induced obesity (DIO) and diet resistant (DR) rats. GE, GI transit and plasma ghrelin, cholecystokinin (CCK), PYY and leptin concentrations were determined in DIO, DR and control (CON) rats. The DIO rats had slower GE, higher plasma leptin and CCK concentrations, and lower plasma ghrelin concentration compared with CON and DR rats. GE was correlated with plasma ghrelin (r=0.402, P=0.028), CCK (r=-0.518, P=0.003) and leptin concentration (r=-0.514, P=0.004). The slower GE, which can be considered as an adaptive response aimed at HF diet induced obesity, may be mediated by changes of plasma ghrelin, CCK and leptin concentrations.
BACKGROUND: Alcoholic beverages may have protective cardiovascular effects but are known to increase the plasma levels of triglycerides (TG). Both TG and the ratio of TG to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-cholesterol) are associated with increased cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVES: To determine the predictive factors for variations in plasma levels of TG and the TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio in patients after they had consumed red wine for 14 days. METHODS: Forty-two subjects (64% men, 46  9 years, baseline body mass index [BMI] 25.13  2.76 kg/m(2)) were given red wine (12% or 12.2% alc/vol, 250 mL/day with meals). Plasma concentration of lipids and glucose were measured before and after red wine consumption. Blood was collected after 12 hours of fast and alcohol abstention. RESULTS: Red wine increased plasma levels of TG from 105  42 mg/dL to 120  56 mg/dL (P=.001) and the TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio from 2.16  1.10 to 2.50  1.66 (P= .014). In a multivariate linear regression model that included age, baseline BMI, blood pressure, lipids, and glucose, only BMI was independently predictive of the variation in plasma TG after red wine (beta coefficient 0.592, P < .001). BMI also predicted the variation in TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio (beta coefficient 0.505, P= .001, adjusted model). When individuals were divided into three categories, according to their BMI, the average percentage variation in TG after red wine was -4%, 17%, and 33% in the lower (19.60-24.45 kg/m(2)), intermediate, and greater (26.30-30.44 kg/m(2)) tertiles, respectively (P= .001). CONCLUSIONS: Individuals with higher BMI, although nonobese, might be at greater risk for elevation in plasma TG levels and the TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio after short-term red wine consumption. 
The mechanisms implicated in the LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C)-lowering effects of the Mediterranean-type diet (MedDiet) are unknown. The present study assessed the impact of the MedDiet consumed under controlled feeding conditions, with and without weight loss, on surrogate markers of cholesterol absorption, synthesis and clearance using plasma phytosterols, lathosterol and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-9 (PCSK9) concentrations, respectively, in men with the metabolic syndrome. The subjects' diet (n 19, 24-62 years) was first standardised to a baseline North American control diet (5 weeks) followed by a MedDiet (5 weeks), both under weight-maintaining isoenergetic feeding conditions. The participants then underwent a 20-week free-living energy restriction period (10 (sd 3)% reduction in body weight, P<001), followed by the consumption of the MedDiet (5 weeks) under controlled isoenergetic feeding conditions. The LDL-C-lowering effect of the MedDiet in the absence of weight loss (-99%) was accompanied by significant reductions in plasma PCSK9 concentrations (-117%, P<001) and in the phytosterol:cholesterol ratio (-97%, P<001) compared with the control diet. The addition of weight loss to the MedDiet had no further impact on plasma LDL-C concentrations and on these surrogate markers of LDL clearance and cholesterol absorption. The present results suggest that the MedDiet reduces plasma LDL-C concentrations primarily by increasing LDL clearance and reducing cholesterol absorption, with no synergistic effect of body weight loss in this process.
This study examines seasonal changes in the activities of selected biomarkers in carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) from Karakaya Dam Lake and evaluates the influence of gender and environmental factors on those activities. Physicochemical characteristics of water were evaluated in the lakewater. Fish were sampled on seasonal basis, and liver ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD), glutathione-S-transferase, glutathione reductase, plasma lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate and alanine aminotransferase, and brain acetylcholinesterase (AChE) activities were assayed. Plasma vitellogenin level and hepatosomatic index and condition factors were also determined. Strong seasonal variations were observed but there were no gender differences among selected markers. The highest vitellogenin level of male fish was detected as 606ng/mL which represents the estrogenicity of water in the lake in September 2005. In addition, the seasonal changes of some biomarkers such as EROD and AChE showed that the lake may be at risk of pollution by some xenobiotics arising from agricultural and/or industrial activities.
The characterization of the normal urinary proteome is steadily progressing and represents a major interest in the assessment of clinical urinary biomarkers. To estimate quantitatively the variability of the normal urinary proteome, urines of 20 healthy people were collected. We first evaluated the impact of the sample conservation temperature on urine proteome integrity. Keeping the urine sample at RT or at +4C until storage at -80C seems the best way for long-term storage of samples for 2D-GE analysis. The quantitative variability of the normal urinary proteome was estimated on the 20 urines mapped by 2D-GE. The occurrence of the 910 identified spots was analysed throughout the gels and represented in a virtual 2D gel. Sixteen percent of the spots were found to occur in all samples and 23% occurred in at least 90% of urines. About 13% of the protein spots were present only in 10% or less of the samples, thus representing the most variable part of the normal urinary proteome. Twenty proteins corresponding to a fraction of the fully conserved spots were identified by mass spectrometry. In conclusion, a "public" urinary proteome, common to healthy individuals, seems to coexist with a "private" urinary proteome, which is more specific to each individual.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects on proteinuria and blood pressure of addition of dietary sodium restriction or angiotensin receptor blockade at maximum dose, or their combination, in patients with non-diabetic nephropathy receiving background treatment with angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition at maximum dose. DESIGN: Multicentre crossover randomised controlled trial. SETTING: Outpatient clinics in the Netherlands. PARTICIPANTS: 52 patients with non-diabetic nephropathy. INTERVENTIONS: All patients were treated during four 6 week periods, in random order, with angiotensin receptor blockade (valsartan 320 mg/day) or placebo, each combined with, consecutively, a low sodium diet (target 50 mmol Na(+)/day) and a regular sodium diet (target 200 mmol Na(+)/day), with a background of ACE inhibition (lisinopril 40 mg/day) during the entire study. The drug interventions were double blind; the dietary interventions were open label. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome measure was proteinuria; the secondary outcome measure was blood pressure. RESULTS: Mean urinary sodium excretion, a measure of dietary sodium intake, was 106 (SE 5) mmol Na(+)/day during a low sodium diet and 184 (6) mmol Na(+)/day during a regular sodium diet (P<0.001). Geometric mean residual proteinuria was 1.68 (95% confidence interval 1.31 to 2.14) g/day during ACE inhibition plus a regular sodium diet. Addition of angiotensin receptor blockade to ACE inhibition reduced proteinuria to 1.44 (1.07 to 1.93) g/day (P=0.003), addition of a low sodium diet reduced it to 0.85 (0.66 to 1.10) g/day (P<0.001), and addition of angiotensin receptor blockade plus a low sodium diet reduced it to 0.67 (0.50 to 0.91) g/day (P<0.001). The reduction of proteinuria by the addition of a low sodium diet to ACE inhibition (51%, 95% confidence interval 43% to 58%) was significantly larger (P<0.001) than the reduction of proteinuria by the addition of angiotensin receptor blockade to ACE inhibition (21%, (8% to 32%) and was comparable (P=0.009, not significant after Bonferroni correction) to the reduction of proteinuria by the addition of both angiotensin receptor blockade and a low sodium diet to ACE inhibition (62%, 53% to 70%). Mean systolic blood pressure was 134 (3) mm Hg during ACE inhibition plus a regular sodium diet. Mean systolic blood pressure was not significantly altered by the addition of angiotensin receptor blockade (131 (3) mm Hg; P=0.12) but was reduced by the addition of a low sodium diet (123 (2) mm Hg; P<0.001) and angiotensin receptor blockade plus a low sodium diet (121 (3) mm Hg; P<0.001) to ACE inhibition. The reduction of systolic blood pressure by the addition of a low sodium diet (7% (SE 1%)) was significantly larger (P=0.003) than the reduction of systolic blood pressure by the addition of angiotensin receptor blockade (2% (1)) and was similar (P=0.14) to the reduction of systolic blood pressure by the addition of both angiotensin receptor blockade and low sodium diet (9% (1)), to ACE inhibition. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary sodium restriction to a level recommended in guidelines was more effective than dual blockade for reduction of proteinuria and blood pressure in non-diabetic nephropathy. The findings support the combined endeavours of patients and health professionals to reduce sodium intake. Trial registration Netherlands Trial Register NTR675. 
Desmosine and isodesmosine are products of elastin breakdown which are candidate biomarkers to measure lung destruction in COPD. Data exist on the burden of desmosines in urine and plasma in COPD but long-term changes have never been investigated. We determined the changes of desmosine levels over 14 months in urine and plasma of patients with type ZZ alpha-1-antitryspsin deficiency-related COPD. Urines and plasma for determination of desmosines were collected from 11 ex-smokers with moderate/severe emphysema at monthly intervals for 14 months. Spirometry and gas transfer were assessed at baseline and 6-month intervals. At baseline and month 14, eleven healthy partners of patients volunteered to give a blood sample for detection of desmosines. Desmosines were determined by capillary electrophoresis combined with laser-induced fluorescence. Urine and plasma desmosines were significantly increased after 14 months in patients (p = 0.027 and p = 0.0005, respectively). Plasma desmosines of healthy partners at baseline were 4-fold lower than from patients and not significantly different from values at month 14. Only a significant decline in lung gas transfer occurred in patients (p = 0.015). The variability of desmosines was higher in urine than in plasma (coefficient of variation 0.17 and 0.087, respectively). As longitudinal desmosine changes likely reflect the elevated elastic fiber turnover associated with the progression of lung damage and destruction in COPD, they appear to be a suitable marker for application in long-term studies. Plasma desmosines were more stable long-term biomarkers than desmosines in urine.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: Sexual well-being is an important aspect of women's life. The objective of this study was to validate the Portuguese-translated version of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire--PISQ-12. METHODS: Sixty-four women were enrolled to participate in the process of validating the PISQ-12 (study group). A further 68 subjects were allocated to a control group for comparison between the group of women with pelvic organ prolapse/urinary incontinence and the asymptomatic group. RESULTS: The PISQ-12 presented good internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha of 0.79 for the study group and 0.80 for the control group). The test-retest reliability using the intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.77. Mean score on the PISQ-12 was significantly higher in the control group than in the study group (42.7  3.9 vs 27.8  9.3) CONCLUSIONS: The Portuguese version of the PISQ-12 was reliable for the assessment of sexual function in women with pelvic organ prolapse/urinary incontinence. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: This study aims to measure self-report urinary incontinence questions' reproducibility and agreement with bladder diary. METHODS: Data were analyzed from the Reproductive Risk of Incontinence Study at Kaiser. Participating women reporting at least weekly incontinence completed self-report incontinence questions and a 7-day bladder diary. Self-report question reproducibility was assessed and agreement between self-reported and diary-recorded voiding and incontinence frequency was measured. Test characteristics and area under the curve were calculated for self-reported incontinence types using diary as the gold standard. RESULTS: Five hundred ninety-one women were included and 425 completed a diary. The self-report questions had moderate reproducibility and self-reported and diary-recorded incontinence and voiding frequencies had moderate to good agreement. Self-reported incontinence types identified stress and urgency incontinence more accurately than mixed incontinence. CONCLUSIONS: Self-report incontinence questions have moderate reproducibility and agreement with diary, and considering their minimal burden, are acceptable research tools in epidemiologic studies. 
Smoking appears to enhance the body's clearance of dioxins and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) by inducing CYP1A2 activity based on studies with a limited number of participants. This hypothesis was evaluated by using data from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Specifically, adult participants were identified and the sums of their serum lipid-adjusted concentrations of 12 polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/PCDF) congeners, 33 PCB (total), 26 non-dioxin-like PCB, and 6 mono-ortho (dioxin-like) PCB were determined. In addition to evaluating the association of smoking, the association of caffeine consumption and the interaction between them was evaluated. Data analysis included regression models that were fitted with age, gender, race/ethnicity, and body mass index (BMI). R(2) varied from 34.8 to 66%. Smokers had significantly lower concentrations of total PCDD/PCDF than nonsmokers. New to this study, a siginificant interaction between caffeine consumption and smoking for total PCB was found. When caffeine was consumed less than once a day, smokers had higher concentrations of total PCB than nonsmokers. However, when caffeine was consumed at least once a day, smokers had lower concentrations than nonsmokers. A significant interaction between age and caffeine consumption frequency for each of the PCB groups was also observed. The differences in concentration between younger and older age groups were greater when caffeine was consumed at least once a day than when caffeine was consumed less frequently. Smoking and caffeine consumption need to be considered in the interpretation of human biomonitoring data because they appear to affect the serum concentrations of these chemicals.
The aim of the study was to evaluate whether two dietary approaches recommended for diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular prevention-high-MUFA or complex carbohydrates/fiber-differently influence inflammation. A 4-week crossover study in 12 individuals with type 2 diabetes was performed. Fasting and postprandial hs-CRP plasma levels were not significantly different after a high-carbohydrate/high-fiber/low-glycemic index (CHO/fiber) and a high-MUFA diet. Compared with fasting, hs-CRP levels decreased significantly after the MUFA but not after the CHO/fiber meal. Triglyceride-rich lipoproteins were significantly lower after the CHO/fiber than the MUFA diet. At fasting and postprandially, hs-CRP correlated with triglyceride in whole plasma, chylomicrons, small and large VLDL after the CHO/fiber but not after the MUFA diet. In conclusion, a MUFA-rich diet and a carbohydrate/fiber-rich diet induced similar effects on plasma hs-CRP concentrations. However, these dietary approaches seem to influence hs-CRP levels through different mechanisms. i.e., direct acute postprandial effects by MUFA and triglyceride-rich lipoproteins mediated effects by CHO/fiber.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The aims of this study are (1) to assess the reliability (test-retest) of the Urgency Severity and Life Impact Questionnaire (USIQ) and (2) to test the effect of extended-release tolterodine on symptoms of urinary urgency using this validated instrument. METHODS: To measure reliability, women with overactive bladder (OAB) completed the USIQ on two separate occasions, prior to treatment for OAB. To assess the responsiveness, the USIQ participants completed the above-mentioned questionnaires prior to and following 4 weeks of treatment for OAB with extended-release tolterodine. RESULTS: USIQ-S and USIQ-QoL scores at the two visits did not differ significantly. Repeated measures of USIQ-S and USIQ-QoL demonstrated a moderate to excellent intraclass correlation coefficient (0.64-0.74; P < 0.0001 and 0.48-0.91, P < 0.0001, respectively). A significant decrease in mean USIQ-S and USIQ-QOL (71  14 vs. 44  19, P < 0.0001 and 51  22 vs. 39  10, P < 0.01, respectively) scores following treatment with tolterodine. CONCLUSIONS: This valid, reliable measure can be used in clinical practice and research trials to measure urgency severity. 
There is a need to develop a questionnaire as a research tool for the evaluation of water balance in the general population. The water balance questionnaire (WBQ) was designed to evaluate water intake from fluid and solid foods and drinking water, and water loss from urine, faeces and sweat at sedentary conditions and physical activity. For validation purposes, the WBQ was administrated in 40 apparently healthy participants aged 22-57 years (37.5% males). Hydration indices in urine (24 h volume, osmolality, specific gravity, pH, colour) were measured through established procedures. Furthermore, the questionnaire was administered twice to 175 subjects to evaluate its reliability. Kendall's -b and the Bland and Altman method were used to assess the questionnaire's validity and reliability. The proposed WBQ to assess water balance in healthy individuals was found to be valid and reliable, and it could thus be a useful tool in future projects that aim to evaluate water balance.
INTRODUCTION: A 29-item prostate cancer radiotherapy (PCRT) questionnaire with genitourinary (GU), gastrointestinal (GI), and sexual (S) domains has been previously validated for the assessment of late toxicity health-related quality of life (HRQoL) effects. The study objective was to cross-validate the PCRT domains versus the expanded prostate cancer index composite (EPIC) questionnaire urinary (U), bowel (B), hormonal (H), and S subscales. METHODS AND MATERIALS: A single-institution cross-sectional PCRT patient cohort was surveyed. Descriptive and intra- and inter-class correlation coefficient statistics for the various EPIC and PCRT HRQoL domain scores were generated. Univariable and multivariable Cox and logistic regressions were performed depending on the HRQoL endpoint being assessed. RESULTS: A total of 189/276 patients (68%) completed questionnaires with EPIC and PCRT missing data rates of 9% and 4%, respectively. Mean age was 75.8 years (SD 5.5) and the mean time of questionnaire completion after radiotherapy was 852 days (range 212-1454 days). Mean EPIC urinary (85.1 SD 12.9), bowel (84.1 SD 15.8), sexual (21.8 SD 20.7), and hormonal (85.3 SD 13.7) as well as PCRT genitourinary (66.1 SD 15.3), gastrointestinal (83.6 SD 14.3), and sexual (39.4 SD 21.6) domain scores were calculated. Intraclass correlation coefficients comparing corresponding EPIC/PCRT domains ranged from 0.50-0.88. Interclass correlation coefficients for non-corresponding EPIC/PCRT domains ranged from 0.16-0.43 and 0.23-0.30, respectively. EPIC B/U, PCRT GI/GU and PCRT S required arcsin square root transformation and EPIC S/H domains required dichotomous transformations prior to univariable/multivariable analyses. Multivariable analysis demonstrated novel associations between predictive variables and HRQoL domains including between the PTV-bladder overlap volume and PCRT GU score. CONCLUSIONS: The PCRT is a compact, valid, and HRQoL instrument with very high questionnaire compliance rates and similar statistical properties to the EPIC instrument. However, dichotomization of the PRCT S data was not required which suggests some potential statistical advantage to the PCRT. 
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of the study was to investigate the association between vitamin D intake and status and the risk of islet autoimmunity (IA) and subsequent type 1 diabetes in children at increased risk of type 1 diabetes. METHODS: The Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY) in Denver, CO, USA, has been following children at increased risk of diabetes since 1993. As of February 2011, 198 children developed IA during follow-up of 2,644 DAISY children. Vitamin D intake and plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] were measured longitudinally. Proportional hazards regression analyses of time to IA, or type 1 diabetes in IA-positive children, were conducted, with vitamin D intake and 25(OH)D as time-varying covariates. HRs were calculated for a standard deviation difference in exposure, with adjustment for confounders. RESULTS: Intake of vitamin D was not associated with the risk of IA (adjusted HR 1.13; 95% CI 0.95, 1.35; p=0.18) nor progression to diabetes in IA-positive children (adjusted HR 1.30; 95% CI 0.91, 1.86; p=0.15). Moreover, 25(OH)D level was not associated with the risk of IA (adjusted HR 1.12; 95% CI 0.88, 1.43; p=0.36), nor progression to diabetes in IA-positive children (adjusted HR 0.91; 95% CI 0.68, 1.22; p=0.54). In the 128 children in whom we measured 25(OH)D at 9 months of age, 25(OH)D was not associated with risk of IA (n=30 IA-positive children) (adjusted HR 1.02; 95% CI 0.96, 1.07; p=0.58). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Neither vitamin D intake nor 25(OH)D levels throughout childhood were associated with the risk of IA or progression to type 1 diabetes in our population. 
In order to explore the associations between trace elements in dietary intake and the other three biological media (blood, urine, or feces) and inter-element interactions among the latter, we simultaneously collected 72-h diet duplicates, whole blood, and 72-h urine and feces from 120 free-living healthy males in China. Correlations among the toxic (cadmium [Cd], lead [Pb]), and nutritionally essential (zinc [Zn], copper [Cu], iron [Fe], manganese [Mn], selenium [Se], iodine [I]) elements were evaluated using Spearman rank correlation analysis based on analytical data determined by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry. Dietary Cd intakes were highly correlated with the fecal Cd and blood Cd levels. Inverse correlations were found for Fe-Cd and Fe-Pb in both diet versus blood and diet versus feces. Cd-Zn and Cd-Se were significantly directly correlated in the urine and feces. Cd-Se and Pb-Se were negatively correlated in blood. In addition, there existed an extremely significant association between urinary Se and urinary I. Moreover, the other two highly direct correlations were found for Se-Fe and for I-Fe in urine. Improved knowledge regarding their mutual associations is considered to be of fundamental importance to understand more the complex interrelationships in trace element metabolism.
Urine analysis of monohydroxy metabolites is recognized as an accurate assessment of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Despite the sophisticated arsenal of analytical tools, monitoring of monohydroxy metabolites via simple, cost effective and direct methods of analysis still remains a challenge. This article evaluates the analytical potential of solid-phase extraction room-temperature fluorescence spectroscopy for the problem at hand. Extraction membranes serve the dual purpose of sample pre-concentration and solid substrate for RTF measurements. The potential of our proposition is demonstrated with the analysis of 2-hydroxy-fluorene, 1-hydroxy-pyrene, 3-hydroxy-benzo[a]pyrene and 9-hydroxy-phenanthrene in synthetic urine samples. Signal reproducibility is improved with the aid of a sample holder specifically designed for the manual optimization of luminescence signals. Background correction of solid substrates is carried out with the aid of Asymmetric Least Squares. Recovery values for the studied metabolites varied from 99.0  1.2% (3-hydroxy-benzo[a]pyrene) to 99.9  0.05% (1-hydroxy-pyrene). With only 10 mL of urine sample, the limits of detection varied from 57 pg mL(-1) (2-hydroxy-fluorene) to 2 pg mL(-1) (1-hydroxy-pyrene). Additional figures of merit include a simple experimental procedure for routine screening of numerous samples and compatibility with portable instrumentation for field analysis. Because of the non-destructive nature of fluorescence measurements, membranes can be brought to the lab for subsequent elution and confirmation of compounds via high-resolution techniques.
Developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) causes hearing loss that may be due to reduced thyroxine during cochlear development. Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are structurally similar to PCBs and reduce thyroxine. This study utilized an environmental PCB mixture and a commercial PBDE mixture, DE-71, that represents the PBDEs found in humans to assess the potential for additive effects of PCBs and PBDEs on cochlear function. Female Long-Evans rats were dosed with corn oil vehicle, PCBs (3 or 6 mg/kg), molar equivalent doses of PBDEs (5.7 or 11.4 mg/kg), 3 mg/kg PCBs + 5.7 mg/kg PBDEs, or 6 mg/kg PCBs + 11.4 mg/kg PBDEs throughout gestation and lactation. At weaning, pup blood was taken to assess thyroxine concentrations. One male and one female from each litter were maintained until adulthood for distortion product otoacoustic emission (DPOAE) measurements of cochlear function. DPOAE amplitudes were decreased and thresholds were elevated in the 6 mg/kg PCB group. Exposure to PBDEs did not cause DPOAE deficits. There was an interactive effect from combined exposure such that the individual low doses of PCBs and PBDEs did not result in DPOAE deficits, but the two combined produced a deficit similar to that in the high-dose PCB group. Serum thyroxine concentrations of all groups were reduced compared with controls, but PBDEs produced a less dramatic reduction than PCBs, which could explain the lack of DPOAE effects. Importantly, there was evidence that the co-exposure to subthreshold doses of PCBs and PBDEs can have an additive effect on cochlear function.
AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To enable people with Type 1 diabetes to exercise safely by investigating the reproducibility of the glucose response to an algorithm for carbohydrate and insulin adjustment during and after exercise compared to their self-management strategies. BACKGROUND: Difficulties in managing blood glucose levels in Type 1 diabetes whilst exercising is known to deter people from exercise. Currently there is a limited evidence base to aid health care professionals enable people with diabetes to exercise safely. This study seeks to address this gap. DESIGN: A quasi-experimental study was undertaken amongst people with Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Over 14 days, 14 participants undertook four exercise sessions (40 minutes at 50%VO2max). Two sessions were undertaken in week 1 self-managing their diabetes and two sessions in week 2 using an algorithm for carbohydrate and insulin adjustment. RESULTS: The mean reduction of glucose levels detected by Continuous Glucose Monitoring during exercise was 31 (SD 203) mmol/l. Time spent within the range of 4-9 mmol/l during exercise was not significantly different between the self-managed and the algorithm weeks (-3-224 min). The mean reduction of blood glucose for each individual over all four exercise sessions ranged between 08-595 mmol/l. The technical error between days one and two was 24 mmol/l (CV=332%) and between days 3-4 the technical error was 27 mmol/l (CV=337%). CONCLUSIONS: The results provide useful data about the reproducibility of the blood glucose response to moderate intensity exercise, despite the variability of individual responses 40 minutes of moderate intensity exercise decreases Continuous Glucose Monitoring glucose by 3 mmol/l with or without a 30% decrease of insulin before exercise. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: This information provides valuable baseline information for people with diabetes and health care professionals who wish to encourage physical activity and undertake further research in this area. 
Blood (plasma/serum) samples from 14 adult female and their pups (1-4 days old) captured in the West Ice, east of Greenland were analysed for concentrations of total and free thyroxine and triiodothyronine (TT4, FT4, TT3, FT3), and hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs). The levels of all thyroid hormones (THs) were significantly higher in pups than in mothers. Sum OH-PCB levels (OH-PCBs: 4-OH-CB107, 3'-OH-CB138, 4-OH-CB146, 4'-OH-CB172, 4-OH-CB187) were significantly higher in mothers (3.98  1.55 pmol/g; 1.40  0.54 ng/g wet weight) as compared to pups (1.95  0.78 pmol/g; 0.68  0.28 ng/g wet weight). Plasma levels of TT4 and FT4 in mothers increased as a function of pup age, as did levels of individual OH-PCBs in both mothers and pups. The pattern of OH-PCBs in the pups was similar to their mothers. We suggest that OH-PCBs found in pups are transferred from their mothers during gestation and that the transfer also continues after parturition via milk. Principal component analysis (PCA) showed that in pups, 4-OH-CB107 and 3'-OH-CB138 were negatively associated with FT4:FT3 and TT3:FT3 ratios, respectively. These relationships were confirmed by partial correlation analysis correcting for pup age. PCA suggested that 4'-OH-CB172 and 4-OH-CB187 were negatively associated with TT3 in mothers. However, this was not confirmed by correlation tests. Although statistical relationships should be interpreted with caution, the study indicates that young developing seals are more sensitive compared to adults with respect to TH-related effects of OH-PCBs.
The exposure of the general population to phthalates is of increasing public health concern. Variations in the internal exposure of the population are likely, because the amounts, distribution and application characters of the phthalate use change over time. Estimating the chronological sequences of the phthalate exposure, we performed a retrospective human biomonitoring study by investigating the metabolites of the five most prominent phthalates in urine. Therefore, 24h-urine samples from the German Environmental Specimen Bank (ESB) collected from 240 subjects (predominantly students, age range 19-29 years, 120 females, 120 males) in the years 2002, 2004, 2006 and 2008 (60 individuals each), were analysed for the concentrations of mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP) as metabolite of di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP), mono-iso-butyl phthalate (MiBP) as metabolite of di-iso-butyl phthalate (DiBP), mono-benzyl phthalate (MBzP) as metabolite of butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP), mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (5oxo-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-carboxypentyl) phthalate (5cx-MEPP) and mono-(2-carboxymethyl hexyl) phthalate (2cx-MMHxP) as metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP), monohydroxylated (OH-MiNP), monooxidated (oxo-MiNP) and monocarboxylated (cx-MiNP) mono-iso-nonylphthalates as metabolites of di-iso-nonyl phthalates (DiNP). Based on the urinary metabolite excretion, together with results of a previous study, which covered the years 1988-2003, we investigated the chronological sequences of the phthalate exposure over two decades. In more than 98% of the urine samples metabolites of all five phthalates were detectable indicating a ubiquitous exposure of people living in Germany to all five phthalates throughout the period investigated. The medians in samples from the different years investigated are 65.4 (2002), 38.5 (2004), 29.3 (2006) and 19.6 g/l (2008) for MnBP, 31.4 (2002), 25.4 (2004), 31.8 (2006) and 25.5 g/l (2008) for MiBP, 7.8 (2002), 6.3 (2004), 3.6 (2006) and 3.8 g/l (2008) for MBzP, 7.0 (2002), 5.6 (2004), 4.1 (2006) and 3.3 g/l (2008) for MEHP, 19.6 (2002), 16.2 (2004), 13.2 (2006) and 9.6 g/l (2008) for 5OH-MEHP, 13.9 (2002), 11.8 (2004), 8.3 (2006) and 6.4 g/l (2008) for 5oxo-MEHP, 18.7 (2002), 16.5 (2004), 13.8 (2006) and 10.2 g/l (2008) for 5cx-MEPP, 7.2 (2002), 6.5 (2004), 5.1 (2006) and 4.6 g/l (2008) for 2cx-MMHxP, 3.3 (2002), 2.8 (2004), 3.5 (2006) and 3.6 g/l (2008) for OH-MiNP, 2.1 (2002), 2.1 (2004), 2.2 (2006) and 2.3 g/l (2008) for oxo-MiNP and 4.1 (2002), 3.2 (2004), 4.1 (2006) and 3.6 g/l (2008) for cx-MiNP. The investigation of the time series 1988-2008 indicates a decrease of the internal exposure to DnBP by the factor of 7-8 and to DEHP and BzBP by the factor of 2-3. In contrast, an increase of the internal exposure by the factor of 4 was observed for DiNP over the study period. The exposure to DiBP was found to be stable. In summary, we found decreases of the internal human exposure for legally restricted phthalates whereas the exposure to their substitutes increased. Future investigations should verify these trends. This is of increasing importance since the European Commission decided to require ban or authorization from 1.1.2015 for DEHP, DnBP, DiBP and BzBP according to REACh Annex XIV.
In this study, we investigated concentration, congener distribution pattern, and effects of potential environmental factors that affect PBDE accumulation. We also estimated correlation between PBDE concentration and health status or thyroid function by analyzing 90 cord blood and 21 breast milk samples obtained from Korean population. Seven from tri- to hepta-BDEs were analyzed by solid phase extraction-high-resolution gas chromatography/high-resolution mass spectrometry (SPE-HRGC/HRMS). The total concentration of 7 PBDEs in cord blood was 2.786-94.64 ng g(-1) lipid and that in breast milk was 1.076-8.664 ng g(-1) lipid. Tetra-BDE (#47) was the predominant type of PBDE and was present at concentrations of over 40% in both sample types. A weak correlation was observed between the concentration of BDE28 and 153 and thyroid hormone concentration only in the breast milk samples. In children, a weak negative correlation was observed between free thyroxine (FT4) concentration and BDE28 concentration (0.302, p<0.05), while in mothers, a weak positive correlation was observed between thyroid hormone concentration and BDE153 concentration (0.403, p<0.05). No significant correlations between PBDE concentration and work and residential environments were found in this study, but a weak correlation between BDE concentration in cord blood and potential PBDE sources was confirmed by investigating the frequency of oil paint usage (0.510, p<0.001). A weak correlation was also found between PBDE concentration in breast milk during pregnancy and dietary habits such as green tea drinking (0.541, p=0.025) and Trichiuridae intake (0.565, p=0.015).
The aim of the present cross-sectional study was to assess the potential relationships between fruit and vegetable (FV) consumption and some oxidative stress markers in young adults, with particular emphasis on fibre and vitamin C intake. The study enrolled 246 healthy subjects (eighty-eight men and 158 women), with a mean age of 22 (sd 3) years and a mean BMI of 219 (sd 28) kg/m2. Dietary intake, anthropometry, blood pressure, lifestyle features and blood biochemical data were assessed with validated procedures. Those subjects in the highest tertile (T) of FV consumption (  705 g/d) had statistically lower oxidised LDL (ox-LDL) concentrations as well as higher plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity (P for trend <005), after adjusting for sex, age, energy intake, physical activity, smoking, BMI, vitamin supplement use and other confounding factors. Moreover, plasma ox-LDL concentrations showed a decreasing trend and TAC an increasing trend across tertiles of fibre (T3: 14 g/d) and vitamin C (T3: 150 mg/d) from FV intake, while GPx activity was positively associated with vitamin C intake (P for trend < 005). In conclusion, greater FV consumption was independently associated with reduced ox-LDL as well as increased TAC and GPx activity in healthy young adults, with dietary fibre and vitamin C from FV clearly being implicated in this beneficial relationship.
Although a single measurement of urinary cotinine is often used for biological monitoring, the validity of this measurement for estimating long-term exposure has not been well evaluated. The purpose of this study was to determine the efficacy of using a single measurement per person to estimate long-term smoking exposure in an elderly population. Analysis was conducted using a cohort of elderly subjects for whom multiple urinary cotinine measurements had been collected over eight weeks. The mixed-effects model of urinary cotinine indicated that interpersonal variability was greater than temporal variability. The efficacy of using single measurements to track the mean long-term exposure of a population is supported by the relatively consistent population averages. The classification of high and low exposure groups using a single measurement or using eight measurements produced similar group distributions. When using cut-off levels of 20 and 100 g cotinine/g creatinine, 9.3% and 5.6% of individual exposures were misclassified, respectively, when using a single measurement. Urinary cotinine can be a useful biomarker for characterizing exposure to tobacco smoke. Although the incidence of misclassification decreased with an increase in the number of measurements, a single measurement of the urinary cotinine level may accurately represent long-term exposure to tobacco smoke.
Frequent sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) intake has been consistently associated with increased adiposity and cardio-metabolic risk, whereas the association with diet beverages is more mixed. We examined how these beverages associate with regional abdominal adiposity measures, specifically visceral adipose tissue (VAT). In a cross-sectional analysis of 791 non-Hispanic white men and women aged 18-70 we examined how beverage consumption habits obtained from a food frequency questionnaire associate with overall and abdominal adiposity measures from MRI. With increasing frequency of SSB intake, we observed increases in waist circumference (WC) and the proportion of visceral to subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (VAT%), with no change in total body fat (TBF%) or BMI. Greater frequency of diet beverage intake was associated with greater WC, BMI, and TBF%, but was not associated with variation in visceral adiposity We conclude that increased frequency of SSB consumption is associated with a more adverse abdominal adipose tissue deposition pattern.
We examined biomarkers of selenium status (whole blood Se; serum Se; glutathione peroxidase activity) and thyroid status (concentrations and ratios of thyroxine, T4; tri-iodothyronine, T3; albumin) in polar bears to assess variations among cohorts, and relationships to circulating concentrations of contaminants. Concentrations of total mercury (Hg) in whole blood were similar among cohorts (prime aged males and females, older animals, ages16 years, and young animals, ages 1-5 years; 48.4435. 81; p=0.253). Concentrations of sum of seven polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB7) in whole blood were greater in females (with and without cubs, 26.4425.82 ng/g ww) and young (26.8110.67 ng/g ww) compared to males (8.885.76 ng/g ww, p<0.001), and significantly related to reduced body condition scores (p<0.001). Concentrations of Se and albumin were significantly greater in males than females (whole blood Se, males, 42.34 pmol/g ww, females, 36.256.27 pmol/g ww, p=0.019; albumin, males, 4.340.34 g/dl, females, 4.100.29 g/dL, p=0.018). Glutathione peroxidase activity ranged from 109.1 to 207.8 mU/mg hemoglobin, but did not differ significantly by sex or age (p>0.08). Thyroid hormones were greater in females (solitary females and females with cubs) compared to males (p<0.001). Biomarkers of Se status and concentrations of T3 were significantly positively related to Hg in all prime aged polar bears (p<0.03). Albumin concentrations were significantly positively related to total TT4, and significantly negatively related to concentrations of PCB7 (p<0.003). Total thyroxine (TT4) was significantly negatively associated with blood concentrations of PCB7 in solitary females (p=0.045). These data suggest that female polar bears were more susceptible to changes in blood-based biomarkers of selenium and thyroid status than males. Further classifications of the physiologic states of polar bears and repeated measures of individuals over time are needed to accurately assess the biological impact of combined toxicant exposures.
BACKGROUND: The study aimed to evaluate the diagnostic sensitivity (SE) and specificity (SP) of chronic alcohol misuse diagnosis by comparing traditional biomarkers with ethyl glucuronide (EtG), an ethanol direct metabolite, detected in the keratinic matrix. METHODS: Seventy-six subjects tested for chronic alcohol abuse for different purposes were recruited. EtG was detected in hair, whereas the analyses of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), alanine transaminase, aspartate transaminase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, mean corpuscular volume, and mean corpuscular hemoglobin were performed in serum samples. RESULTS: Of the 76 patients examined, 26 were judged by the medical doctors as subjects with alcohol abuse problems and, therefore, not eligible for driving license renewal or liver transplant. EtG in hair (SE = 0.68, SP = 1.00) showed the best diagnostic SE and SP compared with the other biomarkers investigated. Among the traditional biomarkers, only CDT proved to be suitable for forensic purposes because of the high diagnostic specificity (SP = 1.00) although it showed poor diagnostic SE (0.27). The percentage of positive samples decreased for all the biomarkers by excluding the subjects with hepatic diseases, except for EtG and CDT, suggesting that these 2 biomarkers could be less affected by false positive results, because of hepatic diseases. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed that when EtG in hair and CDT results are combined, diagnostic SE in chronic alcohol abuse diagnosis clearly improved, suggesting that complementary analysis of both these biomarkers provides the best diagnostic tool in suspected cases of chronic excessive alcohol consumption. 
Recent studies have linked increased polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in air and adverse fetal health outcomes. Urinary PAH metabolites are of interest for exposure assessment if they can predict PAHs in air. We investigated exposure to PAHs by collecting air and urine samples among pregnant women pre-selected as living in "high" (downtown and close to steel mills, n=9) and "low" (suburban, n=10) exposure areas. We analyzed first-morning urine voids from all 3 trimesters of pregnancy for urinary PAH metabolites and compared these to personal air PAH/PM(2.5)/NO(2)/NO(X) samples collected in the 3rd trimester. We also evaluated activities and home characteristics, geographic indicators and outdoor central site PM(2.5)/NO(2)/NO(X) (all trimesters). Personal air exposures to the lighter molecular weight (MW) PAHs were linked to indoor sources (candles and incense), whereas the heavier PAHs were related to outdoor sources. Geometric means of all personal air measurements were higher in the "high" exposure group. We suggest that centrally monitored heavier MW PAHs could be used to predict personal exposures for heavier PAHs only. Urine metabolites were only directly correlated with their parent air PAHs for phenanthrene (Pearson's r=0.31-0.45) and fluorene (r=0.37-0.58). Predictive models suggest that specific metabolites (3-hydroyxyfluorene and 3-hydroxyphenanthrene) may be related to their parent air PAH exposures. The metabolite 2-hydroxynaphthalene was linked to smoking and the metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene was linked to dietary exposures. For researchers interested in predicting exposure to airborne lighter MW PAHs using urinary PAH metabolites, we propose that hydroxyfluorene and hydroxyphenanthrene metabolites be considered.
The analysis of cortisol in human hair constitutes a promising method for the retrospective assessment of cumulative cortisol secretion over extended periods of time. An implicit assumption underlying the use of this method is that in the absence of major life changes hair cortisol concentrations show a high level of intraindividual stability, i.e. single hair cortisol assessments exhibit considerable trait-specificity and are only to a smaller extent influenced by state-dependent factors. Here, we present data from two independent studies examining patterns of intraindividual stability in hair cortisol levels. In study I, 45 participants were examined at two sampling points carried out one year apart from each other. In study II, 64 individuals provided data at three sampling points which occurred at two-month intervals. In both studies, at each time point hair was sampled and relevant psychosocial and hair-related variables were assessed. Results of both studies consistently revealed strong test-retest associations for repeated hair cortisol measurements ('r's between 0.68 and 0.79, 'p's <0.0001). Findings of structural equation modelling applied to data of study II showed that single hair cortisol assessments comprise a strong trait component, explaining between 59 and 82% of variance, and are only to a lesser extent influenced by state-related factors. Only inconsistent evidence for covariation of changes in hair cortisol concentrations and simultaneous changes in perceived stress or other relevant variables was seen across the two studies. The current findings suggest a considerable degree of intraindividual stability in hair cortisol levels which highlights the utility of this method for obtaining trait estimates of long-term cortisol secretion in psychoneuroendocrinological research.
We evaluated the association between alcohol consumption and blood lipid levels in elderly Korean men. This was a cross-sectional study consisting of men (n=1893) aged 60 years and older from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) 2005-2009. Demographic characteristics and dietary intake were obtained from the participants using a questionnaire, and lipid levels were determined by blood-sample analyses. After adjusting for demographic and dietary factors, alcohol consumption was negatively associated with a risk for low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (p for trend<0.001), whereas the risk for high triglycerides increased with increasing alcohol consumption (p for trend=0.014). However, the odds ratios (ORs) of high non-HDL-C and the ratio of high triglycerides to HDL-C were not significantly different with alcohol drinking. These results suggest that light consumption of alcohol decreases the risk for dyslipidemia and that heavy alcohol consumption differentially affects lipid measures according to the amount of alcohol intake in elderly men.
SETTING: Investigation of trace metal behaviour during the treatment of active pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB) patients residing in Romania. OBJECTIVE: To assess, follow and identify serum iron (Fe), copper (Cu) and zinc (Zn) levels in patients diagnosed and treated for active PTB. DESIGN: Chemical and statistical analysis of various biochemical parameters in 47 subjects diagnosed with active PTB and 170 healthy Romanian residents. RESULTS: Copper and ceruloplasmin levels were increased in patients with active PTB compared to the control group (P < 0.01), while  the serum Zn level was significantly lower than in healthy subjects (P < 0.01) or within the normal range. The present study shows that there is a significant correlation between serum Cu concentrations and ceruloplasmin. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides preliminary evidence that  Zn and Fe redistribution is operating as a primary host defence mechanism to reduce the availability of metals for microbial metabolism during infection. The study also calls attention to the fact that anti-tuberculosis treatment is sufficient to enhance the concentration of the antioxidant  species (Cu and ceruloplasmin). The data obtained suggest that serum Cu, Zn and Cu/Zn levels may serve as indirect pointers in the diagnosis of a disease but they cannot be considered as specific markers for TB. 
The molecular structure/property-affinity relationships of dietary polyphenols non-covalently binding to total plasma proteins of type II diabetes (IIDTPP) were investigated by comparing the binding constants obtained from the fluorescence titration method. An additional methoxy group in flavonoids increased their binding affinities for IIDTPP by 1.38 to 15.85 times. The hydroxylation at the 4' position (Ring B) of flavonols and the 5 position (Ring A) of isoflavones weakened the binding affinities; however, hydroxylation at other positions on flavonoids slightly enhanced or little affected the binding affinities for IIDTPP. The glycosylation of flavonoids slightly decreased or little affected the affinities for IIDTPP by less than 1 order of magnitude. The hydrogenation of the C2[double bond, length as m-dash]C3 double bond of flavone, 6-hydroxyflavone, 6-methoxyflavone and myricetin decreased the binding affinities. The galloylation of catechins significantly improved the binding affinities with IIDTPP approximately 10 to 1000 times. The esterification of gallic acid increased its binding affinity. The hydrophobic force played an important role in the binding interaction between polyphenols and IIDTPP.
The study aimed to examine the impact of prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) on infant neurodevelopment. PBDEs levels in 36 cord blood samples were analyzed with a high-resolution-gas-chromatograph/high-resolution-mass-spectrometer and infant neurodevelopment was assessed using the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development, Third Edition. The mean and median of (11)PBDEs were 6.63 and 4.63ng/g lipid, respectively. As compared to the lower PBDEs group ((11)PBDEs<4.63ng/g lipid), the higher PBDEs group ((11)PBDEs>4.63ng/g lipid) had a significantly higher actual odds ratio (OR=1.13, p<0.05) of the cognition score as well as a lower odds ratio (OR=0.904, p<0.01) of the adaptive behavior score, suggesting that prenatal PBDEs exposure may potentially affect infant neurodevelopment.
Plasma technology is becoming increasingly important for treating various environmental pollutants. Treatment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), such as those emitted from electric ovens while roasting pork, using an atmospheric plasma reactor has seldom been studied. This study investigated the characteristics of five PAH species (acenaphthalene (AcPy), acenaphthene (Acp), anthracene (Ant), benzo[a]anthracene (BaA), and benzo(ghi)perylene (BghiP)) in fumes emitted while roasting pork. The removal efficiency at different plasma output powers (0.112, 0.138, and 0.156 kJ/m(3)) of the reactor was also investigated. In the experiments, cooking fumes were generated by a small electrical oven, with pork being roasted at 200 C. After a steady state was reached, samples were collected at the inlet and outlet of the atmospheric plasma reactor. The PAHs were analyzed using gas chromatography-mass spectrophotometry. The experimental results indicated that the removal efficiency for each PAH was highest with the highest plasma reactor output power. This was also true of the total PAH concentration, but the total toxic equivalence, BaP(eq), was lowest at the medium power output. This demonstrates that the total toxicity and the removal of PAHs were not directly proportional, and careful consideration must be made by engineers when setting the treatment conditions.
Preliminary evidence in support of fruit intake for the prevention of cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is still limited. The objective of this study was to evaluate the association between fruit consumption and cardiovascular risk factors such as carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) in patients with T2DM. In this cross-sectional study, 407 patients with T2DM were recruited from August 2007 to December 2009. Dietary assessment based on 3-day 24-hour recall interviews, hsCRP levels, and CIMT were examined. Participants were categorized into three tertiles based on fruit intake. Comparisons of the participants' clinical characteristics among the three categories were performed using either one-way analysis of variance or analysis of covariance. In patients with type 2 diabetes with CIMT 1 mm, the intake of fruit was lower (P=0.001), whereas the serum hsCRP level was higher (P<0.001) compared with patients showing CIMT <1 mm. Results of the multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that the odds ratios of CIMT and hsCRP were 8% and 31% lower, respectively, in participants in the top tertile compared with those in the lowest tertile (P=0.018 and P<0.001, respectively) after adjustment for potential confounders. Hence, a reduction in hsCRP concentration and CIMT were found to be associated with an increase in fruit intake. Sufficient daily intake of fruits should, therefore, be considered as an important component of a medical nutritional therapy strategy for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases in patients with T2DM.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of whole-blood fatty acids and reported intakes of fats with risk of prostate cancer (PCa). DESIGN: Case-control study of 209 men 40-80 years old with newly diagnosed, histologically confirmed prostate cancer and 226 cancer-free men attending the same urology clinics. Whole-blood fatty acid composition (mol%) was measured by gas chromatography and diet assessed by food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: High whole-blood oleic acid composition (tertile 3 vs. tertile 1: OR, 0.37; CI, 0.14-0.0.98) and moderate palmitic acid proportions (tertile 2: OR, 0.29; CI, 0.12-0.70) (tertile 3: OR, 0.53; CI, 0.19-1.54) were inversely related to risk of PCa, whereas men with high linolenic acid proportions were at increased likelihood of PCa (tertile 3 vs. tertile 1: OR, 2.06; 1.29-3.27). Blood myristic, stearic and palmitoleic acids were not associated with PCa. Higher intakes of dietary MUFA were inversely related to prostate cancer (tertile 3 vs. tertile 1: OR, 0.39; CI 0.16-0.92). The principal source of dietary MUFA was avocado intake. Dietary intakes of other fats were not associated with PCa. CONCLUSIONS: Whole-blood and dietary MUFA reduced the risk of prostate cancer. The association may be related to avocado intakes. High blood linolenic acid was directly related to prostate cancer. These associations warrant further investigation. 
Studies published in the last 3 decades have demonstrated global human exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants. A growing body of literature suggests that PBDEs may disrupt thyroid hormone homeostasis. Although thyroid hormones play an essential role in brain development, few studies have investigated relations between prenatal exposure to PBDEs and neonatal thyroid hormone levels, and none have measured thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) levels in neonates. The authors measured 10 PBDE congeners in serum collected between October 1999 and October 2000 from 289 pregnant women living in California's Salinas Valley and abstracted TSH levels from their children's medical records. Individual PBDE congeners showed null or weak nonsignificant inverse relations with neonatal TSH. Total serum PBDE was not associated with neonatal TSH ( = 0.00, 95% confidence interval: -0.06, 0.06). Except for brominated diphenyl ether 153, a higher serum PBDE level was related to elevated odds of high TSH (80th percentile), but associations were not statistically significant. Associations were not modified by infant sex, age at TSH measurement, maternal serum polychlorinated biphenyl concentration, or mode of delivery. Results were robust to sensitivity analysis. The authors found no conclusive evidence that prenatal exposure to PBDEs at levels similar to those of the general US population is related to neonatal TSH.
The interactions between polyphenols, especially flavonoids and plasma proteins, have attracted great interest among researchers. Few papers, however, have focused on the structure-affinity relationship of polyphenols on their affinities for plasma proteins. The aim of this review is to give an overview of the research reports on the characterization, influence on the bioactivity, and the structure-affinity relationship for studying the affinities between polyphenols and plasma proteins. The molecular properties that influence the affinities of polyphenols for plasma proteins are the following: 1) One or more hydroxyl groups in the B-ring (e.g., 3',4' dihydroxylated B ring catechol group) of flavonoids enhanced the binding affinities to proteins. However, the hydroxyl group in the C-ring will weaken the binding interaction. 2) The presence of an unsaturated 2,3-bond in conjugation with a 4-carbonyl group, characteristic of flavonols structure, has been associated with stronger binding affinity with plasma proteins; 3) The glycosylation of flavonoids decreases the affinities for plasma proteins by 1-3 orders of magnitude depending on the conjugation site and the class of sugar moiety; 4) The methylation of hydroxyl groups in flavonoids slightly enhanced the affinities for plasma proteins by 2-16 times; 5) The galloylated catechins have higher binding affinities for plasma proteins than do non-galloylated catechins and the pyrogallol-type catechins have higher affinities than do the catechol-type catechins. The affinity of the catechin with 2,3-trans structure was lower than those of the catechin with 2,3-cis structure; 6) The gallotannins with more gallol groups presented a much higher percentage of binding to plasma proteins. -D-Gallotannin showed a greater affinity for plasma proteins than does the natural stereoisomer, -D-gallotannin; 7) The binding degree of chlorogenic acid with only one caffeoyl group was lower than the binding degrees of caffeoyl quinic acids with more caffeoyl groups. The methylation of phenolic acid decreased the affinity for BSA.
UNLABELLED:  The associated risk of phthalate exposure, both parent compounds in the home and their metabolites in urine, to childhood allergic and respiratory morbidity, after adjusting for exposures of indoor pollutants, especially bioaerosols, was comprehensively assessed. Levels of five phthalates in settled dust from the homes of 101 children (3-9 years old) were measured, along with their corresponding urinary metabolites. Other environmental risk factors, including indoor CO2, PM2.5, formaldehyde, 1,3--D-glucan, endotoxin, allergen and fungal levels, were concomitantly examined. Subject's health status was verified by pediatricians, and parents recorded observed daily symptoms of their children for the week that the home investigation visit took place. Significantly increased level of benzylbutyl phthalate, in settled dust, was associated with test case subjects (allergic or asthmatic children). Higher levels of dibutyl phthalate and its metabolites, mono-n-butyl phthalate, and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate were found to be the potential risk factors for the health outcomes of interest. Similarly, indoor fungal exposure remained a significant risk factor, especially for reported respiratory symptoms. The relative contribution from exposure to phthalates and indoor biocontaminants in childhood allergic and respiratory morbidity is, for the first time, quantitatively assessed and characterized. PRACTICAL IMPLICATIONS: For asthmatic and allergic children living in subtropical and highly developed environments like homes in Taiwan, controlling environmental exposure of phthalates may be viewed as equally important as avoiding indoor microbial burdens, for the management of allergy-related diseases. It is also recognized that multidisciplinary efforts will be critical in realizing the true underlying mechanisms associated with these observations. 
INTRODUCTION: Maintenance of the target blood levels of immunosuppressive drugs is one of the main factors determining transplant function. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of the conversion of tacrolimus from twice daily (Tc) to the prolonged release form administered once daily (Tc-pr) including the variability of blood concentrations and glomerular filtration rates in kidney transplantation patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective analysis evaluated 52 patients including 23 females, and 29 males with established grafts who underwent a scheduled change of treatment from Tc to Tc-pr. We examined data from six consecutive visits before and six visits after conversion. RESULTS: The average daily dose of Tc was 3.82.6 mg/24 h, whereas mean coefficient of variation (CoV) calculated from the visits before conversion was 68%. After the conversion, the mean total daily dose of Tc-pr was not significantly lower (3.21.8 mg), as was the mean CoV at six subsequent visits 57% (P=ns). Blood concentrations in both analyzed periods remained in the target range (Tc-pr 6.72.9 ng/mL versus Tc-pr 5.01.11) with a lower CoV in the case of Tc-pr compared to Tc (22% versus 44%; P<.001). There was no difference in graft function in the analyzed periods. After conversion, lower blood glucose levels were observed: 103.428.3 mg/dL versus 9525.9 mg/dL (P<.03). CONCLUSIONS: The slow-release form of tacrolimus provided greater stability of drug blood concentrations compared with the standard form administered twice daily. The change of the tacrolimus treatment from Tc to Tc-pr dosing did not effect organ function but seemed to improve glycemic control. 
OBJECTIVES: Exposure to high concentrations of persistent organochlorines may cause fetal toxicity, but the evidence at low exposure levels is limited. Large studies with substantial exposure contrasts and appropriate exposure assessment are warranted. Within the framework of the EU (European Union) ENRIECO (ENvironmental Health RIsks in European Birth Cohorts) and EU OBELIX (OBesogenic Endocrine disrupting chemicals: LInking prenatal eXposure to the development of obesity later in life) projects, we examined the hypothesis that the combination of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE) adversely affects birth weight. METHODS: We used maternal and cord blood and breast milk samples of 7,990 women enrolled in 15 study populations from 12 European birth cohorts from 1990 through 2008. Using identical variable definitions, we performed for each cohort linear regression of birth weight on estimates of cord serum concentration of PCB-153 and p,p-DDE adjusted for gestational age and a priori selected covariates. We obtained summary estimates by meta-analysis and performed analyses of interactions. RESULTS: The median concentration of cord serum PCB-153 was 140 ng/L (range of cohort medians 20-484 ng/L) and that of p,p-DDE was 528 ng/L (range of cohort medians 50-1,208 ng/L). Birth weight decreased with increasing cord serum concentration of PCB-153 after adjustment for potential confounders in 12 of 15 study populations. The meta-analysis including all cohorts indicated a birth weight decline of 150 g [95% confidence interval (CI): -250, -50 g] per 1-g/L increase in PCB-153, an exposure contrast that is close to the range of exposures across the cohorts. A 1-g/L increase in p,p-DDE was associated with a 7-g decrease in birth weight (95% CI: -18, 4 g). CONCLUSIONS: The findings suggest that low-level exposure to PCB (or correlated exposures) impairs fetal growth, but that exposure to p,p-DDE does not. The study adds to mounting evidence that low-level exposure to PCBs is inversely associated with fetal growth. 
The polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) dibenzo(a,h)anthracene, benzo(ghi)perylene, benzo(b)fluoranthene and benzo(a)pyrene have been identified in urban air from Mexico City and some of them are classified as human carcinogens. In the present study, human peripheral blood lymphocytes were exposed in vitro to different concentrations of PAHs with (+S9) or without (-S9) metabolic activation. The genotoxic and cytotoxic effects of each PAH were examined with an alkaline comet assay and trypan blue dye exclusion, and oxidative DNA damage was determined via the detection of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OhdG) adduct levels by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The DNA damage was evaluated with two genotoxicity parameters: the frequency of comets and the comet tail length. Concentrations of 20, 40, 80, 160 and 320 M DB(a,h)A-S9; 20, 40, 80, 160 and 240 M B(ghi)P-S9; 20, 30, 40, 60 and 80 M B(b)F-S9; and 80 M B(a)P-S9 for 24 h induced a small but significant increase in the means of comet frequency, in the tail length and in the 8-oHDg levels in relation to the control (0.5% DMSO-S9). However, all PAHs+S9 produced a more significant increase in DNA strand breaks and the level of 8-OHdG compared with the control (0.5% DMSO+S9), with a concentration-effect relationship. The viability of lymphocytes exposed to all PAHs-S9 and PAHs+S9 was not modified compared with the control. The results of this study demonstrate that the comet and ELISA are rapid, suitable and sensitive methods to detect in vitro PAH-induced DNA damage in human peripheral lymphocytes.
The present study used a systematic review approach to identify relevant randomised control trials (RCT) with vitamin D and then apply meta-regression to explore the most appropriate model of the vitamin D intake-serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) relationship to underpin setting reference intake values. Methods included an updated structured search on Ovid MEDLINE; rigorous inclusion/exclusion criteria; data extraction; and meta-regression (using different model constructs). In particular, priority was given to data from winter-based RCT performed at latitudes >495N (n 12). A combined weighted linear model meta-regression analyses of natural log (Ln) total vitamin D intake (i.e. diet and supplemental vitamin D) v. achieved serum 25(OH)D in winter (that used by the North American Dietary Reference Intake Committee) produced a curvilinear relationship (mean (95 % lower CI) serum 25(OH)D (nmol/l) = 92 (85) Ln (total vitamin D)). Use of non-transformed total vitamin D intake data (maximum 1400 IU/d; 35 g/d) provided for a more linear relationship (mean serum 25(OH)D (nmol/l) = 0044  (total vitamin D)+33035). Although inputting an intake of 600 IU/d (i.e. the RDA) into the 95 % lower CI curvilinear and linear models predicted a serum 25(OH)D of 544 and 552 nmol/l, respectively, the total vitamin D intake that would achieve 50 (and 40) nmol/l serum 25(OH)D was 359 (111) and 480 (260) IU/d, respectively. Inclusion of 95 % range in the model to account for inter-individual variability increased the predicted intake of vitamin D needed to maintain serum 25(OH)D  50 nmol/l to 930 IU/d. The model used to describe the vitamin D intake-status relationship needs to be considered carefully when setting new reference intake values in the Europe.
No nationwide study has ever measured polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and organochlorine pesticide (OCP) body burden in Canadians aged 65 years and over. The objective of this study was to determine plasma concentrations of PCB congeners and OCPs in participants from a sub-cohort of the Canadian Study of Health and Aging and to examine the effects of socio-demographic, anthropometric and lifestyle characteristics on selected organochlorine concentrations. Archived plasma samples collected from 2023 subjects were analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry using negative chemical ionization for 15 PCB congeners and 11 OCPs. Descriptive statistics were used to report PCB congeners and OCP plasma concentrations. Multivariate models were used to study whether age at blood collection, sex, education, body mass index, rural residence, geographic region, smoking status and alcohol intake influences PCB 153, the most abundant congener, and the major OCP (beta-hexachlorocyclohexane, hexachlorobenzene, trans-nonachlor, p,p'-DDE) plasma concentrations. Statistical analyses were restricted to 1979 subjects and 17 organochlorine compounds for which at least 50% of the samples had concentrations above the limit of detection. Of these, 775 were men (mean age: 82.2 years) and 1204 were women (mean age: 84.6 years). The median concentrations (ng/g lipid) of PCB 153 in the plasma of men and women were 70.9 and 75.4, respectively. The levels of the sum of PCBs and the sum of dioxin-like PCBs were 276 and 31.3 for men, and 300 and 45.5 for women, respectively. The median concentrations (ng/g lipid) of p,p'-DDE, the most abundant OCP, were 565 for men and 828 for women. All compounds were positively and significantly intercorrelated (rs=0.39-0.99; p<0.001). Except for trans-nonachlor, the multivariate models revealed that age and male sex were the determining characteristics that showed, respectively, strongly positive and negative associations with selected organochlorine concentrations. These plasma concentrations from a large population based study can be considered as baseline data for body burdens of older Canadians.
Uncertainty concerning the measurement error properties of self-reported diet has important implications for the reliability of nutritional epidemiology reports. Biomarkers based on the urinary recovery of expended nutrients can provide an objective measure of short-term nutrient consumption for certain nutrients and, when applied to a subset of a study cohort, can be used to calibrate corresponding self-report nutrient consumption assessments. A nonstandard measurement error model that makes provision for systematic error and subject-specific error, along with the usual independent random error, is needed for the self-report data. Three estimation procedures for hazard ratio (Cox model) parameters are extended for application to this more complex measurement error structure. These procedures are risk set regression calibration, conditional score, and nonparametric corrected score. An estimator for the cumulative baseline hazard function is also provided. The performance of each method is assessed in a simulation study. The methods are then applied to an example from the Women's Health Initiative Dietary Modification Trial.
We measured the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and non-dioxin-like PCBs in paired samples of blood and breast milk collected from 67 secundiparas in Sapporo City, Japan, and combined this data with those of the 30 secundiparas previously measured. The arithmetic mean total toxic equivalents (TEQ-WHO) concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, non-ortho PCBs, and mono-ortho PCBs in blood and breast milk of the 97 secundiparous subjects were 3.0-23 (mean: 13, median: 14) and 2.7-20 (mean: 8.6, median: 8.5) pg TEQ g(-1) lipid, respectively. The sums of the concentrations of 56 non-dioxin-like PCB congeners that were measured in the subjects' blood and breast milk were 16-326 (mean: 107, median: 100) and 12-252 (mean: 73, median: 67) ng g(-1) lipid, respectively. The partitioning ratios of individual congeners of PCDDs, PCDFs, dioxin-like PCBs, and non-dioxin-like PCBs from blood to breast milk in secundiparas were almost the same as those of primiparas that have been recently reported, suggesting that the partitioning ratios of these compounds from maternal blood to breast milk in women is little affected by delivery. Furthermore, the partition of PCB congeners with chlorine at the 2-, 3-, 4'-, and 5-positions or the 2-, 4-, 4'-, and 5-positions of the biphenyl ring from the blood to the breast milk tended to occur at a higher level than that of other congeners. In particular, the levels of tetraCB-74 and hexaCB-146 in the breast milk for both primiparous and secundiparous mothers were slightly higher than those in the blood.
Proinflammatory cytokine responses might occur in elderly individuals with cardiovascular (CV) disease, cerebro-vascular (CVA) disease, and/or pulmonary disease (PD). Spiritual activation is an important coping mechanism, since psychiatric depression is an important risk factor for these individuals. Thirty-three very elderly individuals (87  8 years) with previous CVD, CVA and/or PD participated in weekly 30 minute sermons by chaplains for over 20 months of chaplain liturgy (CL group). All underwent Holter ECG during the procedures and cardiac autonomic activities were assessed by maximum entropy analysis. Plasma IL-10 and IL-6 levels were compared with 26 age-matched (85  10 years) individuals who did not participate in these activities (non-CL group). Both high frequency (HF) and pNN50 of heart rate variability (HRV) were higher in the CL group than in the non-CL group (HF, 190  55 versus 92  43 nu, P < 0.05; pNN50, 10.5  16% versus 3.6  3.8%, P < 0.05), whereas LF/HF was lower (1.4  1.5 versus 2.2  2.8, P < 0.05). Levels of IL-10/IL-6 were higher in the CL group (3.96  5.0 versus 1.79  1.6, P < 0.05). Hospitalization rates due to CVD and/or PD were lower in the CL group than in the non-CL group (4/33 versus 11/26, P < 0.05). We conclude that spiritual activation can modify proinflammatory cytokines and suppress CVD, CVA and/or PD via vagal modifications. Spiritual activation might be helpful for health in these very elderly individuals.
BACKGROUND: Sufficient epidemiologic evidence shows an etiologic link between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) exposure and lung cancer risk. While the genetic modifications have been found in PAH-exposed population, it is unclear whether gene-specific methylation involves in the process of PAH-associated biologic consequence. METHODS: Sixty-nine PAH-exposed workers and 59 control subjects were recruited. Using bisulfite sequencing, we examined the methylation status of p16(INK4) promoter in peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) from PAH-exposed workers and in benzo(a)pyrene (BaP)-transformed human bronchial epithelial (HBE) cells. The relationships between p16(INK4) methylation and the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-OHP) or the frequency of cytokinesis block micronucleus (CBMN) were analyzed. RESULTS: Compared with the control group, PAH-exposed workers exhibited higher levels of urinary 1-OHP (10.62 vs. 2.52 g/L), p16(INK4) methylation (7.95% vs. 1.14% for 22 "hot" CpG sites), and CBMN (7.28% vs. 2.92%) in PBLs. p16(INK4) hypermethylation in PAH-exposed workers exhibited CpG site specificity. Among the 35 CpG sites we analyzed, 22 were significantly hypermethylated. These 22 hypermethylated CpG sites were positively correlated to levels of urinary 1-OHP and CBMN in PBLs. Moreover, the hypermethylation and suppression of p16 expression was also found in BaP-transformed HBER cells. CONCLUSION: PAH exposure induced CpG site-specific hypermethylation of p16(INK4) gene. The degree of p16(INK4) methylation was associated with the levels of DNA damage and internal exposure. IMPACT: p16(INK4) hypermethylation might be an essential biomarker for the exposure to PAHs and for early diagnosis of cancer. 
This paper provides the results of an investigation on dietary intakes and internal doses of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) for nonsmoking women from Beijing, China. Concentrations of PAHs were measured by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) for human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood samples from 40 nonsmoking women and for 144 composite food samples covering major food categories. Information on food consumption and estimated ingestion doses of PAHs by the cohort was also collected individually. Relationship among the studied human samples and relative importance of breastfeeding to the total exposure dose of infants were addressed. The median (mean and standard deviation) total concentrations of 15 PAHs in human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood with (or without) fat normalization were 278 (9.30  5.75), 819 (35.9  15.4), and 1370 (5.521  3.71) ng/g of fat, respectively, and the corresponding levels of benzo[a]pyrene equivalent (B[a]P(equiv)) were 11.2 (0.473  0.605), 16.2 (0.717  0.318), and 13.1 (0.140  0.225) ng/g of fat, respectively. The calculated intake of B[a]P(equiv) by Beijing cohort varied from 0.609 to 4.69 ngkg(-1)day(-1) with a median value of 1.93 (2.09  0.921 mean  standard deviation) ngkg(-1)day(-1). Significant correlations were found among human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood (p < 0.05) for low-molecular-weight PAHs, indicating selective transfer potential of individual PAHs from mother to fetus. Internal dose of PAHs was not in proportion to amounts of food ingestion, daily dietary intake, lifestyle, and social-demographic characteristics of the participants (p > 0.05). Ingested doses of PAHs (3.00-102 ngkg(-1)day(-1)), which were much higher than the inhaled doses (0.152-8.50 ngkg(-1)day(-1)), were 3-4 orders of magnitude lower than the recommended reference doses, unlikely to impose any obvious risk based on current knowledge.
PURPOSE: The effect of polyphenol-rich cloudy apple juice (CloA) consumption on plasma parameters related to the obesity phenotype and potential effects of interactions between CloA and allelic variants in obesity candidate genes were assessed in obese men. METHODS: In this controlled, randomized, and parallel study, n = 68, non-smoking, non-diabetic men with a BMI 27 kg/m(2) received 750 mL/day CloA (802.5 mg polyphenols) or 750 mL/day control beverage (CB, isocaloric equivalent to CloA) for 4 weeks. Further, study participants were genotyped for single-nucleotide polymorphisms in PPAR (rs1801282), UCP3 (rs1800849), IL-6 (rs1800795), FABP2 (rs1799883), INSIG2 (rs7566605), and PGC1 (rs8192678) genes. At the beginning and at the end of intervention plasma lipids, distinct adipokines and cytokines as well as anthropometric parameters were determined. RESULTS: CloA compared to CB had no significant effect on plasma lipids, plasma adipokine and cytokine levels, BMI, and waist circumference. However, CloA consumption significantly reduced percent body fat compared to CB ( % body fat: CloA: -1.0  1.3 vs. CB: -0.2  0.9, p < 0.05). The IL-6-174 G/C polymorphism showed an interaction with body fat reduction induced by CloA. Solely in C/C, but not in G/C or G/G variants, a significant reduction in body fat after 4 weeks of CloA intervention was detectable. CONCLUSION: The observed diet-gene interaction might be a first indication for the impact of individual genetic background on CloA-mediated bioactivity on obesity-associated comorbidities. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Prospective diet diaries may be more accurate than retrospective food frequency questionnaires (FFQ). The objective of this study was to compare FFQ and 7-day diet diary (7DD) measurements of fibre intake with the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD). SUBJECTS/METHODS: We compared 7DD and FFQ fibre intake in a nested case-control study in a population of 25639 men and women aged 40-79 years, surveyed in 1993-97 and followed up until 2007. Among 2151 CHD cases and 5354 controls, FFQ and 7DD fibre intake (6g/day) was examined in relation to serum total cholesterol and CHD using linear and logistic regression adjusted for age and additionally for body mass index, physical activity, smoking status, family history of CHD, social class, diabetes, alcohol, energy, saturated fat and use of lipid lowering medication, antihypertensive medication or aspirin. RESULTS: Age-adjusted serum total cholesterol was inversely associated with 7DD fibre among men and women, but with FFQ fibre among men only. In the multivariate analysis, associations with 7DD fibre were attenuated among men (regression coefficient -0.036mmol/l, s.e. 0.021, P-value 0.087) and women (regression coefficient -0.069mmol/l, s.e. 0.036, P-value 0.053), and were non-significant for FFQ fibre. Among men, age-adjusted CHD risk was inversely associated with 7DD fibre (odds ratio (OR) 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.79-0.90), but not with FFQ fibre (OR 0.96, 95% CI 0.90-1.12). Among women, age-adjusted CHD risk was inversely associated with 7DD fibre (OR 0.83, 95% CI 0.75-0.93), and had a weaker inverse borderline-significant association with FFQ fibre (OR 0.93, 95% CI 0.87-1.01). Multivariate models yielded similar results. CONCLUSIONS: Inconsistencies in diet-CHD relationships in population studies may be associated with the use of different dietary assessment methods. 
This study investigated the formation of DNA adducts of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and the possible mechanisms. DNA adduction was conducted by in vitro reaction of deoxyguanosine (dG) and DNA with PBDE-quinone (PBDE-Q) metabolites, and DNA adducts were characterized by using electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry. The results suggested DNA adduction involved Michael Addition between the exocyclic NH(2) group at the N-2 position of dG and the electron-deficient carbon of quinone, followed by reductive cyclization with loss of (bromo-)1-hydroperoxy-benzene or water to form a type I or type II adduct. PBDE-Q with substituted bromine on the quinone ring was proven to be a favorable structure to form a type I adduct, while the absence of bromine on the quinone ring resulted in a type II adduct. Lower reactivity of adduction was also observed with increasing the number of bromine atoms on the phenoxyl ring. Our data clearly demonstrated PBDEs could covalently bind to DNA mediated by quinone metabolites, depending on the degree of bromine substitution. This study opened a new view on the mechanism of toxicity of PBDEs and reported the structure of PBDE-DNA adducts, which might be valuable for the evaluation on potential in vivo formation of PBDE-DNA adducts.
Data on the fatty acid composition of the diet and that of the adipose tissue in broilers were collected from the literature. The linear regression between the dietary and the adipose tissue unsaturated to saturated fatty acids ratio (U/S ratio) was calculated because the U/S ratio of adipose tissue fat determines its melting point, which is an indicator of the consistency of poultry fat. For 54 data points from three different experiments, the linear correlation coefficient of the relationship between dietary and adipose tissue U/S ratio was 0.77. The regression equation for linoleic acid in adipose tissue as a function of dietary linoleic acid was calculated. The linoleic acid content of adipose tissue was expressed as weight percentage of total fatty acids. Intake was expressed as either weight percentage of total fatty acids or as energy percentage of total dietary metabolizable energy. The linear correlation coefficients were 0.68 and 0.78 as based on 116 or 91 data points from 15 or 12 different experiments. Significant correlations were also found for -linolenic acid. The linoleic acid content of adipose tissue was found to be correlated (r=0.87) for 25 data points with that in consumable broiler meat, which may affect serum cholesterol concentrations in humans. With the help of the regression formulas presented it may be possible to formulate broiler diets in relation to consumer health and product quality.
The colour of bovine subcutaneous (sc) adipose tissue (carcass fat) depends on the age, gender and breed of cattle. Diet is the most important extrinsic factor but its influence depends on the duration of feeding. Cattle produced under extensive grass-based production systems generally have carcass fat which is more yellow than their intensively-reared, concentrate-fed counterparts and this is caused by carotenoids from green forage. Although yellow carcass fat is negatively regarded in many countries, evidence suggests it may be associated with a healthier fatty acid profile and antioxidant content in beef, synonymous with grass feeding. Nonetheless, management strategies to reduce fat colour of grass-fed cattle are sought after. Current research suggests that yellow colour of this tissue is reduced if pasture-fed cattle are converted to a grain-based diet, which results in accretion of adipose tissue and dilution of carotenoids. Colour changes may depend on the initial yellow colour, the carotene and utilisable energy in the finishing diet, the duration of finishing, the amount of fat accumulated during finishing and the rate of utilisation of carotene from body fat. Differences in nutritional strategies which cause differences in fatty acid composition may be reflected by differences in fat colour and carotenoid concentration. Fat colour and carotenoids are prominent among a panoply of measurements which can aid the authentication of the dietary history and thus to some extent, the origin of beef, although this potential utility is complicated by the simultaneous rather than discrete use of forages and concentrates in real production systems.
Polyphenol rich diets have been associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. We examined the effect of a polyphenol rich (P-R) drink on biomarkers assessed by urinary proteomics. Thirty nine middle aged and overweight subjects were randomized to P-R drink (n = 20) or placebo (n = 19) in addition to their normal diet. After two weeks urine samples were obtained for assessment of the urinary proteome using capillary electrophoresis coupled to a mass spectrometer. A total of 93 polypeptides were found to be candidates for differential distribution with a nominal p-value <0.05, though these differences did not reach significance when multiple testing was accounted for. Sequences were determined in 19 of these demonstrating that they originate from alpha-1 antitrypsin, collagens, fibrinogen alpha and IgG kappa. Levels of 27 polypeptides were greater than 4-fold different between the two groups. Of these, 7 were previously found to be part of a coronary artery disease (CAD) specific urinary biomarker pattern. Their direction of expression was closer to the healthy state in the P-R drink group and closer to CAD state in the placebo group. Our data suggest that the P-R drink may have beneficial effects on urinary biomarkers of CAD. The data encourage the planning of future prospective studies, aimed at investigating significant effects of polyphenol rich dietary products.
Long-term consumption of walnuts is associated with lower cardiovascular disease risk in epidemiological studies, possibly through improvements in lipid profile and endothelial function. It remains to be elucidated how soon after initiation of walnut consumption beneficial effects on lipid profile and biomarkers of inflammation or vascular injury can be observed. Fifteen obese subjects (9 men and 6 women; age, 58  2.5 years; body mass index, 36.6  1.7 kg/m(2)) with the metabolic syndrome participated as inpatients in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled crossover study involving short-term placebo or walnut-enriched diet (48 g/d for 4 days). Apolipoproteins and markers of inflammation and vascular injury were measured before and after consumption of the experimental diets. Consumption of walnuts was associated with a statistically significant increase in serum apolipoprotein A concentrations (P = .03), but did not affect circulating levels of fetuin A, resistin, C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A, soluble intercellular adhesion molecules 1 and 3, soluble vascular cell adhesion protein 1, interleukins 6 and 8, tumor necrosis factor , E-selectin, P-selectin, and thrombomodulin. Four days of walnut consumption (48 g/d) leads to mild increases in apolipoprotein A concentrations, changes that may precede and lead to the beneficial effects of walnuts on lipid profile in obese subjects with the metabolic syndrome.
Leprosy is a dermato-neurological disease caused by Mycobacterium leprae infection that manifests across a wide range of clinical and immunological outcomes. Diagnosis is still currently based on clinical manifestations and simple tests are needed. This study investigated whether biomarkers induced by defined M. leprae proteins in 24-h whole blood assays (WBA) could discriminate active leprosy patients from at-risk contacts. Newly diagnosed, untreated paucibacillary (PB; tuberculoid leprosy/borderline tuberculoid [TT/BT]) and multibacillary (MB; borderline lepromatous/lepromatous leprosy [BL/LL]) leprosy patients, as well as healthy household contacts (HHC) of MB patients, were recruited in central western Brazil (Goinia/Gois). Cell-based responses to the ML0276, ML1623, ML0405, ML1632, 92f, and ML1011 antigens were measured by Luminex 14-plex assays detecting eotaxin, IFN, IL-2, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12p70, IL-15, IL-17A, IL-23, IL-31, IP-10, and TNF. Our data reinforce that IFN is currently the best indicator of the antigen-specific cellular immune response of TT/BT leprosy and demonstrate that the same antigens promote the secretion of IL-4 in blood from BL/LL leprosy patients. While none of the biomarkers tested could discriminate leprosy patients from HHC, our data indicate that, although most HHC antigen-specific responses are qualitatively similar to TT/BT patients, some HHC can respond similarly to BL/LL patients.
Organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are synthetic chemicals that are highly resistant to biodegradation and have proven adverse health effects. The objectives of this study were to determine concentrations of three selected organochlorine pesticides (p,p'-DDT, p,p'-DDE, HCB) and three specific PCB congeners (PCB 138, 153, 180) in adipose tissue and serum samples from an urban adult population (n=112) in the city of Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia, and to investigate their relationships within and between the two matrices and with selected socio-demographic characteristics. The percentages of samples positive for these compounds ranged from 40% for PCB 180 to 100% for p,p'-DDE in adipose tissue, and from 21% for HCB to 93% for p,p'-DDE in serum. Median number of residues per sample was five for adipose tissue and three for serum. Geometric mean concentrations indicate a considerable historical and recent exposure to organochlorine pesticides and PCBs in this population. Adipose tissue:serum ratios ranged from 149.3 to 590.3 (wet basis) and from 0.9 to 3.5 (lipid basis). We found positive and statistically significant correlations between adipose tissue and serum concentrations only in p,p'-DDE and HCB. This novel study in Bolivia underlines the need for human biomonitoring to assess exposure to environmental pollutants in South America.
In vivo studies indicate that prenatal or neonatal exposure of rodents to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) disrupts thyroid hormone balance, but few studies have reported an association of PBDEs and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1). The goal was to examine whether PBDEs exposure affects the levels of thyroid hormones and IGF-1 in cord blood. Study participants were healthy pregnant women recruited from the general population in central Taiwan between 2000 and 2001 and in southern Taiwan from 2007 to 2009. One-hundred-forty-nine breast milk samples (n=149), which were collected within one month after delivery, were analyzed using a high resolution gas chromatograph equipped with a high resolution mass spectrometer. The average and median levels of breast milk (14)PBDEs were 5.34 and 3.38 ng/g lipid in 2000-2001 and 5.22 and 3.13 ng/g lipid in 2007-2009, respectively. In general, levels of PBDE congeners were very low in this study population and not significantly different between the years 2000-2001 and 2007-2009. Breast milk (14)PBDEs were not significantly correlated with thyroid hormones and IGF-1 in cord blood. After examining multiple stepwise linear regression models with adjustment for maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), parity, gestational age, and region (namely, central and southern Taiwan), we found that log of T4 in cord blood was significantly but slightly correlated with higher BDE-154 (B=0.113, p=0.017) in breast milk. The log of FT4 concentration was significantly related to a decrease in the log of BDE-99 level (B=-0.137, p=0.043) and an increase in the log of BDE-154 level (B=0.158, p=0.008). Meanwhile, the log of IGF-1 level was also significantly linked to an increase in the log of BDE-196 level (B=0.532, p=0.028) and decrease in the log of BDE-85 level (B=-0.235, p=0.018). Few epidemiological studies report an association between PBDEs exposure and IGF-1. Based on our findings, further in vivo and epidemiological studies are encouraged and needed to explore associations between PBDEs exposure and levels of thyroid hormones and IGF-1.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Fiber-rich diets have been proposed to lower circulating levels of inflammatory makers. Our objective was to investigate cross-sectional relationships between fiber intake and plasma fibrinogen. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We examined the relationship between plasma fibrinogen and dietary fiber in 20,960 men and women, aged 45-75 years old, living in Norfolk, U.K. Fiber intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Mean fibrinogen levels were lower across the increasing quartiles of the fiber intake after adjusting for age, sex, body mass index, physical activity, smoking status and alcohol consumption, and total calories, percentage of energy intake from carbohydrate, protein and fat, with a difference of 0.08g/l fibrinogen between first and fourth quartiles (P for trend <0.001) for the whole population. When categorized by sex, the results for men were the same and for women, the results failed to be significant. In linear regression models, fibrinogen levels were significantly related to fiber intake for the whole population (-0.056g/l, s.e.=0.012 per 10g increase in fiber intake, P<0.001), but although the relations were in the same direction after adjusting for the same covariates above, they failed to be significant when smokers or women not using post-menopause hormone therapy were separately considered. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma fibrinogen levels appear to be inversely related to dietary fiber intake in middle-aged and older men and women. 
BACKGROUND: Animal studies indicate that some phthalate metabolites may harm female reproductive function. OBJECTIVES: We assessed the associations between exposure to phthalate metabolites and pregnancy loss. METHODS: Using a previously established cohort of couples planning their first pregnancy, we analyzed four primary and two oxidized secondary phthalate metabolites in urine samples collected on day 10 after the first day of the last menstrual period before conception occurred (n = 128) and during the previous cycle (if any, n = 111). Subclinical embryonal loss was identified by repeated measurement of urinary human chorionic gonadotropin, and information on clinical spontaneous abortions was obtained by telephone interview with the mother. RESULTS: Pregnancy loss (n = 48) was increased among women with urinary concentration of monoethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) in the upper tertile in the conception sample compared with women in the lowest tertile [adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 2.9; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.1, 7.6]. The corresponding OR for subclinical embryonal loss (n = 32) was 40.7 (95% CI: 4.5, 369.5). CONCLUSIONS: The phthalate metabolite MEHP was associated with higher occurrence of pregnancy loss. Because this is the first human study to show this association and the sample size is small, the findings need to be corroborated in independent studies. 
BACKGROUND: Endothelial dysfunction has been proposed as the underlying cause of diabetic angiopathy that eventually leads to cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in diabetes. We recently demonstrated the ameliorating effect of regular vitamin D intake on the glycemic status of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). In this study, the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects were investigated. METHODS: Subjects with T2D were randomly allocated to one of the two groups to receive either plain yogurt drink (PYD; containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL, n1 = 50) or vitamin D3-fortified yogurt drink (FYD; containing 170 mg calcium and 500 IU/250 mL, n2 = 50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measures, glycemic status, lipid profile, body fat mass (FM) and endothelial biomarkers including serum endothelin-1, E-selectin and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9 were evaluated at the beginning and after the 12-week intervention period. RESULTS: The intervention resulted in a significant improvement in fasting glucose, the Quantitative Insulin Check Index (QUICKI), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), triacylglycerols, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), endothelin-1, E-selectin and MMP-9 in FYD compared to PYD (P < 0.05, for all). Interestingly, difference in changes of endothelin-1, E-selectin and MMP-9 concentrations in FYD compared to PYD (-0.35  0.63 versus -0.03  0.55, P = 0.028; -3.8  7.3 versus 0.95  8.3, P = 0.003 and -2.3  3.7 versus 0.44  7.1 ng/mL, respectively, P < 0.05 for all), even after controlling for changes of QUICKI, FM and waist circumference, remained significant for endothelin-1 and MMP-9 (P = 0.009 and P = 0.005, respectively) but disappeared for E-selectin (P = 0.092). On the contrary, after controlling for serum 25(OH)D, the differences disappeared for endothelin-1(P = 0.066) and MMP-9 (P = 0.277) but still remained significant for E-selectin (P = 0.011). CONCLUSIONS: Ameliorated vitamin D status was accompanied by improved glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects. Our findings suggest both direct and indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D on the endothelial biomarkers. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01236846. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) have been used extensively in electrical and electronic products, but little is known about the exposure level in the electrical appliance factories workers and nearby local residents. In this study, we assessed body burdens of PBDEs in 194 Chinese injection workers from electrical appliance factories and also measured 205 blood samples from catering workers, leather factory workers, umbilical cord and infertile men for comparison. Twelve PBDE congeners in serum samples were measured by GC-MS. The highest concentration for total PBDEs was found in injection workers, which is positively correlated to employment duration. BDE-209 was the most dominant congener followed by BDE-47, 28 and 99. We also found the presence of all twelve PBDEs in cord blood, suggesting an evidence of fetal exposure. Concentration of BDE-47 was particularly higher in serum samples from infertile men in comparison with that of catering workers and leather factory workers.
Ethanol is known to improve tremor in a proportion of patients with essential tremor. Increased incidence of alcoholism has been suspected in essential tremor patients; however, no objective evaluation has been performed using laboratory markers to date. Data on alcohol intake in the last 30 days were acquired in 95 essential tremor patients and 35 healthy controls. Blood and urine markers related to alcohol metabolism and liver function were evaluated. Self-reported alcohol intake and biomarker levels were higher in essential tremor, but the difference was only significant for carbohydrate-deficient transferrin. None of the subjects presented with laboratory parameters reflecting chronic alcohol abuse. Our data do not reflect a higher incidence of alcoholism in patients with essential tremor. Their alcohol intake is well controlled and does not exceed the limits of healthy social drinking.
BACKGROUND: Alcohol is heavily consumed in sub-Saharan Africa and affects HIV transmission and treatment and is difficult to measure. Our goal was to examine the test characteristics of a direct metabolite of alcohol consumption, phosphatidylethanol (PEth). METHODS: Persons infected with HIV were recruited from a large HIV clinic in southwestern Uganda. We conducted surveys and breath alcohol concentration (BRAC) testing at 21 daily home or drinking establishment visits, and blood was collected on day 21 (n = 77). PEth in whole blood was compared with prior 7-, 14-, and 21-day alcohol consumption. RESULTS: (i) The receiver operator characteristic area under the curve (ROC-AUC) was highest for PEth versus any consumption over the prior 21 days (0.92; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.86 to 0.97). The sensitivity for any detectable PEth was 88.0% (95% CI: 76.0 to 95.6) and the specificity was 88.5% (95% CI: 69.8 to 97.6). (ii) The ROC-AUC of PEth versus any 21-day alcohol consumption did not vary with age, body mass index, CD4 cell count, hepatitis B virus infection, and antiretroviral therapy status, but was higher for men compared with women (p = 0.03). (iii) PEth measurements were correlated with several measures of alcohol consumption, including number of drinking days in the prior 21 days (Spearman r = 0.74, p < 0.001) and BRAC (r = 0.75, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The data add support to the body of evidence for PEth as a useful marker of alcohol consumption with high ROC-AUC, sensitivity, and specificity. Future studies should further address the period and level of alcohol consumption for which PEth is detectable. 
BACKGROUND: Urodynamic testing is often regarded as essential to the proper diagnosis of bladder storage and emptying disorders but urodynamic testing is an invasive and expensive procedure. Pakistan is a developing country with limited provision of urogynecological services, and therefore few urodynamic studies. STUDY DESIGN: This cross-sectional study was conducted from January 2009 to January 2010 at the Aga Khan University Hospital to assess the frequency of agreement between clinical findings and urodynamic studies in accurately diagnosing urinary incontinence. METHODS: We included 157 women and their symptoms of urge urinary incontinence (UUI), stress urinary incontinence (SUI) or mixed urinary incontinence were matched with urodynamic study findings. RESULTS: Out of 157 women 47 (29.9%) presented with SUI and 33 (21%) with UUI but urodynamic stress incontinence (USI) was found in 59 (37.6%) and detrusor overactivity in 38 (24.2%). This shows a reliability level of  = 0.41 for SUI and  = 0.7 for UUI. There was a weak agreement ( = 0.33) between clinical findings of urinary incontinence and urodynamic studies; in 78 cases (49.7%) the urodynamic findings matched the clinical findings. CONCLUSIONS: The poor level of agreement between clinical findings and urodynamic study interpretations re-emphasizes the fact that the bladder is not a reliable source of identifying urinary symptoms in women. 
Implementation of zinc interventions for subjects suspected of being zinc-deficient is a global need, but is limited due to the absence of reliable biomarkers. To discover molecular signatures of human zinc deficiency, a combination of transcriptome, cytokine, and microRNA analyses was applied to a dietary zinc depletion/repletion protocol with young male human subjects. Concomitant with a decrease in serum zinc concentration, changes in buccal and blood gene transcripts related to zinc homeostasis occurred with zinc depletion. Microarray analyses of whole blood RNA revealed zinc-responsive genes, particularly, those associated with cell cycle regulation and immunity. Responses of potential signature genes of dietary zinc depletion were further assessed by quantitative real-time PCR. The diagnostic properties of specific serum microRNAs for dietary zinc deficiency were identified by acute responses to zinc depletion, which were reversible by subsequent zinc repletion. Depression of immune-stimulated TNF secretion by blood cells was observed after low zinc consumption and may serve as a functional biomarker. Our findings introduce numerous novel candidate biomarkers for dietary zinc status assessment using a variety of contemporary technologies and which identify changes that occur prior to or with greater sensitivity than the serum zinc concentration which represents the current zinc status assessment marker. In addition, the results of gene network analysis reveal potential clinical outcomes attributable to suboptimal zinc intake including immune function defects and predisposition to cancer. These demonstrate through a controlled depletion/repletion dietary protocol that the illusive zinc biomarker(s) can be identified and applied to assessment and intervention strategies.
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Occult HBV infection (OBI) is defined by the presence of HBV DNA in the liver and/or serum and negative HBsAg testing. Since the implementation of highly sensitive HBV DNA screening, OBI is also detected in healthy blood donors. The aims of this study were to investigate HBV-specific immune responses and genetic variability in donors with OBI, established by HBV DNA in serum. METHODS: HBV-specific T-cell responses to HBV antigens were tested in 34 OBI donors by IFN- ELISpot, cytometric bead array, and intracellular cytokine staining. As comparison populations, 36 inactive HBV carriers, 22 donors with spontaneously resolved HBV infection, 24 vaccinated donors, and 25 seronegative donors were also included. Surface, pre-S, and pre-c/core genes from 44 genotype D isolates (24 OBI and 20 HBsAg-positive) were sequenced. RESULTS: The immune response of OBI donors to the 3 HBV antigens was 29-41%, similar to the response in subjects with resolved HBV infection and higher than that in HBsAg-positive subjects. On sequence analysis, OBI donors presented a higher HBsAg mutation rate than HBsAg-positive subjects. Mutations were clustered in the major hydrophilic region of HBsAg, and no stop codons or relevant mutations that could affect antigen formation or detection were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that immune response can suppress viral replication to low levels and HBsAg expression to undetectable levels in OBI blood donors. Relevant mutations were not found in the genomic HBsAg coding region. Hence, the fact that HBsAg was not detected in OBI is likely due to low HBsAg production, rather than to a failure of laboratory reagents. 
PURPOSE: Upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma is rare. Evidence shows that it behaves differently from urothelial bladder tumors. A polymorphism located at the T allele of rs9642880 on chromosome 8q24 is linked to an enhanced risk of bladder tumors. We explored the association of this polymorphism with susceptibility to upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We genotyped the constitutional DNA of 261 patients with upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma and 261 healthy controls matched for age, gender, smoking habit and ethnicity. Polymorphisms at rs9642880 on chromosome 8q24 were determined using the 5' nuclease polymerase chain reaction method with specific primers and probes. Frequencies were compared between cases and controls. Genotypes were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium for cases and controls. RESULTS: Mean patient age was 68.7 years. The T/T genotype resulted in a significantly higher risk of upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma (OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.1-2.8, p = 0.028). Using single polytomous regression analysis the T/T genotype was also associated with aggressive tumors when stratified by stage (p = 0.003), or grade G2 (p = 0.04) or G3 (p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our results strongly suggest that the T/T rs9642880 genotype is a risk factor for upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma, as previously shown for bladder tumors. In contrast to bladder carcinoma, for upper urinary tract urothelial carcinoma the T/T genotype is associated with aggressiveness. 
INTRODUCTION: Flow cytometry is often used to measure in vivo platelet activation in critically-ill patients. Variability in blood sampling techniques, which may confound these measurements, remains poorly characterized. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Platelet activation was measured by flow cytometry performed on arterial and venous blood from 116 critically-ill patients. We determined how variability in vascular sampling site, processing times, and platelet counts influenced levels of platelet-monocyte aggregates (PMA), PAC-1 binding (for glycoprotein (GP) IIbIIIa), and P-selectin (P-SEL) expression. RESULTS: Levels of PMA, but not PAC-1 binding or P-SEL expression, were significantly affected by variability in vascular sampling site. Average PMA levels were approximately 60% higher in whole blood drawn from an arterial vessel compared to venous blood (16.21.8% vs. 10.71.2%, p<0.05). Levels of PMA in both arterial and venous blood increased significantly during ex vivo processing delays (1.7% increase for every 10 minute delay, p<0.05). In contrast, PAC-1 binding and P-SEL expression were unaffected by processing delays. Levels of PMA, but not PAC-1 binding or P-SEL expression, were correlated with platelet count quartiles (9.41.6% for the lowest quartile versus 15.41.6% for the highest quartile, p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In critically-ill patients, variability in vascular sampling site, processing times, and platelet counts influence levels of PMA, but not PAC-1 binding or P-SEL expression. These data demonstrate the need for rigorous adherence to blood sampling protocols, particularly when levels of PMA, which are most sensitive to variations in blood collection, are measured for detection of in vivo platelet activation. 
Though adolescents consume more fructose than any other age group, the relationship between fructose consumption and markers of cardiometabolic risk has not been established in this population. We determined associations of total fructose intake (free fructose plus one-half the intake of free sucrose) with cardiometabolic risk factors and type of adiposity in 559 adolescents aged 14-18 y. Fasting blood samples were measured for glucose, insulin, lipids, adiponectin, and C-reactive protein. Diet was assessed with 4-7 24-h recalls and physical activity (PA) was determined by accelerometry. Fat-free soft tissue (FFST) mass and fat mass were measured by DXA. The s.c. abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT) and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) were assessed using MRI. Multiple linear regression, adjusting for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, FFST mass, fat mass, PA, energy intake, fiber intake, and socioeconomic status, revealed that fructose intake was associated with VAT ( = 0.13; P = 0.03) but not SAAT (P = 0.15). Significant linear upward trends across tertiles of fructose intake were observed for systolic blood pressure, fasting glucose, HOMA-IR, and C-reactive protein after adjusting for the same covariates (all P-trend < 0.04). Conversely, significant linear downward trends across tertiles of fructose intake were observed for plasma HDL-cholesterol and adiponectin (both P-trend < 0.03). When SAAT was added as a covariate, these trends persisted (all P-trend < 0.05). However, when VAT was included as a covariate, it attenuated these trends (all P-trend > 0.05). In adolescents, higher fructose consumption is associated with multiple markers of cardiometabolic risk, but it appears that these relationships are mediated by visceral obesity.
The widespread use of phthalates results in human exposure: phthalates are rapidly metabolized to their respective monoesters and other oxidative products, which are glucuronidated and excreted through the urine and feces. Several in vivo studies showed that some phthalates, in particular diethyl-hexyl phthalate (DEHP), diethyl phthalate (DEP), di(n-butyl)phthalate (DnBP) and n-butylbenzylphthalate (BBzP), are able to interact with the human endocrine system, interfering with the reproduction ability. In this study, 56 couples were recruited from a centre of assisted reproduction. Spot urine samples were collected and five urinary metabolites of the above phthalates were determined using an HPLC/MS/MS analytical method with isotopic dilution. The results were compared with those of 56 couples of parents of one or more children and the statistical analysis revealed a significant difference between the two groups in terms of urinary concentrations of phthalates metabolites. A further step will be the correlation of these results with information on the life styles and working conditions collected through a specifically designed questionnaire.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of increases in dietary intake of polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids on plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations and activity of associated enzymes in healthy domestic cats. ANIMALS: 16 healthy adult sexually intact female cats. PROCEDURES: A baseline diet (40% energy from fat) and 4 test diets, with increased amounts of fat (51% and 66% energy from fat) from the addition of polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids, were fed for 6 weeks each. Plasma cholesterol, triglyceride, and lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, along with activities of lipoprotein lipase, hepatic lipase, and lecithin-cholesterol acyl transferase, were measured at the end of each feeding period. RESULTS: Diet, amount of fat, or ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids had no effect on plasma concentrations of cholesterol, triglycerides, and very-low-density or high-density lipoproteins or the activity of lecithin-cholesterol acyl transferase. Low-density lipoprotein concentrations were significantly lower in cats fed a high-fat diet containing polyunsaturated fatty acids. Lipoprotein concentration and hepatic lipase activity were significantly higher in cats fed the fat-supplemented diets, and this was unrelated to whether diets were enriched with polyunsaturated or saturated fatty acids. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Diets containing up to 66% of energy from fat were tolerated well by healthy cats and did not affect plasma lipid concentrations. Therefore, high-fat diets probably will not contribute to hypercholesterolemia or hypertriglyceridemia in cats. 
As endocrine-disrupting chemicals, a few frequently used phthalate plasticizers were banned or restricted for use as additives in food in some countries. The interaction mechanisms between three phthalate plasticizers with human serum albumin (HSA) were studied by fluorescence (quenching, synchronous, and three-dimensional), UV-vis absorption, circular dichroism (CD), and Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopy, in combination with molecular modeling under simulative physiological conditions, respectively. The results obtained from fluorescence quenching data revealed that the plasticizers-HSA interaction altered the conformational strcture of HSA. Meanwhile, the alterations of HSA secondary structure in the presence of phthalate plasticizers were investigated. The binding distances for the plasticizers-HSA system were provided by the efficiency of fluorescence resonance energy transfer. Furthermore, the thermodynamic analysis implied that hydrophobic forces were the main interaction for the plasticizers-HSA system, which agreed well with the results from the molecular modeling study.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Epidemiological and clinical studies suggest that low-glycemic index diets could protect against weight gain. However, the relationship between these diets and adipokines or inflammatory markers is unclear. In the present study we examine how the dietary glycemic index (GI) and dietary glycemic load (GL) are associated with several adipokines and related metabolic risk markers of obesity and diabetes in a cross-sectional and longitudinal manner. METHODS AND RESULTS: 511 elderly community-dwelling men and women at high cardiovascular risk were recruited for the PREDIMED trial. Dietary data were collected at baseline and after 1 year of follow-up. The GI and GL were calculated. Plasma leptin, adiponectin and other metabolic risk markers were measured at baseline and after 1 year. At baseline, subjects in the highest quartiles of GI showed significantly higher levels of TNF and IL-6 than those in the lowest quartiles. Dietary GI index was negatively related to plasma leptin and adiponectin levels. After 1 year of follow-up, subjects with a higher increase in dietary GI or GL showed a greater reduction in leptin and adiponectin plasma levels. There was no association between GI or GL and the other metabolic markers measured. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that the consumption of high-GI or high-GL diets may modulate plasma concentrations of leptin and adiponectin, both adipostatic molecules implicated in energy balance and cardiometabolic risk. 
OBJECTIVE: Higher serum phosphorus concentrations are associated with cardiovascular disease events and mortality. Low socioeconomic status is linked with higher serum phosphorus concentration, but the reasons are unclear. Poor individuals disproportionately consume inexpensive processed foods commonly enriched with phosphorus-based food preservatives. Accordingly, we hypothesized that excess intake of these foods accounts for a relationship between lower socioeconomic status and higher serum phosphorus concentration. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: We examined a random cohort of 2,664 participants with available phosphorus measurements in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, a community-based sample of individuals free of clinically apparent cardiovascular disease from across the United States. PREDICTOR VARIABLES: Socioeconomic status, the intake of foods commonly enriched with phosphorus-based food additives (processed meats, sodas), and frequency of fast-food consumption. OUTCOMES: Fasting morning serum phosphorus concentrations. RESULTS: In unadjusted analyses, lower income and lower educational achievement categories were associated with modestly higher serum phosphorus concentration (by 0.02 to 0.10 mg/dL, P < .05 for all). These associations were attenuated in models adjusted for demographic and clinical factors, almost entirely due to adjustment for female gender. In multivariable-adjusted analyses, there were no statistically significant associations of processed meat intake or frequency of fast-food consumption with serum phosphorus. In contrast, each serving per day higher soda intake was associated with 0.02 mg/dL lower serum phosphorus concentration (95% confidence interval, -0.04, -0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Greater intake of foods commonly enriched with phosphorus additives was not associated with higher serum phosphorus concentration in a community-living sample with largely preserved kidney function. These results suggest that excess intake of processed and fast foods may not impact fasting serum phosphorus concentrations among individuals without kidney disease. 
PURPOSE: The objective of the study was to undertake a clinical audit of departmental performance in the measurement of glomerular filtration rate (GFR) using the coefficient of variation (CV) of extracellular fluid volume (ECFV) as the benchmark. ECFV is held within narrow limits in healthy subjects, narrower than GFR, and should therefore have a low CV. METHODS: Fifteen departments participated in this retrospective study of healthy renal transplant donors. Data were analysed separately for men (n ranged from 28 to 115 per centre; total = 819) and women (n = 28-146; 1,059). All centres used the slope-intercept method with blood sample numbers ranging from two to five. Subjects did not fast prior to GFR measurement. GFR was scaled to body surface area (BSA) and corrected for the single compartment assumption. GFR scaled to ECFV was calculated as the terminal slope rate constant and corrected for the single compartment assumption. ECFV/BSA was calculated as the ratio of GFR/BSA to GFR/ECFV. RESULTS: The departmental CVs of ECFV/BSA and GFR/BSA ranged from 8.3 to 25.8% and 12.8 to 21.9%, respectively, in men, and from 9.6 to 21.1% and 14.8 to 23.7%, respectively, in women. Both CVs correlated strongly between men and women from the same centre, suggesting department-specific systematic errors. GFR/BSA was higher in men in 14 of 15 centres, whereas GFR/ECFV was higher in women in 14 of 15 centres. Both correlated strongly between men and women, suggesting regional variation in GFR. CONCLUSION: The CV of ECFV/BSA in normal subjects is a useful indicator of the technical robustness with which GFR is measured and, in this study, indicated a wide variation in departmental performance. 
BACKGROUND: The effect of exposure to disinfection by-products (DBPs) during pregnancy on newborn's birth weight has been commonly described in animal studies. However, epidemiological evidence was not consistent. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the relationship between exposure to DBPs and newborn's birth weight in a Chinese population, we conducted a cross-sectional study in Wuhan, China. METHODS: A total number of 398 women who had given birth to a live singleton with a gestational age between 37 to 42 weeks were recruited from a local hospital between November 2008 and May 2009. Basic information for all mothers and newborns was obtained from clinic birth records. Among these subjects, 180 women also gave further information including maternal medical history, social status and water-use behaviors by a face-to-face interview. Urinary creatinine (Cr) adjusted trichloroacetic (TCAA) was used as an exposure biomarker. RESULTS: No statically significant results were found in the linear regression for both 398 participants and 180 participants who finished questionnaires. However, both the crude and adjusted results showed that the mean birth weight of the subjects in the third and top quartiles of Cr-adjusted urinary TCAA concentrations was decreased compared with those in the lowest quartile. Subjects in the top quartiles had the lowest mean birth weight compared to those in other quartiles. In addition, a weak correlation was observed among 82 subjects between drinking water ingestion and urinary Cr-adjusted TCAA (r=0.23, P=0.04). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggested that elevated exposure to DBPs may affect fetal growth. The effect of exposure to DBPs during pregnancy on birth weight still warrants further investigations. 
PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that blood glucose amplitude variability (BGAV) is associated with mortality in critically ill patients. METHOD: A prospectively collected multicenter data set including all glucose measurements during intensive care unit (ICU) treatment and outcome was analyzed. We used logistic regression to assess the association between hospital mortality and standard deviation (SD), mean amplitude of glycemic excursions (MAGE), mean absolute glucose change per hour (MAG), and glycemic lability index (GLI). The analysis was adjusted for ICU, Acute Physiology And Chronic Health Evaluation IV-expected mortality, the presence of severe hypoglycemia, mean glucose, mean glucose measurement interval, and interaction between the latter 2. RESULTS: There were 855,032 glucose measurements included of 20,375 patients admitted to 37 Dutch ICUs in 2008 and 2009. Median Acute Physiology And Chronic Health Evaluation IV-predicted mortality was 14%, and median glucose was 7.3 mmol/L. In all patients combined, adjusted hospital mortality was associated with SD and MAGE, but not with MAG and GLI. In surgical patients, adjusted hospital mortality was associated with SD, MAGE, and MAG, but not GLI. In medical patients, adjusted mortality was associated with SD but not with other BGAV measures. CONCLUSION: Not all BGAV measures were associated with mortality. Blood glucose amplitude variability as quantified by SD was consistently independently associated with hospital mortality. 
Weaning rats were fed a niacin-free 20% casein diet. Twenty-four-h-urine samples were collected, and nicotinamide and its catabolites were measured. A correlation was found between the urinary excretory ratio of nicotinamide catabolites (N(1)-methyl-2-pyridone-5-carboxamide + N(1)-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide)/N(1)-methylnicotinamide and the tryptophan-nicotinamide conversion ratio during growing period of the rats. This indicates the possibility that the conversion ratio can be deduced from the excretory ratio.
8-Hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), a biomarker of oxidative DNA damage, has been extensively studied to assess human exposure to carcinogenic compounds. Previous studies have associated levels of human urinary hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) with those of 8-OHdG. However, measurements of OH-PAHs and 8-OHdG in urine are often conducted with two different analytical methods, which is both costly and time-consuming. In this study, a novel method is described to quickly and simultaneously quantify ten urinary OH-PAHs and 8-OHdG through high pressure liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC/MS/MS). Urine samples undergo solid phase extraction and concentration and then are analyzed by an optimized HPLC/MS/MS method operated in the negative electrospray ionization (ESI) and multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) mode. Deuterated, (15)N and (13)C- labeled analogues are used as internal standards. Simultaneous analysis of urinary 8-OHdG and OH-PAHs are completed within 16 min. Calibration curves of all target analytes show favorable linearity within the concentration range of 0.3-10.0 g/L for 8-OHdG and 0.05-15 g/L for different OH-PAHs. The method detection limits (MDLs) in pooled urine range from 0.023 g/L to 0.625 g/L. The method shows satisfactory accuracy and precision when we analyzed varied levels spiked in pooled urine. Recoveries for 8 of the 10 OH-PAHs were in the range of 100  15% with a variation coefficient of less than 20%. Thirty-four real urine samples were analyzed for all target analytes. Except 3-OHF, most compounds could be quantified.
Di-isononyl phthalate (DINP) is a high molecular weight general purpose plasticizer used principally in the manufacture of flexible polyvinyl chloride (PVC) articles. DINP metabolites can be measured in biological media such as blood and urine. However, measurement of a substance in the blood or urine does not by itself mean that the chemical causes or is associated with adverse health outcomes. This is particularly pertinent given the advances in modern analytical techniques whereby ever diminishing trace amounts of substances can be detected. Therefore, it is a scientific necessity that risk assessors understand the relationship of biomonitoring data to estimation of exposure so that appropriate comparisons can be made to the no observed adverse effects levels (NOAELs) or other points of departure from toxicological studies in animals. In this paper, estimates of daily DINP intake are calculated for various population segments based on urinary biomonitoring data and are compared to estimates of exposure based on indirect methods and to health-based exposure guidance values. In general, intake estimates converge on a mean of 1-2g/kg/day regardless of source of exposure or population cluster; a value 2-orders of magnitude lower than health-based exposure guidance values, ranging from 120 to 290g/kg/day, which have been established by regulatory authorities and other authoritative bodies as representing acceptable levels.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: To evaluate reproducibility and intergrader agreement of total retinal blood flow (TRBF) measurements obtained by semi-automated grading of Doppler Fourier-domain optical coherence tomography (FD-OCT) scans. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Doppler FD-OCT scans were obtained from 20 eyes of 18 subjects (10 glaucomatous, 10 normal). Scans were obtained using a circumpapillary scan protocol and analyzed using the Doppler OCT of Retinal Circulation software (version 2). Two masked, independent human graders manually refined the scans, adding or deleting vessels, changing vessel boundaries, and classifying vessels as veins or arteries. TRBF was calculated automatically by software summing flow in all veins. Agreement between various vessel parameters and TRBF values generated by the graders was analyzed. RESULTS: Mean difference and mean absolute difference ( standard deviation, range) for TRBF were -0.55 ( 5.37, -8.53 to 13.6) and 3.84 ( 3.70, 0 to 13.6) L/min, respectively, with an intraclass correlation (ICC) of 0.933 and limits of agreement (95% confidence interval [CI]) of -11.1 to +10.0. Venous area measurements showed similar levels of agreement with mean difference and mean absolute difference ( standard deviation, range) of -2.91 ( 4.29, -10.95 to 6.43) and 3.59 ( 3.70, 0 to 10.9) mm(2) with an ICC of 0.933 and limits of agreement (95% CI) were -11.3 and +05.5. The agreement for vessel identification between graders was almost perfect with a weighted kappa of 0.86. CONCLUSION: Reproducible measurements of TRBF can be obtained from Doppler OCT data using semi-automated software with manual refinement. These findings should be of value in future studies evaluating retinal blood flow in various diseases. 
We assessed 24-h urinary sodium (Na) and its relationship with urinary calcium (Ca) and areal bone mineral density (aBMD) at the whole body, lumbar spine and total hip in a cross-sectional study. 102 healthy non-obese women completed timed 24-h urine collections which were analyzed for Na and Ca. Dietary intakes were estimated using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Participants were grouped as those with lower vs. higher calcium intake by median split (506 mg/1000 kcal). Dietary Na intake correlated with 24-h urinary loss. Urinary Na correlated positively with urinary Ca for all participants (r = 0.29, p < 0.01) and among those with lower (r = 0.37, p < 0.01) but not higher calcium intakes (r = 0.19, p = 0.19). Urinary Na was inversely associated with hip aBMD for all participants (r = -0.21, p = 0.04) and among women with lower (r = -0.36, p < 0.01) but not higher (r = -0.05, p = 0.71) calcium intakes. Urinary Na also entered a regression equation for hip aBMD in women with lower Ca intakes, contributing 5.9% to explained variance. In conclusion, 24-h urinary Na (a proxy for intake) is associated with higher urinary Ca loss in young women and may affect aBMD, particularly in those with lower calcium intakes.
INTRODUCTION: Bone marrow lesions (BMLs) play an important role in knee osteoarthritis, but their etiology is not well understood. The aim of this longitudinal study was to describe the association between dietary factors, serum lipids, and BMLs. METHODS: In total, 394 older men and women (mean age, 63 years; range, 52 to 79) were measured at baseline and approximately 2.7 years later. BMLs were determined by using T2-weighted fat-saturation magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) by measuring the maximal area of the lesion. Nutrient intake (total energy, fat, carbohydrate, protein, and sugar) and serum lipids were assessed at baseline. RESULTS: Cross-sectionally, dietary factors and lipids were not significantly associated with BMLs. Energy, carbohydrate, and sugar intake (but not fat) were positively associated with a change in BML size ( = 15.44 to 19.27 mm2 per 1 SD increase; all P < 0.05). High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol tended to be negatively associated with BML change ( = -11.66 mm2 per 1 SD increase; P = 0.088). CONCLUSIONS: Energy, carbohydrate, and sugar intake may be risk factors for BML development and progression. HDL cholesterol seems protective against BMLs. These results suggest that macronutrients and lipids may be important in BML etiology and that dietary modification may alter BML natural history. 
Compared with diets high in fat, low-fat diets are associated with reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that a low-fat (LF) (20% fat) and an LF high-omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid diet (LFn3) (23% fat with 3% as -linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid [DHA]) would enhance n-3 composition of plasma phospholipid fatty acid and reduce urinary prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) relative to a high-fat diet (HF) (40% fat) and that these changes would be associated with alterations in 5 desaturase (D5D) and 6 desaturase (D6D) activity. Phospholipid fatty acids and urinary PGE(2) were measured, and D5D and D6D activity indices calculated in a crossover trial in 17 postmenopausal women fed each of 3 test diets (HF, LF, and LFn3) for 8-week feeding periods. Desaturase activity indices were calculated as D5D, 20:4n-6/20:3n-6, and D6D, 20:3n-6/18:2n-6. Plasma phospholipid fatty acid, -linolenic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid, docosapentaenoic acid (DPA), DHA, and total n-3 fatty acids increased, whereas linoleic acid and arachidonic acid decreased with consumption of LFn3. The LF resulted in enhanced arachidonic acid and DHA. High fat reduced D6D, whereas both HF and LF increased D5D. Urinary PGE(2) was reduced in response to both the LF and LFn3 diets. Low-fat diets, with or without long-chain n-3 fatty acids, promote positive health effects due in part to favorable alteration of plasma phospholipid fatty acid profiles and modification in desaturase activity indices, suggesting that the type and amount of fat consumed are modifiable risk factors for the prevention of cardiovascular disease.
The aim of this study was to examine the plasma concentrations and prevalence of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and hydroxylated PCB-metabolites (OH-PCBs) in polar bear (Ursus maritimus) mothers (n=26) and their 4 months old cubs-of-the-year (n=38) from Svalbard to gain insight into the mother-cub transfer, biotransformation and to evaluate the health risk associated with the exposure to these contaminants. As samplings were performed in 1997/1998 and 2008, we further investigated the differences in levels and pattern of PCBs between the two sampling years. The plasma concentrations of (21)PCBs (1997/1998: 5710  3090 ng/g lipid weight [lw], 2008: 2560  1500 ng/g lw) and (6)OH-PCBs (1997/1998: 228  60 ng/g wet weight [ww], 2008: 80  38 ng/g ww) in mothers were significantly lower in 2008 compared to in 1997/1998. In cubs, the plasma concentrations of (21)PCBs (1997/1998: 14680  5350 ng/g lw, 2008: 6070  2590 ng/g lw) and (6)OH-PCBs (1997/1998: 98  23 ng/g ww, 2008: 49  21 ng/g ww) were also significantly lower in 2008 than in 1997/1998. (21)PCBs in cubs was 2.7  0.7 times higher than in their mothers. This is due to a significant maternal transfer of these contaminants. In contrast, (6)OH-PCBs in cubs were approximately 0.53  0.16 times the concentration in their mothers. This indicates a lower maternal transfer of OH-PCBs compared to PCBs. The majority of the metabolite/precursor-ratios were lower in cubs compared to mothers. This may indicate that cubs have a lower endogenous capacity to biotransform PCBs to OH-PCBs than polar bear mothers. Exposure to PCBs and OH-PCBs is a potential health risk for polar bears, and the levels of PCBs and OH-PCBs in cubs from 2008 were still above levels associated with health effects in humans and wildlife.
Potassium bromate (KBrO(3)) is a widely used food additive, a water disinfection by-product and a known nephrotoxic agent. The effect of KBrO(3) on rat blood, especially on the anti-oxidant defense system, was studied in this work. Animals were given a single oral dose of KBrO(3) (100 mg/kg body weight) and sacrificed 12, 24, 48, 96 and 168 h after this treatment. Blood was collected from the animals and separated into plasma and erythrocytes. KBrO(3) administration resulted in increased lipid peroxidation, protein oxidation, hydrogen peroxide levels and decreased the reduced glutathione content indicating the induction of oxidative stress in blood. Methemoglobin levels and methemoglobin reductase activity were significantly increased while the total anti-oxidant power was greatly reduced upon KBrO(3) treatment. Nitric oxide levels were enhanced while vitamin C concentration decreased in KBrO(3) treated animals. The activities of major anti-oxidant enzymes were also altered upon KBrO(3) treatment. The maximum changes in all these parameters were 48 h after the administration of KBrO(3) and then recovery took place. These results show for the first time that KBrO(3) induces oxidative stress in blood and impairs the anti-oxidant defense system. Thus impairment in the anti-oxidant power and alterations in the activities of major anti-oxidant enzymes may play an important role in mediating the toxic effects of KBrO(3) in the rat blood. The study of such biochemical events in blood will help elucidate the molecular mechanism of action of KBrO(3) and also for devising methods to overcome its toxic effects.
This study aimed at revealing the levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from primipara in Shenzhen (China), and estimating daily intake of PBDEs for breast-fed infants. Concentrations of 7 PBDEs were measured in 60 breast milk samples by isotope dilution HRGC/HRMS (high-resolution gas chromatography/high-resolution mass spectrometry). The intake of PBDEs for breast-fed infants was estimated based on the infant's daily milk consumption. The range of total concentration of 7 PBDEs congeners in samples was 2.6-188.6 ng g(-1) lipid (mean: 14.8 ng g(-1) lipid; median: 7.2 ng g(-1) lipid). The mean estimated daily intake of PBDEs by breast-fed infants ranged from 9.9 to 335.9 ng kg(-1) body weight (bw) per day (mean: 52.5 ng kg(-1) bw per day; median: 28.6 ng kg(-1) bw per day). The levels of PBDEs body burden in the recruited mothers of Shenzhen were higher than those reported previously for the general population from other areas in China. No significant correlations were found between the body burden of PBDEs and the mothers' age, pre-pregnancy BMI, dietary habits, duration of residence in Shenzhen, weight and length of the newborns. BDE-47 and BDE-153 were major PBDE congeners in milk samples, while the congeners of BDE-183 and BDE-28 were also high in Shenzhen. The situation may be attributed to the special economic pattern including electronic production in Shenzhen in the past three decades. Continuous surveillance on PBDEs levels in human milk is needed in order to accurately evaluate the environmental impact of PBDEs to human health in Shenzhen.
BACKGROUND: Epidemiological studies have used various measures to characterize trihalomethane (THM) exposures, but the relationship of these indicators to exposure biomarkers remains unclear. OBJECTIVES: We examined temporal and spatial variability in baseline blood THM concentrations and assessed the relationship between these concentrations and several exposure indicators (tap water concentration, water-use activities, multiroute exposure metrics). METHODS: We measured water-use activity and THM concentrations in blood and residential tap water from 150 postpartum women from three U.S. locations. RESULTS: Blood THM [sum of chloroform (TCM), bromodichloromethane (BDCM), dibromo-chloromethane (DBCM), and bromoform (TBM)] concentrations varied by site and season. As expected based on variable tap water concentrations and toxicokinetic properties, the proportion of brominated species (BDCM, DBCM, and TBM) in blood varied by site (site 1, 24%; site 2, 29%; site 3, 57%) but varied less markedly than in tap water (site 1, 35%; site 2, 75%; site 3, 68%). The blood-water THM Spearman rank correlation coefficient was 0.36, with correlations higher for individual brominated species (BDCM, 0.62; DBCM, 0.53; TBM, 0.54) than for TCM (0.37). Noningestion water activities contributed more to the total exposure metric than did ingestion, but tap water THM concentrations were more predictive of blood THM levels than were metrics that incorporated water use. CONCLUSIONS: Spatial and temporal variability in THM concentrations was greater in water than in blood. We found consistent blood-water correlations across season and site for BDCM and DBCM, and multivariate regression results suggest that water THM concentrations may be an adequate surro-gate for baseline blood levels. 
PURPOSE: The aim of this study was assess co-exposure to DDT, DDE (main DDT metabolite), and PAHs (1-hydroxypyrene) in areas where biomass is used to cook and to heat homes and where DDT was used to combat malaria transmission. METHODS: During 2009, we analyzed a total of 190 blood and urine samples from children living in six communities in Mexico. Quantitative analyses of DDT and DDE were performed using gas chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry. Analyses of 1-hydroxypyrene were performed by HPLC using a fluorescence detector. RESULTS: In this work, we found high levels of DDT and its principal metabolite (DDE) in the blood of children living in four communities in Chiapas located in the southeastern region of Mexico (range, <LOD to 11,815ng/g lipid and <LOD to 194436ng/g lipid for DDT and DDE, respectively). Moreover, high levels of 1-hydroxypyrene (a PAH biomarker) were found in urine samples (range, 0.02 to 4.82mol/mol creatinine). An important finding was that around one third of the children studied in these areas were co-exposed to the three compounds. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that children in these communities were exposed to DDT and its metabolites, and to other contaminants generated by the combustion of firewood. Therefore, the complex mixture studied in this study (PAHs and DDT/DDE) requires further research. 
Phenolics are a large group of plant compounds that have been associated with protective health effects against several chronic diseases due to their potential antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anticarcinogenic properties. Consequently, in nutritional epidemiology it is essential to make an accurate assessment of phenolic exposure to evaluate their protective activities against human diseases. Self-reported questionnaires and biomarkers are the two main methods used for estimating dietary phenolics. Despite the limitations of self-reported methods, they are still an acceptable and useful measure. Meanwhile, nutritional biomarkers provide an alternative, more accurate measure, but they are expensive, and to date there are few validated biomarkers of phenolic intake. Nowadays, new analytical techniques, using both targeted and untargeted metabolomic approaches, play an important part in the rapid increase in the understanding of phenolic bioavailability and, consequently, have provided new potential biomarkers in small trials. In the near future, these dietary biomarkers should be tested in large epidemiological studies. Furthermore, the use of two independent measures-questionnaires and biomarkers-together provides a more thorough analysis of true phenolic exposure. Indeed, the challenge in the long term is to combine the information from biomarkers and self-reported questionnaires to clarify the relationship between dietary phenolics and disease. 
Human exposure to cadmium (Cd) produces a wide variety of toxic effects involving many organs and systems, but the kidney is the main organ affected among long-term Cd-exposed people. In the general population, the primary sources of Cd exposure are cigarette smoke and food (shellfish, offal and certain vegetables). The aims of the study were to investigate the association between urinary and blood Cd levels and personal habits relating to Cd intake (consumption of food stuff, water and tobacco smoking), levels of renal biomarkers in the urine or serum of 314 Thai subjects (85 males, 229 females) who resided in Cd-contaminated areas of Mae Sot District, Tak Province, Thailand. Based on the cut-off levels of 1 microg/g creatinine and 5 microg/l for urinary and blood Cd levels, respectively, nearly all subjects had urinary Cd levels lower than cut-off values for urine and blood (88.2 and 77.7%, respectively). Binary logistic backward stepwise regression analysis with five covariates (gender, residential areas, consumption of bamboo or chicken, and smoking status), and eight covariates (residential areas, consumption of beans, pork, fish or liver, types and sources of rice consumed and smoking status) best predicted urinary and blood Cd levels, respectively. For renal biomarkers, N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase (NAG) best predicted both urinary and blood Cd with good accuracy. A larger sample size with equal distribution of subjects with low (< 2 microg/g creatinine) and high (> 2 microg/g creatinine) urinary Cd levels should be studied to obtain the regression equation that would best predict Cd body burden.
Liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry (LC-MS) is a major platform in metabolic profiling but has not yet been comprehensively assessed as to its repeatability and reproducibility across multiple spectrometers and laboratories. Here we report results of a large interlaboratory reproducibility study of ultra performance (UP) LC-MS of human urine. A total of 14 stable isotope labeled standard compounds were spiked into a pooled human urine sample, which was subject to a 2- to 16-fold dilution series and run by UPLC coupled to time-of-flight MS at three different laboratories all using the same platform. In each lab, identical samples were run in two phases, separated by at least 1 week, to assess between-day reproducibility. Overall, platform reproducibility was good with median mass accuracies below 12 ppm, median retention time drifts of less than 0.73 s and coefficients of variation of intensity of less than 18% across laboratories and ionization modes. We found that the intensity response was highly linear within each run, with a median R(2) of 0.95 and 0.93 in positive and negative ionization modes. Between-day reproducibility was also high with a mean R(2) of 0.93 for a linear relationship between the intensities of ions recorded in the two phases across the laboratories and modes. Most importantly, between-lab reproducibility was excellent with median R(2) values of 0.96 and 0.98 for positive and negative ionization modes, respectively, across all pairs of laboratories. Interestingly, the three laboratories observed different amounts of adduct formation, but this did not appear to be related to reproducibility observed in each laboratory. These studies show that UPLC-MS is fit for the purpose of targeted urinary metabolite analysis but that care must be taken to optimize laboratory systems for quantitative detection due to variable adduct formation over many compound classes.
OBJECTIVE: Ghrelin is a potent stimulator of appetite and synthesized in the stomach. Its role in weight loss after gastric bypass (GBP) is still controversial. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relation between weight loss and food intake and between weight loss and changes in serum ghrelin concentrations 1 y after GBP with resection of the bypassed stomach (R-GBP) and without resection (NR-GBP). METHODS: Of 50 women (37.6  10.2 y old, body mass index 43.8  4.8 kg/m) with GBP, 26 had R-GBP and 24 had NR-GBP. Body weight, body composition (dual energy x-ray absorptiometry), food intake, and serum ghrelin at baseline and 12 mo after GBP were measured. RESULTS: The percentage of excess weight loss was 68.9  12.8% at 12 mo after GBP. At 12 mo, the decrease of serum ghrelin was greater in the R-GBP group (-25.3  22.5%) compared with the NR-GBP group (+11.2  50.9%, P < 0.005). After adjustment by the baseline excess of body weight, there was a greater percentage of excess weight loss in the R-GBP group only at 6 mo (61.8% versus 54.9%, P = 0.011). After controlling for the baseline intake, a significant lower carbohydrate intake was observed in the R-GBP group 6 mo after surgery (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: A greater decrease in ghrelin levels was observed only in patients who underwent R-GBP at 12 mo after surgery. This difference was not associated with differences in dietary intakes or weight loss at the same time point. Therefore, the small gastric pouch is probably more important than decreased ghrelin levels in producing long-term weight loss after R-GBP. 
Human risk assessment of chemicals is traditionally presented as the ratio between the actual level of exposure and an acceptable level of exposure, with the acceptable level of exposure most often being estimated by appropriate authorities. This approach is generally sound when assessing the risk of individual chemicals. However, several chemicals may concurrently target the same receptor, work through the same mechanism or in other ways induce the same effect(s) in the body. In these cases, cumulative risk assessment should be applied. The present study uses biomonitoring data from 129 Danish children and adolescents and resulting estimated daily intakes of four different phthalates. These daily intake estimates are used for a cumulative risk assessment with anti-androgenic effects as the endpoint using Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI) values determined by the European Food Safety Authorities (EFSA) or Reference Doses for Anti-Androgenicity (RfD AA) determined by Kortenkamp and Faust [Int J Androl 33 (2010) 463] as acceptable levels of exposure. United States Environmental Protection Agency Reference Doses (US EPA RfD) could not be used as none of them identifies anti-androgenic effects as the most sensitive endpoint for the phthalates included in this article. Using the EFSA TDI values, 12 children exceeded the hazard quotient for the sum of di-n-butyl phthalate and di-iso-butyl phthalate (DBP((i+n))) and one child exceeded the hazard quotient for di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP). Nineteen children exceeded the cumulated hazard index for three phthalates. Using the RfD AA values, one child exceeded the hazard quotient for DEHP and the same child exceeded the cumulated hazard index for four phthalates. The EFSA TDI approach thus is more restrictive and identifies DBP((i+n)) as the compound(s) associated with the greatest risk, while DEHP is the compound associated with the greatest risk when using the RfD AA approach.
BACKGROUND: Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) manufactured in Anniston, Alabama, from 1929 to 1971 caused significant environmental contamination. The Anniston population remains one of the most highly exposed in the world. OBJECTIVES: Reports of increased diabetes in PCB-exposed populations led us to examine possible associations in Anniston residents. METHODS: Volunteers (n = 774) from a cross-sectional study of randomly selected households and adults who completed the Anniston Community Health Survey also underwent measurements of height, weight, fasting glucose, lipid, and PCB congener levels and verification of medications. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated to assess the relationships between PCBs and diabetes, adjusting for diabetes risk factors. Participants with prediabetes were excluded from the logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: Participants were 47% African American, 70% female, with a mean age of 54.8 years. The prevalence of diabetes was 27% in the study population, corresponding to an estimated prevalence of 16% for Anniston overall; the PCB body burden of 35 major congeners ranged from 0.11 to 170.42 ppb, wet weight. The adjusted OR comparing the prevalence of diabetes in the fifth versus first quintile of serum PCB was 2.78 (95% CI: 1.00, 7.73), with similar associations estimated for second through fourth quintiles. In participants < 55 years of age, the adjusted OR for diabetes for the highest versus lowest quintile was 4.78 (95% CI: 1.11, 20.6), whereas in those  55 years of age, we observed no significant associations with PCBs. Elevated diabetes prevalence was observed with a 1 SD increase in log PCB levels in women (OR = 1.52; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.28); a decreased prevalence was observed in men (OR = 0.68; 95% CI: 0.33, 1.41). CONCLUSIONS: We observed significant associations between elevated PCB levels and diabetes mostly due to associations in women and in individuals < 55 years of age. 
AIMS: Ethyl glucuronide (EtG) in hair is a proposed biomarker for alcohol consumption. This study compares hair EtG concentrations with self-reported alcohol consumption data, in individuals with a range of alcohol use. METHODS: Hair was collected from 100 participants with a range of alcohol use. Participants completed an Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test C questionnaire to record alcohol consumption. Participants were categorized into one of the four groups: tee-totallers (consuming 0 units a week), lower-risk drinkers (1-21 units a week), increasing-risk drinkers' consuming (22-50 units a week) and high-risk drinkers (over 50 units a week). Hair from the proximal 3 cm was analysed for EtG using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry. RESULTS: EtG was detected in 29 out of 100 hair samples. Based on the Society of Hair Testing (SOHT) threshold of 30 pg/mg EtG, the hair test identified alcohol consumption in 57.9% of high-risk drinkers, 45.5% of increasing-risk drinkers and only 9.8% of lower-risk drinkers. EtG sensitivity was highest for high-risk drinkers (consuming more than 50 units a week), identified to be 0.52 using a 30 pg/mg threshold and 0.58 using a 45 pg/mg threshold. A positive result is highly likely to indicate any drinking (positive predictive value, 1.00). A negative result does not provide good evidence for abstinence (negative predictive value, 0.23). CONCLUSIONS: EtG has been identified to be a low sensitivity marker that cannot be used quantitatively to determine alcohol exposure. EtG can be used qualitatively to indicate alcohol consumption with a positive result providing strong evidence for an individual drinking within the past 3 months. 
The accurate assessment of dietary exposure is important in investigating associations between diet and disease. Research in nutritional epidemiology, which has resulted in a large amount of information on associations between diet and chronic diseases in the last decade, relies on accurate assessment methods to identify these associations. However, most dietary assessment instruments rely to some extent on self-reporting, which is prone to systematic bias affected by factors such as age, gender, social desirability and approval. Nutritional biomarkers are not affected by these and therefore provide an additional, alternative method to estimate intake. However, there are also some limitations in their application: they are affected by inter-individual variations in metabolism and other physiological factors, and they are often limited to estimating intake of specific compounds and not entire foods. It is therefore important to validate nutritional biomarkers to determine specific strengths and limitations. In this perspective paper, criteria for the validation of nutritional markers and future developments are discussed.
A comprehensive worldwide literature review of blood levels of dioxins and dioxin-like compounds in non-exposed adult general populations was performed. The studies published in 1989-2010 reporting information on polychlorinated dibenzo-para-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), non-ortho-PCBs (nPCBs), mono-ortho-PCBs (mPCBs) levels and Toxic Equivalencies (TEQs, a summary weighted measure of their combined toxicity) were reviewed. TEQs were calculated using as standard the most recent WHO 2005 reevaluation of Toxic Equivalency Factors (TEFs). Weighted multiple regression analyses adjusted for year, subject's age, type of sample analyzed, method used for values below detection limit, and central tendency measure used were performed for each congener and standardized TEQs (log-transformed). We identified 187 studies regarding 29,687 subjects of 26 countries. Year of blood collection ranged from 1985 to 2008. The studies reporting congener levels 161. In adjusted analyses, European countries showed higher levels of most dioxin-like congeners and TEQs. A strong positive association of subjects' age with most congeners and with TEQ values was found, confirming previous findings. Significant decreases over time (1985-2008) were documented for PCCDs, PCDFs, and TEQs including their contributions. No significant decrease was found for non-ortho-PCBs, notably PCB 126. Only some mono-ortho-PCBs showed clear significant declines. Accordingly, TEQs including only PCB contribution did not decrease over time. In interpreting these findings, it should be considered that for dioxin-like PCBs the analysis period was shorter (17 years), since these compounds were first measured in 1992.
A relationship may exist between plasma atrial natriuretic peptide (P-ANP) and heart rate variability (HRV), which reflects the activity of the autonomic nervous system. We performed a survey in human subjects to examine the relationship between P-ANP and HRV parameters. Three ethnic groups (Han, Uygur, and Kazakh) provided blood and urine samples and underwent 24-h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and 24-h ECG recording (24-h Holter ECG). There was a positive correlation between P-ANP and HF, as well as a negative correlation between P-ANP and the LF/HF ratio, in all subjects from the 3 ethnic groups. There was no association of BP with any of the blood, urinary, and HRV parameters. Our results suggested the possibility of a relationship between P-ANP and HRV, which reflects autonomic activity. These findings are consistent with the previous report of a close relationship between ANP and cardiac parasympathetic and/or sympathetic activity.
Fish and aquatic frogs detect minute water motion by means of a specialized mechanosensory system, the lateral line. Ubiquitous in fish, the lateral-line system is characterized by hair-cell based sensory structures across the fish's surface called neuromasts. These neuromasts occur free-standing on the skin as superficial neuromasts (SN) or are recessed into canals as canal neuromasts. SNs respond to rapid changes of water velocity in a small layer of fluid around the fish, including the so-called boundary layer. Although omnipresent, the boundary layer's impact on the SN response is still a matter of debate. For the first time using an information-theoretic approach to this sensory system, we have investigated the SN afferents encoding capabilities. Combining covariance analysis, phase analysis, and modeling of recorded neuronal responses of primary lateral line afferents, we show that encoding by the SNs is adequately described as a linear, velocity-responsive mechanism. Afferent responses display a bimodal distribution of opposite Wiener kernels that likely reflected the two hair-cell populations within a given neuromast. Using frozen noise stimuli, we further demonstrate that SN afferents respond in an extremely precise manner and with high reproducibility across a broad frequency band (10-150 Hz), revealing that an optimal decoder would need to rely extensively on a temporal code. This was further substantiated by means of signal reconstruction of spike trains that were time shifted with respect to their original. On average, a time shift of 3.5 ms was enough to diminish the encoding capabilities of primary afferents by 70%. Our results further demonstrate that the SNs' encoding capability is linearly related to the stimulus outside the boundary layer, and that the boundary layer can, therefore, be neglected while interpreting lateral line response of SN afferents to hydrodynamic stimuli.
OBJECTIVE: Endogenous sex hormones have been implicated in the etiology of breast cancer. Dietary factors such as fat, dietary fiber, soy isoflavones, and alcohol have been suggested to influence endogenous estrogen and other steroid hormone levels. We examined the relationship among these dietary factors and plasma sex hormone levels in premenopausal Japanese women. METHODS: We measured the plasma concentrations of estradiol, estrone, testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, sex hormone-binding globulin, a follicle-stimulating hormone, a luteinizing hormone, and prolactin among 393 premenopausal women who had regular menstrual cycles fewer than 40 days apart. The dietary intakes were estimated with a validated food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: After controlling for age, BMI, phase of the menstrual cycle, number of births, age at first birth, history of breastfeeding, and smoking status, the saturated fat intake was significantly positively associated with total estradiol and free estradiol levels. Intakes of the other types of fat, dietary fiber, soy isoflavones, and alcohol were not significantly associated with levels of any hormone measured. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that a high intake of saturated fat is associated with increased estradiol levels in premenopausal Japanese women. Saturated fat intake may have implications in the etiology of breast cancer. 
A quantitative method that requires only a small volume (50L) of blood has been developed for the determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Target analytes in both plasma sample (DBSV) and dried blood spot (DBS) were analyzed by a gas chromatography/high resolution mass spectrometer (GC/HRMS). Measurements of standard reference materials by the developed method were in agreement with those certified values. Linear correlation coefficients were found to be 0.9984 and 0.9965 for DBS and DBSV analysis, respectively. Other analytical criteria, such as limits of detection, recoveries, precision, accuracy and linearity of the proposed method are also reported. From recovery studies, the addition of formic acid to the extraction solvent was found to be effective in extracting PBDEs and PCBs from filter paper. The PBDE and PCB levels in spiked DBS were monitored at room temperature for up to 30 days and the variations of target analytes were found to be insignificant. Our results suggest that DBS sampling technique is feasible for PBDE and PCBs biomonitoring in human population.
INTRODUCTION: Differences in neonatal insulin sensitivity/ resistance markers due to the maternal impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) have not been tested. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI) score has been employed for evaluating pregnancy diet quality. AIMS: To study, the effect of neonatal insulinemia, maternal IGT and diet HEI score upon insulin sensitivity/ resistance at birth. METHODS: 176 singleton, normoweight, full-term, Caucasian Spanish neonates, delivered without fetal distress whose mothers were screened for gestational IGT were studied. Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI) and Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMAIR) were calculated. Diet followed during the third month of pregnancy was recorded and the respective HEI score calculated in a sample of 29 mothers. RESULTS: As quartile for cord blood insulin levels increased, glucose, the insulin/cortisol ratio and HOMA-IR (all p < 0.001) and IGF-I (p < 0.01) increased while QUICKI and the glucose/insulin ratio (both p < 0.001) and GH (p < 0.05) decreased. Neonates from IGT mothers had higher insulin, HOMA-IR (both p < 0.01) and insulin/cortisol ratio (p < 0.05) and lower GH, QUICKI (both p < 0.01) and glucose/ insulin ratio (p < 0.05) than their normal maternal glucose tolerance (NGT) counterparts. Neonatal insulinemia influences more than IGT on the insulin resistance/sensitivity markers at birth. Mothers of hyperinsulinemic neonates showed lower HEI scores (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: A large percentage of full-term normoweight infants with hyperinsulinemia showed altered insulin resistance markers. Their mothers consumed low quality diets. Screening strategies focused on neonatal glycemia and insulinemia together with maternal nutritional assessment and advice during pregnancy should be considered. 
BACKGROUND: In 1998 choline Adequate Intakes of 425 and 450 mg/d were established for nonpregnant and pregnant women, respectively. However, to our knowledge, no dose-response studies have been conducted to evaluate the effects of pregnancy or maternal choline intake on biomarkers of choline metabolism. OBJECTIVE: We sought to quantify the effects of pregnancy and maternal choline intake on maternal and fetal indicators of choline metabolism. DESIGN: Healthy pregnant (n = 26; 27 wk gestation) and nonpregnant (n = 21) women were randomly assigned to receive 480 or 930 mg choline/d for 12 wk. Fasting blood samples and placental tissue and umbilical cord venous blood were collected and analyzed for choline and its metabolites. RESULTS: Regardless of the choline intake, pregnant women had higher circulating concentrations of choline (30%; P < 0.001) but lower concentrations of betaine, dimethylglycine, sarcosine, and methionine (13-55%; P < 0.001). Obligatory losses of urinary choline and betaine in pregnant women were 2-4 times as high (P  0.02) as those in nonpregnant women. A higher choline intake yielded higher concentrations of choline, betaine, dimethylglycine, and sarcosine (12-46%; P  0.08) in both pregnant and nonpregnant women without affecting urinary choline excretion. The higher maternal choline intake also led to a doubling of dimethylglycine in cord plasma (P = 0.002). CONCLUSION: These data suggest that an increment of 25 mg choline/d to meet the demands of pregnancy is insufficient and show that a higher maternal choline intake increases the use of choline as a methyl donor in both maternal and fetal compartments. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01127022. 
PURPOSE: To examine the association of red meat and whole-grain bread consumption with plasma levels of biomarkers related to glucose metabolism, oxidative stress, inflammation and obesity. METHODS: Our cross-sectional study was based on 2,198 men and women who were selected as a sub-cohort for an investigation of biological predictors of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Potsdam study. Circulating levels of glycated hemoglobin, adiponectin, hs-CRP, gamma-glutamyltransferase, alanine-aminotransferase, fetuin-A, HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides were measured from random blood samples. Diet and lifestyle data were assessed by questionnaires, and anthropometric data were measured. RESULTS: After multivariable adjustment, higher consumption of whole-grain bread was significantly (P trend <0.05) associated with lower levels of GGT, ALT and hs-CRP, whereas higher consumption of red meat was significantly associated with higher levels of GGT and hs-CRP when adjusted for potential confounding factors related to lifestyle and diet. Further adjustment for body mass index and waist circumference attenuated the association between red meat and hs-CRP (P = 0.19). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study suggest that high consumption of whole-grain bread is related to lower levels of GGT, ALT and hs-CRP, whereas high consumption of red meat is associated with higher circulating levels of GGT and hs-CRP. 
Inadequate vitamin K intake has been associated with abnormal soft tissue calcification. Older adults may have insufficient intakes of vitamin K and respond less to vitamin K supplementation compared with younger adults. However, little is known about the determinants that influence the response to vitamin K supplementation. Our primary objective was to assess dietary and nondietary determinants of vitamin K status in healthy younger and older adults. In a nonrandomized, nonmasked study, 21 younger (18-40 y) and 21 older (55-80 y) men and women consumed a baseline diet (200 g phylloquinone/d) for 5 d, a phylloquinone-restricted diet (10 g phylloquinone/d) for 28 d, and a phylloquinone-supplemented diet (500 g phylloquinone/d) for 28 d. Changes in vitamin K status markers in response to vitamin K depletion and repletion were studied and the influences of BMI, body fat, and circulating TG were assessed by including them as covariates in the model. Despite baseline differences in measures of vitamin K status, plasma phylloquinone tended to increase (P = 0.07) and the percentage of uncarboxylated osteocalcin and uncarboxylated prothrombin both improved with phylloquinone supplementation (P < 0.007), regardless of age group or sex. Only the excretion of urinary menadione, a vitamin K metabolite, was greater among younger adults in response to depletion than in older adults (P = 0.012), regardless of sex. Adiposity measures and circulating TG did not predict response of any measures. In conclusion, poor vitamin K status can be similarly improved with vitamin K supplementation, regardless of age group or sex.
PURPOSE: To characterize the two-dimensional (2D) and three-dimensional (3D) fractal properties of rectal cancer regional blood flow assessed by using volumetric helical perfusion computed tomography (CT) and to determine its reproducibility. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Institutional review board approval and informed consent were obtained. Ten prospective patients (eight men, two women; mean age, 72.3 years) with rectal adenocarcinoma underwent two repeated volumetric helical perfusion CT studies (four-dimensional adaptive spiral mode, 11.4-cm z-axis coverage) without intervening treatment within 24 hours, with regional blood flow derived by using deconvolution analysis. Two-dimensional and 3D fractal analyses of the rectal tumor were performed, after segmentation from surrounding structures by using thresholding, to derive fractal dimension and fractal abundance. Reproducibility was quantitatively assessed by using Bland-Altman statistics. Two-dimensional and 3D lacunarity plots were also generated, allowing qualitative assessment of reproducibility. Statistical significance was at 5%. RESULTS: Mean blood flow was 63.50 mL/min/100 mL  8.95 (standard deviation). Good agreement was noted between the repeated studies for fractal dimension; mean difference was -0.024 (95% limits of agreement: -0.212, 0.372) for 2D fractal analysis and -0.024 (95% limits of agreement: -0.307, 0.355) for 3D fractal analysis. Mean difference for fractal abundance was -0.355 (95% limits of agreement: -0.869, 1.579) for 2D fractal analysis and -0.043 (95% limits of agreement: -1.154, 1.239) for 3D fractal analysis. The 95% limits of agreement were narrower for 3D than 2D analysis. Lacunarity plots also visually confirmed close agreement between repeat studies. CONCLUSION: Regional blood flow in rectal cancer exhibits fractal properties. Good reproducibility was achieved between repeated studies with 2D and 3D fractal analysis. 
BACKGROUND: Airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) are widespread urban air pollutants from fossil fuel burning and other combustion sources. We previously reported that a broad spectrum of combustion-related DNA adducts in cord blood was associated with attention problems at 6-7 years of age in the Columbia Center for Children's Environmental Health (CCCEH) longitudinal cohort study. OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the relationship between behavioral problems and two different measures of prenatal exposure--both specific to PAH--in the same cohort. METHODS: Children of nonsmoking African-American and Dominican women in New York City (NYC) were followed from in utero to 6-7 years. Prenatal PAH exposure was estimated by personal air monitoring of the mothers during pregnancy as well as by the measurement of DNA adducts specific to benzo[a]pyrene (BaP), a representative PAH, in maternal and cord blood. At 6-7 years of age, child behavior was assessed using the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) (n = 253). Generalized linear models were used to test the association between prenatal PAH exposure and behavioral outcomes. RESULTS: In multivariate analyses, high prenatal PAH exposure, whether characterized by personal air monitoring (greater than the median of 2.27 ng/m) or maternal and cord adducts (detectable or higher), was positively associated with symptoms of Anxious/Depressed and Attention Problems (p  0.05). CONCLUSION: These results provide additional evidence that environmental levels of PAH encountered in NYC air can adversely affect child behavior. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of vitamin A deficiency, infection and adequacy of vitamin A intakes among Zambian children, and the contribution of dietary vitamin A and infection to vitamin A status. DESIGN: A cross-sectional survey of vitamin A intakes by the 24 h recall method, vitamin A status by plasma retinol and the modified relative dose-response test, and infection by acute-phase proteins. SETTING: Rural communities in Central and Eastern Provinces of Zambia. SUBJECTS: Children 2-5 years of age. RESULTS: The prevalence of vitamin A deficiency was 56 % by plasma retinol, 48 % with infection-adjusted plasma retinol and 22 % by the modified relative dose-response test. The majority of children (61 %) had a current infection. Vitamin A intakes were relatively high (331 to 585 g retinol activity equivalents/d in the harvest/early post-harvest and late post-harvest seasons, respectively) and the prevalence of inadequate intakes was <1 % when compared with the Estimated Average Requirement (210 and 275 g retinol activity equivalents/d for children aged 1-3 and 4-8 years, respectively). Elevated -1-acid glycoprotein was negatively associated with plasma retinol (P < 00 0 1) and vitamin A intake was positively associated with plasma retinol (P < 005), but only when estimated assuming a 26:1 retinol equivalence for provitamin A from green and yellow vegetables. CONCLUSIONS: Infection and vitamin A intakes were significant determinants of plasma retinol. We cannot conclude which indicator more accurately represents the true vitamin A status of the population. Reasons for the persistent high prevalence of vitamin A deficiency in the presence of adequate vitamin A intakes are unclear, but the high rates of infection may play a role. 
Public transport vehicle drivers, especially in highly polluted or trafficked areas, are exposed to high levels of air pollutants. In this study, we assessed the influence of traffic on levels of hydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) in commercial bus drivers in Trujillo, Peru, by measuring the within-shift changes in the urinary whole weight and creatinine-corrected concentrations of the PAH metabolites. We measured personal PM(2.5) as a proxy of exposure to traffic emission. Urine samples were collected daily from two bus drivers and three minivan drivers in Trujillo, pre-, mid-, post-work shift and on days when the drivers were off work (total n = 144). Ten OH-PAH metabolites were measured in the urine samples. Drivers were also monitored for exposure to PM(2.5) (n = 41). Daily work shift (mean = 13.1  1.3 hr) integrated PM(2.5) was measured in the breathing zones of the drivers for an average of 10.5 days per driver. The differences across shift in OH-PAH concentrations were not statistically significant except for urinary 2-hydroxyfluorene (2-FLU) (p = 0.04) and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene (4-PHE)(p= 0.01) and creatinine-corrected 4-hydroxyphenanthrene (p = 0.01). Correlation between pairs of hydroxy-PAHs ( = 0.50 to 0.93) were highest for mid-shift samples. Concentrations of PM(2.5) (geometric mean = 64 g/m(3); 95% confidence limits = 52 g/m(3), 78 g/m(3)) is similar to those measured in many other studies of traffic exposure. There was significant change across work shift for concentrations of only two of the OH-PAHs (2-FLU and 4-PHE). Results indicate that the drivers may have had limited time for clearance of PAH exposure from the body between work shifts. Comparisons of the concentrations of creatinine-corrected hydroxy-PAH to those reported in other studies indicate that exposure of public transport drivers to PAH could be similar. By following the subjects over multiple days, this study gives an indication of appropriate exposure situations for the use of hydroxy-PAHs and will be beneficial in designing future occupational studies of PAH exposure.
PURPOSE: Measuring antiepileptic drug (AED) concentrations is common practice in nursing homes. Phenytoin (PHT) concentrations fluctuate substantially in many nursing home residents under constant dose conditions; however, the stability of other AED concentrations has not been studied. We investigated the variability of carbamazepine (CBZ) and valproate (VPA) concentrations under constant dose conditions in US nursing home residents. METHODS: A database of elderly persons (65 years) in 119 nursing homes throughout the US was reviewed for residents with at least one measurement of total PHT, CBZ or VPA. Inclusion criteria for this study were three or more serum concentration measurements while on the same dose of CBZ or VPA, a two-month minimum stay, and no interfering co-medications (inducers or inhibitors). Enrollment occurred over a 2-year period. Data were collected on residents for a minimum of 6 months. KEY FINDINGS: Of the 593 residents identified, 245 had CBZ or VPA concentrations measured and 44 (18%) met inclusion criteria (22 on CBZ and 22 VPA). Some subjects had little variability in AED concentrations, others had large fluctuations. Total CBZ concentrations within individuals varied as little as 0mg/L to as much as 6.3mg/L and total VPA concentrations as little as 10.0mg/L to as much as 77.6mg/L. SIGNIFICANCE: The variability of PHT, CBZ, and VPA concentrations in many but not all nursing home residents implies that a re-evaluation of the role of AED concentration measurements in the management of patients is needed. Strategies for use and interpretation of AED concentration measurements need to be reevaluated. 
Interactions between smoking and neighborhood-level socioeconomic status (SES) as risk factors for higher polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) DNA adduct levels in prostate tissue were investigated. PAH-DNA adducts were measured by immunohistochemistry with staining intensity measured in optical density units by semiquantitative absorbance image analysis in tumor adjacent tissue from 400 prostatectomy specimens from the Henry Ford Health System in Detroit. For each subject, their U.S. Census tract of residence was classified as being of higher or lower SES using the median value of the distribution of the proportion of tract residents with a high-school education. Generalized estimating equation models were used to assess interactions between neighborhood-level SES and smoking status, adjusting for race, age, education level, tumor volume, primary Gleason grade and prostate specific antigen (PSA) at diagnosis. There was a statistical interaction (P = 0.004) between tract-level SES and smoking status. In lower SES tracts smoking status was not associated with adduct staining, but in higher SES tracts adduct staining intensity was 13% (P = 0.01) higher in ever-smokers as compared to never-smokers. Among never-smokers, living in a lower SES tract was associated with a 25% higher mean staining intensity (P < 0.001). Neighborhood SES modifies the association between individual smoking status and PAH-DNA adduct levels in prostate tissue.
OBJECTIVE: This study aims to ascertain the relationships between mineral consumption, hair mineral content, and blood pressure. METHODS: The study involved 26 postmenopausal women from enclosed religious communities, 14 were semi-vegetarians and 12 were omnivores. Mineral dietary assessment was performed using a 14-d precise weight method and Food tables. Hair mineral levels were measured by means Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometry (ICP-MS) and Inductively Coupled Plasma Atomic Emission Spectrometry (ICP-OES). Multivariable stepwise linear regression analyses were performed to find out the variables that affected most blood pressure. RESULTS: In general terms, the omnivorous diet contained a significantly higher mineral content than the semi-vegetarian one. The mineral intake from both diets implied no health risk to the women studied, as their estimated daily intake (EDI) of toxic elements such as Cd and Pb was lower than their respective provisional tolerable weekly intake (PTWI) of these minerals. Hair of the semi-vegetarians contained higher amounts of Al (p < 0.01), Ba (p < 0.01), K (p < 0.001), Na (p < 0.001), Pb (p < 0.001) and Mn (p < 0.01) but lower levels of Ca (p < 0.05) and Zn (p < 0.05) than that of their omnivorous counterparts. The omnivores presented significantly higher systolic (p < 0.01) and diastolic (p < 0.05) pressures than the semi-vegetarians. Levels of hair Co (R = 0.328; p = 0.032) and hair K (R = 0.409; p = 0.014)) were explicative for systolic and diastolic blood pressure, respectively. CONCLUSION: Several dietary mineral and hair contents were higher in semi-vegetarian women suggesting that the hair is an important mineral excretion via contributing to maintain blood pressure at low levels. 
PURPOSE: Limited robust randomised controlled trials investigating fruit and vegetable (F&V) intake in people at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) exist. We aimed to design and validate a dietary strategy of increasing flavonoid-rich versus flavonoid-poor F&V consumption on nutrient biomarker profile. METHODS: A parallel, randomised, controlled, dose-response dietary intervention study. Participants with a CVD relative risk of 1.5 assessed by risk scores were randomly assigned to one of the 3 groups: habitual (control, CT), high-flavonoid (HF) or low-flavonoid (LF) diets. While the CT group (n = 57) consumed their habitual diet throughout, the HF (n = 58) and LF (n = 59) groups sequentially increased their daily F&V intake by an additional 2, 4 and 6 portions for 6-week periods during the 18-week study. RESULTS: Compliance to target numbers and types of F&V was broadly met and verified by dietary records, and plasma and urinary biomarkers. Mean ( SEM) number of F&V portions/day consumed by the HF and LF groups at baseline (3.8  0.3 and 3.4  0.3), 6 weeks (6.3  0.4 and 5.8  0.3), 12 weeks (7.0  0.3 and 6.8  0.3) and 18 weeks (7.6  0.4 and 8.1  0.4), respectively, was similar at baseline yet higher than the CT group (3.9  0.3, 4.3  0.3, 4.6  0.4, 4.5  0.3) (P = 0.015). There was a dose-dependent increase in dietary and urinary flavonoids in the HF group, with no change in other groups (P = 0.0001). Significantly higher dietary intakes of folate (P = 0.035), non-starch polysaccharides (P = 0.001), vitamin C (P = 0.0001) and carotenoids (P = 0.0001) were observed in both intervention groups compared with CT, which were broadly supported by nutrient biomarker analysis. CONCLUSIONS: The success of improving nutrient profile by active encouragement of F&V intake in an intervention study implies the need for a more hands-on public health approach. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was cultural adaptation, validation, and test for responsiveness of the short forms of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and the Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7) in a Turkish population. STUDY DESIGN: To evaluate their validity, questionnaires were applied to 248 women. The questionnaires were compared with prolapse stage according to the Pelvic Organ Prolapse Quantification (POP-Q) system. The responsiveness of the questionnaires was assessed in 103 women with prolapse who also completed the questionnaires after reconstructive surgical treatment, with standardized response mean (SRM), effect size (ES), and the Wilcoxon signed-rank test. RESULTS: Cronbach alpha coefficients of the Turkish PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 questionnaires were 0.908 and 0.830, respectively. Significant correlations were observed between the scores of the questionnaires with the vaginal examination findings. The PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 scores were significantly improved after vaginal reconstructive surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Turkish translated versions of the PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 are reliable, valid and responsive instruments for assessing symptom severity, impact on QoL in women with pelvic organ prolapse. They can be easily administered and self-completed by Turkish women. 
Trans fatty acid intake has been correlated to an unfavorable plasma lipoprotein profile and an increased cardiovascular disease risk. The present study aimed to identify a plasma protein biomarker panel related to human intake of elaidic acid. The human liver cell line HepG2-SF was used as a model system, and the cells were maintained for seven days in serum-free medium containing 100 M elaidic acid (trans9-C18:1), oleic acid (cis9-C18:1) or stearic acid (C18:0). The secretomes were analyzed by stable isotope labeling of amino acids in cell culture (SILAC), difference in gel electrophoresis (DIGE) and gene expression microarray analysis. Twelve proteins were found to be differentially regulated based on SILAC data (>1.3 fold change, P-value<0.05), 13 proteins were found to be differentially regulated based on DIGE analysis (>1.3 fold change, P-value<0.05), and 17 mRNA transcripts encoding extracellular proteins were determined to be affected (>1.3 fold change, P-value<0.01) following the addition of elaidic acid compared to oleic acid or stearic acid. The results revealed that 37 proteins were regulated specifically in response to elaidic acid exposure, and nine of these proteins were confirmed to be regulated in this manner by using selected reaction monitoring mass spectrometry.
The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) provides the most comprehensive assessment of the health and nutrition status of the US population. Up-to-date reference intervals on biomarkers and dietary intake inform the scientific and public health policy communities on current status and trends over time.The main purpose of dietary assessment methods such as the food-frequency questionnaire, food record (or diary), and 24-hr dietary recall is to estimate intake of nutrients and, together with supplement usage information, describe total intake of various foods or nutrients. As with all self-reporting methods, these tools are challenging to use and interpret. Yet, they are needed to establish dietary reference intake recommendations and to evaluate what proportion of the population meets these recommendations. While biomarkers are generally expensive and, to some degree, invasive, there is no question as to their ability to assess nutrition status. In some cases biomarkers can also be used to assess intake or function, although rarely can one biomarker fulfill all these purposes. For example, serum folate is a good indicator of folate intake, red blood cell (RBC) folate is a good status indicator, and plasma total homocysteine is a good functional indicator of one-carbon metabolism.Using folate and vitamin D - two vitamins that are currently hotly debated in the public health arena - as two case studies, we discuss the complexities of using biomarkers and total intake information to assess nutrition status. These two examples also show how biomarkers and intake provide different information and how both are needed to evaluate and set public health policy. We also provide guidance on general requirements for using nutrition biomarkers and food and supplement intake information in longitudinal, population-based surveys.
BACKGROUND: Oxidative and inflammatory stresses are involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. The consumption of fruit and vegetables is associated with improved health and reduced cardiovascular risk. Red oranges have a high content of antioxidant and antiinflammatory substances, but there is a paucity of data concerning their effects on cardiovascular biomarkers in subjects with increased cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of red orange juice intake on endothelial function, oxidative stress, and markers of inflammation in subjects with increased cardiovascular risk. DESIGN: Nineteen nondiabetic subjects with increased cardiovascular risk (aged 27-56 y) were included in a randomized, placebo-controlled, single-blind crossover study and compared with 12 healthy, nonobese control subjects. In 2 periods of 7 d each with a 3-d interval, each participant alternatively received 500 mL red orange juice/d and 500 mL placebo/d in a random sequence. All measurements were performed in the morning after overnight fasting. RESULTS: Endothelial function, which was measured as flow-mediated dilation, significantly improved and was normalized (5.7% compared with 7.9%; P < 0.005) after 1 wk of red orange juice consumption. Similarly, concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, IL-6, and TNF- significantly decreased (P < 0.001). Red orange juice had no significant effect on nitric oxide plasma concentrations. CONCLUSION: A 7-d consumption of red orange juice ameliorates endothelial function and reduces inflammation in nondiabetic subjects with increased cardiovascular risk. This trial was registered at biomedcentral.com as ISRCTN39987296. 
OBJECTIVE: Phthalates are ubiquitous industrial high-volume chemicals known as ligands to peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs). Because PPAR- agonists modulate insulin sensitivity and are used to treat type 2 diabetes, we investigated whether circulating levels of phthalate metabolites are related to prevalent type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,016 subjects, aged 70 years, were investigated in the Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors Study. Four phthalate metabolites were detected in almost all participant sera by an API 4000 liquid chromatograph/tandem mass spectrometer. Type 2 diabetes was defined as the use of pharmacological hypoglycemic agents or a fasting plasma glucose >7.0 mmol/L. RESULTS: A total of 114 subjects were shown to have diabetes. Following adjustment for sex, BMI, serum cholesterol and triglycerides, educational level, and smoking and exercise habits, high levels of the phthalate metabolites monomethyl phthalate (MMP) (P < 0.01), monoisobutyl phthalate (MiBP) (P < 0.05), and monoethyl phthalate (MEP) (P < 0.05), but not mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, were associated with an increased prevalence of diabetes. Using the fasting proinsulin-to-insulin ratio as a marker of insulin secretion and the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance index as a marker of insulin resistance, MiBP was mainly related to poor insulin secretion, whereas MEP and MMP mainly were related to insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: The findings in this cross-sectional study showed that several phthalate metabolites are related to diabetes prevalence, as well as to markers of insulin secretion and resistance. These findings support the view that these commonly used chemicals might influence major factors that are regulating glucose metabolism in humans at the level of exposure of phthalate metabolites seen in the general elderly population. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Dietary pattern and genetic predisposition of each population have different impacts on lifestyle-related chronic diseases. This study was conducted to evaluate the association and interaction between dietary patterns and VEGFR2 or KDR gene polymorphisms on physical and biochemical risk factors of cardiovascular disease in two Asian populations (179 Chinese Malaysian and 136 Japanese adults). METHODS: Dietary patterns were constructed from food frequency questionnaire using factor analysis. Genotyping of rs1870377 and rs2071559 was performed by real-time PCR using TaqMan probes. Physical measurements: body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressures and biochemical parameters: glycated hemoglobin A1c and blood lipids (total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol and total cholesterol/HDL-C ratio) were measured. RESULTS: Two dietary patterns were extracted for: Japanese ('Japanese diet' and 'Western diet') and Chinese Malaysians ('Balanced diet'; and 'Meat, rice and noodles diet'). In Japanese, 'Western Diet' and rs2071559 were associated with LDL-C and HDL-C, respectively. In Chinese Malaysians, 'Meat, rice and noodles diet' was asso-ciated with triglycerides, HDL-C and total cholesterol/HDL ratio while rs1870377 and rs2071559 were associated with total cholesterol and/or LDL-C. The interaction between 'Western Diet' and rs2071559 in Japanese and 'Meat, rice and noodles diet' and rs1870377 in Malaysians had significant effects on blood lipids after adjusting for confounders. CONCLUSIONS: The association and interaction of dietary patterns and VEGFR2 gene polymorphisms on blood lipids differ between Chinese Malaysian and Japanese subjects by either decreasing or increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease. 
OBJECTIVES: In critically ill patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, we aimed to assess the variability of antibiotic trough concentrations, the influence of effluent flow rates on such concentrations, and the incidence of suboptimal antibiotic dosage. DESIGN: Prospective, observational, multicenter, pharmacokinetic study. SETTING: Four tertiary intensive care units within the multicenter RENAL randomized controlled trial of continuous renal replacement therapy intensity. PATIENTS: Twenty-four critically ill adult patients with acute kidney injury receiving ciprofloxacin, meropenem, piperacillin/tazobactam, or vancomycin during continuous renal replacement therapy. INTERVENTIONS: We obtained trough blood samples and measured antibiotic concentrations. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: We obtained data from 40 dosing intervals and observed wide variability in trough concentrations (6.7-fold for meropenem, 3.8-fold for piperacillin, 10.5-fold for tazobactam, 1.9-fold for vancomycin, and 3.9-fold for ciprofloxacin). The median (interquartile range) trough concentrations (mg/L) for meropenem was 12.1 (7.8-18.4), 105.0 (74.4-204.0)/3.8 (3.4-21.8) for piperacillin/tazobactam, 12.0 (9.8-16.0) for vancomycin, and 3.7 (3.0-5.6) for ciprofloxacin. Overall, 15% of dosing intervals did not meet predetermined minimum therapeutic target concentrations, 40% did not achieve the higher target concentration, and, during 10% of dosing intervals, antibiotic concentrations were excessive. No difference, however, was found between patients on the basis of the intensity of continuous renal replacement therapy; this effect may have been obscured by differences in dosing regimens, time off the filter, or altered pharmacokinetics. CONCLUSIONS: There is significant variability in antibiotic trough concentrations in critically ill patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy, which did not only appear to be influenced by effluent flow rate. Here, empirical dosing of antibiotics failed to achieve the target trough antibiotic concentration during 25% of the dosing intervals. 
Estimation of systemic exposure after absorption of any xenobiotic from the skin is very important in development of dermal pharmaceutical products as well as assessing un-intended exposures due to cosmetic products or environmental and occupational compounds. Historically, animal models have been used to evaluate dermal drug absorption before conducting human trials. However, occasional disparity between the animal and human data plus rising public interest and regulatory requirements to reduce animal usage in research combined with high cost and time-consuming attributes of animal experiments have prompted many academic and industrial researchers to develop economically viable and scientifically robust in silico and in vitro methods to assess dermal drug absorption. There are a number of in silico models available in literature from quantitative structure-activity relationship to semi-mechanistic to physiologically based mechanistic models. Nonetheless, to the best of our knowledge, so far, there has been no attempt to combine mechanistic skin absorption model with database of physiological variability to simulate the inter- and intra-individual variability observed in human trials. Thus, we report here mechanistic dermal absorption model with formulation, stratum corneum, viable epidermis-dermis and blood compartments along with datab"ase of human dermal physiological variability including gender, ethnic and site of application variations. The developed model is incorporated into the Simcyp simulator which is a 'bottom-up' platform and database for mechanistic modelling and simulation of the drug disposition process using full body physiologically based pharmacokinetics model. The built model is validated using the clinical pharmacokinetic data from five different topical formulations of diclofenac. The effect of penetration enhancers, site of application, gender and ethnic variations were incorporated to simulate the clinical trials. The applied mechanistic dermal absorption model when combined with skin physiological database was able to recover well the observed clinical pharmacokinetics and population variability in all the five validation studies.
Exposure to perchlorate is widespread in the United States and many studies have attempted to character the perchlorate exposure by estimating the average daily intakes of perchlorate. These approaches provided population-based estimates, but did not provide individual-level exposure estimates. Until recently, exposure activity database such as CSFII, TDS and NHANES become available and provide opportunities to evaluate the individual-level exposure to chemical using exposure surveillance dataset. In this study, we use perchlorate as an example to investigate the usefulness of urinary biomarker data for predicting exposures at the individual level. Specifically, two analyses were conducted: (1) using data from a controlled human study to examine the ability of a physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model to predict perchlorate concentrations in single-spot and cumulative urine samples; and (2) using biomarker data from a population-based study and a PBPK model to demonstrate the challenges in linking urinary biomarker concentrations to intake doses for individuals. Results showed that the modeling approach was able to characterize the distribution of biomarker concentrations at the population level, but predicting the exposure-biomarker relationship for individuals was much more difficult. The type of information needed to reduce the uncertainty in estimating intake doses, for individuals, based on biomarker measurements is discussed.
The aim of this study was to assess relationships between the fatty acid contents of plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids and those in liver, heart, brain, kidney and quadriceps muscle in rats. To obtain a wide range of tissue omega-3 (n-3) long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) we subjected weanling rats to dietary treatment with the n-3 LCPUFA precursor, alpha linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3 n-3) for 3 weeks. With the exception of the brain, we found strong and consistent correlations between the total n-3 LCPUFA fatty acid content of both plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids with fatty acid levels in all tissues. The relationships between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 n-3) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, 22:5 n-3) content in both blood fractions with levels in liver, kidney, heart and quadriceps muscle phospholipids were stronger than those for docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3). The strong correlations between the EPA+DHA (the Omega-3 Index), total n-3 LCPUFA and total n-3 PUFA contents in both plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids and tissues investigated in this study suggest that, under a wide range of n-3 LCPUFA values, plasma and erythrocyte n-3 fatty acid content reflect not only dietary PUFA intakes but also accumulation of endogenously synthesised n-3 LCPUFA, and thus can be used as a reliable surrogate for assessing n-3 status in key peripheral tissues.
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the relationship between fish consumption and blood THg/MeHg concentration in Korean adults by measuring MeHg concentration in blood directly. The study subjects consisted of 400 adults aged 20 or older from 30 subareas in Busan, Ulsan and Gyeongsangnam-do province in Korea from August to October, 2010. We tried to recruit the same number of male and female participants in different age groups (20s, 30s, 40s, 50s and 60s) and allocated 13-16 subjects by district to represent Hg concentration in the research areas. The geometric means of THg and MeHg concentration in blood were 5.27 g/L (5.00-5.57) and 4.05 g/L (3.81-4.32), respectively. The proportion of MeHg/THg concentration was 78.53% (77.09-79.97). MeHg concentration was higher in coastal areas (4.26 g/L) than in inland areas (3.52 g/L) and was higher in men (4.68 g/L) than in women (3.52 g/L). In male participants, blood MeHg concentration increased with increasing annual fish consumption, and the proportion of MeHg/THg concentration showed an upward trend as THg concentration increased. However, none of the measures of the proportion of MeHg/THg showed significant differences. This is the first report in Korea about the relationship between blood MeHg concentration and related factors. Our findings suggest that MeHg concentration is affected by fish consumption as well as by gender difference and drinking status. Since the pathological mechanism has not been clarified, additional studies are needed for explaining the biological and lifestyle differences in the risk of adverse health effects by Hg exposure.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The study seeks to determine whether a urinary cough and jump stress test is reproducible and whether there is a relationship between a stress test and a 24-h pad test and our subjective Stress Incontinence Index. METHODS: Multicenter prospective cohort study of women with subjective stress incontinence. Each patient completed a validated Stress and Urge Incontinence Questionnaire and a 24-h pad test and performed two standardized cough and jump stress tests. RESULTS: All 108 women were incontinent during both the first and second stress tests. There was a large variation in leakage and the leakage was significantly larger during stress test 2 than during stress test 1 (P < 0.02). Correlations found between the stress test and the 24 hour pad test and between the stress test and the Stress Incontinence Index were poor. CONCLUSION: The cough and jump stress test is reproducible and able to document stress leakage. 
BACKGROUND: Organic food is perceived as being of better quality and healthier than conventional foods although the scientific research on organic foodstuffs is highly contradictory. The aim of the present study was to investigate if intake of carrots from four different cultivation systems grown in two consecutive years would influence various biomarkers of health in a rat model. All rats were fed a diet with 40% carrot content. The carrots were grown under conventional (C), 'minimalistic' organic (O1), organic (O2), or 'very' organic cultivation systems (O3). A control group (CO) being fed standard rat chow was included. RESULTS: The plasma -tocopherol concentration was higher in the O2 carrot-based diet group than in the C carrot based-diet group in one year, while all other health biomarkers or nutrient content differences were observed between the CO diet and the carrot-based diets. CONCLUSION: This well-controlled field study demonstrated no clear influence of cultivation methods or harvest year on the nutritional quality of carrots or effect of cultivation methods on health-related biomarkers in a sensitive rat model. However, the experimental set-up and selected biomarkers could be used as a framework for further studies of health in relation to organic foodstuff. 
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) gene is involved in the response to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure. To investigate the hypothesis that the genetic variants in the AHR gene might be a causal genetic susceptibility to PAH-DNA adduct formation and glioma risk, we conducted a case-control study of 384 glioma cases and 384 cancer-free controls to explore the association between six common single-nucleotide polymorphisms of the AHR gene and glioma risk. Using PAH-DNA adducts as biomarkers, we then evaluated the association between PAH-DNA adduct levels and glioma risk based on a tissue microarray including 11 controls and 77 glioma patients. We further explored the contributions of the glioma risk-associated AHR polymorphisms to the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in glioma tissues based on 77 glioma patients. We found that PAH-DNA adduct staining existed in normal brain tissues and grades I-IV gliomas, and the staining intensity was significantly associated with the glioma grade. Two AHR polymorphisms (rs2066853 and rs2158041) demonstrated significant association with glioma risk. Intriguingly, we also found statistically significant associations between these two variants and PAH-DNA adduct levels in glioma tissue. These data suggest the contributions of AHR rs2066853 and rs2158041 to glioma risk and the PAH-DNA adduct levels, which shed new light on gene-environment interactions in the etiology of glioma. Further studies with a larger sample size and ethnically diverse populations are required to elucidate the potential biological mechanism for, as well as the impact of, the susceptibility to glioma due to genetic variants of AHR.
Unregulated electronic-waste recycling results in serious environmental pollution of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in Guiyu, China. We evaluated the body burden of seven carcinogenic PAHs and potential health risks for neonates. Umbilical cord blood (UCB) samples were collected from Guiyu (n=103), and the control area of Chaonan (n=80), China. PAHs in UCB were determined by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry. The median 7c-PAH concentration was 108.05 ppb in UCB samples from Guiyu, vs. 79.36 ppb in samples from Chaonan. Residence in Guiyu and longer cooking time of food during the gestation period were significant factors contributing to the 7c-PAH level. Benzo[a]anthracene (BaA), chrysene (Chr), and benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) were found to correlate with reduced neonatal height and gestational age. Infants experiencing adverse birth outcomes, on the whole, displayed higher BaA, Chr, and BaP levels compared to those with normal outcomes. We conclude that maternal PAH exposure results in fetal accumulation of toxic PAHs, and that such prenatal exposure correlates with adverse effects on neonatal health.
BACKGROUND: The nicotine metabolite ratio (NMR or 3-hydroxycotinine/cotinine) has been used to phenotype CYP2A6-mediated nicotine metabolism. Our objectives were to analyze (i) the stability of NMR in plasma, saliva, and blood in various storage conditions, (ii) the relationship between NMRs derived from blood, plasma, saliva, and urine, and (iii) the reproducibility of plasma NMR in ad libitum cigarette smokers. METHODS: We analyzed data from four clinical studies. In studies 1 and 2, we assessed NMR stability in saliva and plasma samples at room temperature (~22C) over 14 days and in blood at 4C for up to 72 hours. In studies 2 and 3, we used Bland-Altman analysis to assess agreement between blood, plasma, saliva, and urine NMRs. In study 4, plasma NMR was measured on six occasions over 44 weeks in 43 ad libitum smokers. RESULTS: Reliability coefficients for stability tests of NMR in plasma and saliva at room temperature were 0.97 and 0.98, respectively, and 0.92 for blood at 4C. Blood NMR agreed consistently with saliva and plasma NMRs but showed more variability in relation to urine NMR. The reliability coefficient for repeated plasma NMR measurements in smokers was 0.85. CONCLUSION: The NMR is stable in blood, plasma, and saliva at the conditions tested. Blood, plasma, and saliva NMRs are similar whereas urine NMR is a good proxy for these NMR measures. Plasma NMR was reproducible over time in smokers. IMPACT: One measurement may reliably estimate a smoker's NMR for use as an estimate of the rate of nicotine metabolism. 
This first study of trihalomethanes (THMs) in swimming pools using bromine agents for water disinfection under real conditions shows that the mixtures of these compounds are largely dominated by bromoform in a similar process as chloroform becomes the dominant THM in pools disinfected with chlorine agents. Bromoform largely predominates in air and water of the pool installations whose concentration changes are linearly correlated. However, the air concentrations of bromoform account for about 6-11% of the expected concentrations according to theoretical partitioning defined by the Henry law. Bromoform in exhaled air of swimmers is correlated with the air concentrations of this disinfectant by-product in the pool building. Comparison of the THM exhaled air concentrations between swimmers and volunteers bathing in the water without swimming or standing in the building outside the water suggest that physical activity enhance exposure to these disinfectant by-products. They also indicate that in swimming pools, besides inhalation, dermal absorption is a relevant route for the incorporation of THMs, particularly those with lower degree of bromination.
Indices of overall dietary patterns are used in epidemiologic research to examine the relationship between nutrition and health. The objective of this study was to develop and validate an interpretable summary measure of dietary intake of whole plant foods (WPF; whole grains, vegetables, whole fruit, legumes, nuts, seeds) because of their similar nutritional characteristics and health effects. Six candidate WPF measures were calculated using data from subjects (age  6 years) participating in the 1999-2000 and 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Measures differed by the inclusion or exclusion of potatoes and whether they were expressed as total intake or as a proportion of energy (4180 kJ) or mass (kg) consumed. Both standard and nontruncated (allowed to vary proportionally with intake) Healthy Eating Index-2005 (HEI-2005) scores were calculated. Regression analysis examined the associations between WPF and HEI-2005 measures, and between all diet measures and serum carotenoid concentration, serum lipids, fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and C-reactive protein. Mean total WPF intake was 3.6 cup/oz equivalents, or 1.7 cup/oz equivalents per 4180 kJ and per kg. The largest R between WPF and HEI-2005 measures was found for energy-adjusted WPF including potatoes and nontruncated HEI-2005 (R = 0.50). All diet measures were positively related to serum carotenoids (P <.001) and were similarly related to health indicators (R range from 0.003 to 0.16, P <.045 for regressions, indicating significant associations between WPF measures and health indicators). Whole plant food measures are interpretable indicators of dietary intake that are significantly related to nutrition and health biomarkers and may be of public health use.
Alcoholic liver cirrhosis (ALC) is a commonly accepted indication for liver transplantation (LT). Any alcohol consumption is considered a contraindication for LT. However, the assessment of abstinence in everyday practice mostly relies on patient self-reporting, which must be considered highly unreliable. After consumption, ethanol is eliminated by alcohol dehydrogenase, with methanol accumulating in the blood. Methanol, which is known to be a sensitive and specific indicator for recent alcohol consumption, has not been used for verifying alcohol consumption in LT assessments yet. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to test the feasibility of using methanol testing to identify recent alcohol consumption in LT candidates during routine and short-notice appointments. We compared methanol and ethanol measurements with self-reported alcohol consumption for 41 patients with ALC during the evaluation process before they were accepted onto the waiting list. In 32 of the 92 blood samples drawn from these 41 patients during the study, a relapse was detected by the methanol test. Both the ethanol test results and the self-reported data were positive in only 3 cases. Thus, the methanol test identified 29 additional cases of alcohol consumption. Furthermore, the methanol test discovered recent alcohol consumption in 5 of 10 transplant patients when both self-reported data and ethanol test results were negative. As a part of blood alcohol analysis, the methanol test is more sensitive than self-reporting and ethanol testing for the detection of recent alcohol consumption. Also, short-notice appointments for blood alcohol analysis reveal more cases of alcohol relapse than routine, long-term appointments. The measurement of methanol as a sensitive screening test for recent alcohol consumption should be implemented both in law and in daily, routine practice. Liver Transpl 18:1310-1315, 2012.  2012 AASLD.
In this work, we investigated exposure levels, distribution patterns, and potential harmful impacts of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) on thyroid hormone activity in 26 children with congenital hypothyroidism and their mothers' pair and 12 normal control pairs. The average concentration of PBDEs in congenital hypothyroidism (median: 22.16 ng/g lipid) was higher than in normal controls (median: 14.76 ng/g lipid), but there was no statistical difference between the two groups. The BDE congeners were dominated by penta- to hepta-BDEs, but the greater brominated congeners (e.g., BDE 197, 196, 207, and 208) were relatively abundant in congenital hypothyroidism. BDE 138 was only observed in the congenital hypothyroidism cases. The maternal transfer and transport ratio of individual BDE congeners was shown for BDE 28 (0.588, p < 0.001), BDE 47 (0.564, p < 0.001), BDE 49 (0.712, p < 0.001) and BDE 119 (0.477, p = 0.002). The thyroid hormones were most obviously influenced by the internal exposure to PBDEs in normal mothers, showing a positive relationship with TSH (0.641 with BDE 154; 0.591 with BDE 153) and FT4 (0.584 with BDE 49; 0.572 with BDE 66) and a negative relationship with T3 (-0.577 with BDE 154) in the normal infants group. No significant correlations were observed in the congenital hypothyroidism cases.
Polychlorinated biphenyls are persistent organic pollutants that have been used for decades in several industrial applications. Although production of polychlorinated biphenyls was restricted from the 1970s in most countries, substantial amounts remain in old equipment and buildings and they have been detected in various environmental and biological matrices. The main objective of this study was to analyze predictors of the combined exposure to three non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (congeners 138, 153 and 180) in serum and adipose tissue from an adult cohort (n=112) living in the city of Santa Cruz de la Sierra (Bolivia) and surrounding towns/villages. A second aim was to identify modifiers that might influence the statistical associations found, using crude, partially-adjusted, and global multiple linear regression models. Main predictors of serum concentrations were occupation and fatty food consumption, while those for adipose tissue concentrations included age, smoking habit, fatty food consumption, and residence. The differences between the two matrices might be derived from their biological meaning, given that adipose tissue concentrations are an indicator of chronic exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls while serum levels are a good predictor of ongoing exposure and the mobilization of polychlorinated biphenyls stored in fatty tissues. Body mass index was found to be an important modifier of these associations.
BACKGROUND: Canadian dietary sources of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) include marine and non-marine whole foods, functional foods, and nutraceuticals. OBJECTIVE/DESIGN: In the present study, these sources were incorporated into a nutrient-specific, semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and the ability to measure the EPA and DHA intakes of Canadian adults was assessed. Specifically, the EPA and DHA intakes estimated by FFQ of 78 men and women, 20 to 60 years of age, were compared with EPA and DHA measurements from 3-day food records and measures of EPA and DHA in fasting whole blood. RESULTS: Mean (standard deviation) and median intakes of EPA+DHA were 0.340.34 and 0.21 g/day by FFQ and 0.470.71 and 0.13 g/day by food record, with no significant differences between mean intakes (P=0.93). The FFQ provided higher estimates than the food record at low intakes of EPA and DHA and lower estimates at high intakes based on Bland-Altman plots. The FFQ was moderately correlated with food record (r=0.31 to 0.49) and with blood biomarker measures of EPA and DHA (r=0.31 to 0.51). Agreement analysis revealed that 42% of participants were classified in the same and 77% into same or adjacent quartile when EPA and DHA intake was assessed by food record and by FFQ. Similar quartile agreement was found for EPA and DHA intakes by FFQ with blood biomarker EPA and DHA. The range of the validity coefficients, calculated using the method of triads, was 0.43 to 0.71 for FFQ measurement of EPA+DHA. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ is an adequate tool for estimating usual EPA and DHA intakes and ranking Canadian adults by their intakes. 
The aim of this study was to investigate the influencing factors that characterize low density lipoprotein (LDL) phenotype and the levels of LDL particle size in healthy Korean women. In 57 healthy Korean women (mean age, 57.4  13.1 yrs), anthropometric and biochemical parameters such as lipid profiles and LDL particle size were measured. Dietary intake was estimated by a developed semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. The study subjects were divided into two groups: LDL phenotype A (mean size: 269.7, n = 44) and LDL phenotype B (mean size: 248.2, n = 13). Basic characteristics were not significantly different between the two groups. The phenotype B group had a higher body mass index, higher serum levels of triglyceride, total-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo)B, and apoCIII but lower levels of high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and LDL particle size than those of the phenotype A group. LDL particle size was negatively correlated with serum levels of triglyceride (r = -0.732, P < 0.001), total-cholesterol, apoB, and apoCIII, as well as carbohydrate intake (%En) and positively correlated with serum levels of HDL-cholesterol and ApoA1 and fat intake (%En). A stepwise multiple linear regression analysis revealed that carbohydrate intake (%En) and serum triglyceride levels were the primary factors influencing LDL particle size (P < 0.001, R(2) = 0.577). This result confirmed that LDL particle size was closely correlated with circulating triglycerides and demonstrated that particle size is significantly associated with dietary carbohydrate in Korean women.
UNLABELLED: The main goal of the study was to assess possible association between transplacental exposure to genotoxic PAH compounds assessed by the cord blood PAH-DNA adducts and fractional exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) measured in healthy non-asthmatic children at the age of 7 years. The subjects included the subsample of 89 children who took part in the ongoing population based birth cohort study in Krakow and attended FeNO testing. The effect of transplacental PAH exposure was adjusted for potential confounders, such as maternal allergy and children's specific atopy to common domestic allergens. RESULTS: FeNO values were significantly elevated in children with higher prenatal PAH exposure (gmean = 7.7 ppb; 95% CI: 5.8-10.2 ppb) compared with those at low exposure level (gmean = 3.8 ppb; 95% CI: 2.3-6.3) (P = 0.011). Children with maternal allergy had also significantly higher mean FeNO values (gmean = 13.7 ppb, 95% CI: 8.8-21.4 ppb) compared with the subjects whose mothers denied allergy (gmean = 5.6 ppb, 95% CI: 4.3-7.3 ppb) (P = 0.012). Similarly, FeNO values in atopic children were higher (gmean = 11.2 ppb; 95% CI: 3.8-32.8 ppb) than in non-atopic individuals (gmean = 6.0 ppb; 95% CI: 4.7-7.7 ppb, P = 0.079). The results of the nested multivariable linear regression analysis showed that both maternal allergy and sensitization of children to domestic aeroallergens jointly explained 10.4% of FeNO variance, however, the additional 10.9% was determined by prenatal PAH exposure. CONCLUSION: FeNO is more than a marker useful for screening atopy or symptomatic bronchial inflammation and may also be a proxy for cytokine deregulation and "allergic response" phenotype possibly established in fetal period due to transplacental PAH exposure. Preliminary results of our study should encourage more studies on intrauterine PAH exposure and later respiratory symptoms. 
Correctly assessing the metabolic status of subjects after consumption of specific diets is an important challenge for modern nutrition. Recently, metabolomics has been proposed as a powerful tool for exploring the complex relationship between nutrition and health. Nutritional metabolomics, through investigating the role that dietary components play in the maintenance of health and development of risk disease, aims to identify new biomarkers that allow the intake of these compounds to be monitored and related to their expected biological effects. This review offers an overview of the application of nutrimetabolomic strategies in the discovery of new biomarkers in human nutritional research, suggesting three main categories: (1) assessment of nutritional and dietary interventions; (2) diet exposure and food consumption monitoring; and (3) health phenotype and metabolic impact of diet. For this purpose, several examples of these applications will be used to provide evidence and to discuss the advantages and drawbacks of these nutrimetabolomic strategies.
Until today, the mainstay of phenylketonuria (PKU) treatment is a phenylalanine (Phe)-restricted diet. Strict dietary treatment decreases flexibility and autonomy and still has a major impact on patients and their families. Compliance is often poor, particularly in adolescence. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of the intake of fruits and vegetables containing Phe less than 100 mg/100g ('simplified diet'), as recommended by WHO for all individuals, instead of classical totally restricted diet on the course and treatment control of the disease in a well-characterized PKU cohort (n=80). All individual blood Phe measurements of each patient (1992-2009) were statistically analyzed before and after diet switch. Epidemiological data, age at diagnosis, PAH mutations, BH(4) responsiveness, as well as Phe control measurements and detailed diet information were tabulated in a local database. 62.5% had BH4 loading test and 40% had PAH analysis; 50/80 switched from classical to simplified diet, including 26 classical PKU, 13 moderate PKU, 7 mild PKU and 4 mild hyperphenylalaninemia (HPA). Median Phe levels on a simplified diet did not differ significantly to the median Phe levels on classical diet in all disease groups. Our results indicate that a simplified diet has no negative effect on blood Phe control in patients with hyperphenylalaninemia, independent of severity of the phenotype or the age at diet switch, over the period of 3 years. Thus, a simpler approach to dietary treatment of PKU available to all HPA patients is more likely to be accepted and adhered by patients and might also increase quality of life.
Compact and linearly growing polyelectrolyte multilayer films have been used to suppress desorption of drugs, nanoparticles or proteins from underlying polyelectrolyte multilayer films as well as to significantly change their mechanical properties. The polyelectrolyte based capping layers are however cumbersome to deposit and alternative barrier layers offering enzymatic retention in the films as well as permeability to small molecules, for example the substrates of the embedded enzymes, are highly desired. In this article we show that barrier layers made through atmospheric pressure dielectric barrier discharge polymerization of ethylene glycol dimethacrylate offer the opportunity to simultaneously suppress enzyme desorption from the underlying polyelectrolyte multilayer film and to ensure accessibility of the enzymatic substrate. This holds true when the barrier film totally covers the underlying film and as long is not too thick. When the plasma deposited barrier becomes 300 nm thick, the hydrolysis curve of the enzyme presents a lag phase typical of a diffusion-limited process.
Pubertal gynaecomastia is a clinical sign of an oestrogen-androgen imbalance, which occurs in 40-60% of adolescent Caucasian boys. In most cases no underlying endocrinopathy can be identified. A recent study reports higher plasma phthalate levels in Turkish boys with pubertal gynaecomastia. Therefore, we asked whether there was an association between concurrent measures of urinary phthalate metabolites and pubertal timing as well as the presence of gynaecomastia in otherwise healthy boys. We studied a total of 555 healthy boys (age 6.07-19.83 years) as part of the COPENHAGEN Puberty Study. Anthropometry and pubertal stages (PH1-6 and G1-5) were evaluated, and the presence of gynaecomastia was assessed. Non-fasting blood samples were analysed for serum testosterone and morning urine samples were analysed for the total content of 12 phthalate metabolites (MEP, MnBP, MiBP, MBzP, MEHP, MEHHP, MEOHP, MECPP, MiNP, MHiNP, MiONP and MCiOP) by LC-MS/MS. A statistically significant negative correlation was observed between chronological age and the urinary concentration of the sum of measured metabolites DEHP (DEHPm) (r = -0.164) and DiNP (DiNPm) (r = -0.224), respectively, and the sum of monobutyl phthalate (MBP) isomers (MBP((i+n))) (r = -0.139) (all with p < 0.01). In contrast urinary monoethyl phthalate concentration was positively correlated to age (r = 0.187, p < 0.01). The urinary levels of phthalate metabolites were not associated with age at pubertal onset, serum testosterone levels or presence of gynaecomastia. In conclusion, we did not find evidence of anti-androgenic effects of phthalates in our healthy boys. Thus, current phthalate exposure was not associated with pubertal timing, testosterone levels or with the presence of pubertal gynaecomastia in this cross-sectional study. However, longitudinal studies are needed to evaluate possible perinatal or long-term postnatal effects of phthalates on healthy boys.
BACKGROUND: High plasma copeptin (copeptin), the C-terminal fragment of arginine vasopressin pro-hormone, has been associated with the metabolic syndrome (MetS), diabetes mellitus (DM) development and nephropathy. Here we tested whether elevated copeptin level is associated with later development of the MetS, its individual components and microalbuminuria. METHODS: We analysed copeptin at baseline (1991-1994) in the population-based Malm Diet and Cancer Study cardiovasular cohort and re-examined 2064 subjects 15.8 years later (mean age 72.8 years, 59% women) with oral glucose tolerance test and measurement of MetS and its individual components. RESULTS: After age and sex adjustment, increasing quartiles of copeptin at baseline (the lowest quartile as reference) were associated with MetS (P for trend=0.008), incident abdominal obesity (P for trend=0.002), DM (P for trend=0.001) and microalbuminuria (P for trend=0.002). After additional adjustment for all the MetS components at baseline, increasing copeptin quartiles predicted incident abdominal obesity (odds ratios 1.55, 1.30 and 1.59; P for trend=0.04), DM (odds ratios 1.18, 1.32 and 1.46; P for trend=0.04) and microalbuminuria (odds ratios 1.05, 1.08 and 1.65; P for trend=0.02) but not MetS (P for trend=0.19) at the reexamination. Further, the relationship between copeptin and microalbuminuria was independent of baseline C-reactive protein, incident DM and incident hypertension. CONCLUSION: Copeptin independently predicts DM and abdominal obesity but not the cluster of MetS. Apart from predicting DM and abdominal obesity, elevated copeptin signals increased risk of microalbuminuria. Interestingly, the association between copeptin and later microalbuminuria was independent of both prevalent and incident DM and hypertension. Our findings suggest a relationship between a dysregulated vasopressin system and cardiometabolic risk, which could have implications for risk assessment and novel preventive treatments. 
Increased plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) has been associated with a high consumption of fruits and vegetables. However, limited information is available on whether plasma TAC reflects the dietary intake of antioxidants and the levels of individual antioxidants in plasma. By using three different assays, the study aimed to determine if plasma TAC can effectively predict dietary intake of antioxidants and plasma antioxidant status. Forty overweight and apparently healthy postmenopausal women were recruited. Seven-day food records and 12-h fasting blood samples were collected for dietary and plasma antioxidant assessments. Plasma TAC was determined by vitamin C equivalent antioxidant capacity (VCEAC), ferric-reducing ability of plasma (FRAP) and oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) assays. TAC values determined by VCEAC were highly correlated with FRAP (r=0.79, P<.01) and moderately correlated with ORAC (r=0.34, P<.05). Pearson correlation analyses showed that plasma TAC values by VCEAC and ORAC had positive correlation with plasma uric acid (r=0.56 for VCEAC; r=0.49 for ORAC) and total phenolics (r=0.63 for VCEAC; r=0.36 for ORAC). However, TAC measured by FRAP was correlated only with uric acid (r=0.69). After multivariate adjustment, plasma TAC determined by VCEAC was positively associated with dietary intakes of -tocopherol (P<.001), -carotene (P<.05), anthocyanidins (P<.05), flavones (P<.05), proanthocyanidins (P<.01) and TAC (P<.05), as well as with plasma total phenolics (P<.05), -tocopherol (P<.001), -cryptoxanthin (P<.05) and uric acid (P<.05). The findings indicate that plasma TAC measured by VCEAC reflects both dietary and plasma antioxidants and represents more closely the plasma antioxidant levels than ORAC and FRAP.
An objective noninvasive biomarker for fruit and vegetable (FV) consumption would help to more reliably characterize the relationship between FV intake and health status in observational studies. Because increases in urinary hippuric acid (HA) were observed after consumption of several FV varieties, we aimed to investigate whether 24-h urinary HA may represent a potential biomarker for FV consumption in children and adolescents. The association of FV and juice (FVJ) intake calculated from 3-d weighed dietary records with 24-h urinary HA excretion was analyzed in 240 healthy children and adolescents and compared with associations of the established biomarkers urinary nitrogen (uN) and urinary potassium (uK) with protein and potassium intake, respectively. Spearman correlation coefficients (r) and cross-classifications were calculated for all diet-biomarker associations. Potential confounders for the HA-FVJ association were examined in linear regression models. In children, correlations of HA with FVJ (r = 0.62), uN with protein (r = 0.64), and potassium intake with uK (r = 0.65) were comparable. In adolescents, the HA-FVJ association was weaker (r = 0.41) compared with the biomarkers uN (r = 0.60) and uK (r = 0.58) (all P < 0.0001). Cross-classification into the same/adjacent quartile by dietary and urinary data were >85% for all analyzed comparisons except for a 75% classification agreement between HA and FVJ in adolescents. Unadjusted and adjusted linear regression models indicated significant (P < 0.0001) HA-FVJ associations in both age groups. FVJ explained more of the variability in HA excretion in children (R(2) = 0.38) than in adolescents (R(2) = 0.22). Our findings in children showing HA-FVJ associations comparable to those for well-established biomarkers with their respective dietary intakes suggest that HA may represent a useful biomarker for FVJ.
The aim of this study was to investigate the antiadiposity effect of bitter melon seed oil (BMSO), which is rich in the cis-9, trans-11, trans-13 isomer of conjugated linolenic acid. In Expt. 1, C57BL/6J mice were fed a butter-based, high-fat diet [HB; 29% butter + 1% soybean oil (SBO)] for 10 wk to induce obesity. They then continued to receive that diet or were switched to an SBO-based, high-fat diet alone (HS; 30% SBO) or containing bitter melon seed oil (BMSO) (HBM; 15% SBO + 15% BMSO) for 5 wk. The body fat percentage was significantly lower in mice fed the HBM diet (21%), but not the HS diet, compared with mice fed the HB diet. In Expt. 2, mice were fed an SBO-based, high-fat diet containing 0 (HS), 5 (LBM), 10 (MBM), or 15% (HBM) BMSO for 10 wk. In the LBM, MBM, and HBM groups, the body fat percentage was significantly lower by 32, 35, and 65%, respectively, compared with the HS control. The reduction in the HBM group was significantly greater than that in the LBM or MBM group. BMSO administration increased phosphorylation of acetyl-CoA carboxylase, cAMP-activated protein kinase (PKA), and signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 in the white adipose tissue (WAT), suggesting that PKA and leptin signaling might be involved in the BMSO-mediated reduction in lipogenesis and increase in thermogenesis and lipolysis. However, compared with the HS control, the HBM group had a significantly higher TNF concentration in the WAT accompanied by TUNEL-positive nuclei. We conclude that BMSO is effective in attenuating body fat accumulation through mechanisms associated with PKA activation and programmed cell death in the WAT, but safety concerns need to be carefully addressed.
The concentrative nucleoside transporter CNT1 and equilibrated nucleoside transporter ENT1 mediate the cellular uptake of naturally occurring pyrimidine and purine nucleosides and many structurally diverse anticancer and antiviral nucleoside analogs, thereby regulating drug responses or toxicity at the target site. The objectives of this study were to analyze interindividual variations in the cellular accumulation of gemcitabine and to examine the correlation between the uptake of gemcitabine and expression levels of CNT1 and ENT1 transporters. Gemcitabine was a substrate for both CNT1 and ENT1 with higher affinity to CNT1 than to ENT1. The difference in gemcitabine uptake was 4.8-fold in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from 10 subjects. Among these, the CNT1- and ENT1-mediated uptake of gemcitabine was 14.3- and 16.5-folds, respectively. CNT1-mediated gemcitabine uptake showed a higher correlation with the CNT1 expression level than did ENT1-mediated uptake with ENT1 expression level. In conclusion, CNT1 seemed to be a major contributing factor to gemcitabine uptake in PBMCs and showed 14.3-fold inter-individual variations. However, ENT1-mediated uptake of gemcitabine might compensate for the total uptake of gemcitabine; therefore, the variation in the apparent accumulation of gemcitabine was smaller than that of the individual transporters.
BACKGROUND: The Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) is the most commonly used method for ranking individuals based on long term food intake in large epidemiological studies. The validation of an FFQ for specific populations is essential as food consumption is culture dependent. The aim of this study was to develop a Semi-quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire (SFFQ) and evaluate its validity and reproducibility in estimating nutrient intake in urban and rural areas of Argentina. METHODS/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Overall, 256 participants in the Argentinean arm of the ongoing Prospective Urban and Rural Epidemiological study (PURE) were enrolled for development and validation of the SFFQ. One hundred individuals participated in the SFFQ development. The other 156 individuals completed the SFFQs on two occasions, four 24-hour Dietary Recalls (24DRs) in urban, and three 24DRs in rural areas during a one-year period. Correlation coefficients (r) and de-attenuated correlation coefficients between 24DRs and SFFQ were calculated for macro and micro-nutrients. The level of agreement between the two methods was evaluated using classification into same and extreme quartiles and the Bland-Altman method. The reproducibility of the SFFQ was assessed by Pearson correlation coefficients and Intra-class Correlation Coefficients (ICC). The SFFQ consists of 96 food items. In both urban and rural settings de-attenuated correlations exceeded 0.4 for most of the nutrients. The classification into the same and adjacent quartiles was more than 70% for urban and 60% for rural settings. The Pearson correlation between two SFFQs varied from 0.30-0.56 and 0.32-0.60 in urban and rural settings, respectively. CONCLUSION: Our results showed that this SFFQ had moderate relative validity and reproducibility for macro and micronutrients in relation to the comparison method and can be used to rank individuals based on habitual nutrient intake. 
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) are a class of flame retardants historically used in textiles, furniture, and electronic products. Recent studies have documented widespread PBDE exposure to humans, with higher levels measured in children than adults. We analyzed 10 tri- to hepta-BDE congener levels in blood collected from 7-year old Mexican-American children living in an agriculture community in California (n = 272). The most frequently detected PBDE congeners in child serum were BDE-47, -99, -100, and -153, all of which were measured in >99% of the children. We used multiple linear regression models to examine associations between child total PBDE levels (ng/g lipid) and determinants of exposure. Factors positively associated with higher PBDE levels in the children were total PBDE levels in maternal serum during pregnancy, duration of exclusive breastfeeding, and having no safe places to play in their neighborhood. Child BMI was inversely associated with serum PBDE levels (regression p-values <0.05). Our findings confirm that exposure to the penta-BDE mixture is ongoing, and that Mexican-American children living in California may be experiencing higher PBDE exposure from their environment compared to children sampled from the general U.S. population. Additional research is needed to assess the health impacts of these exposures.
BACKGROUND: Since serum albumin is glycosylated more rapidly than hemoglobin, it is possible that the glycated albumin (GA) to HbA1c ratio (GA: HbA1c ratio) is potentially a more sensitive indicator of blood glucose excursion than HbA1c. The aim of the present study was to assess the clinical usefulness of GA: HbA1c ratio as a marker of daily glucose excursions in patients with type 1 diabetes according to the subtypes; acute onset type 1A, fulminant and slowly progressive type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Fifty-six outpatients with type 1 diabetes [16 fulminant, 20 acute-onset type 1A and 20 slowly progressive (SPIDDM)] were recruited consecutively. Each patient performed self-monitoring of blood glucose at seven points a day. The associations among the daily profile of glucose and GA, HbA1c, GA: HbA1c ratio were examined across and within the subtypes of type 1 diabetes. RESULTS: GA and GA: HbA1c ratio were each independently correlated with mean amplitude of glucose excursion (MAGE) in patients with type 1 diabetes (F=27.53, p<0.001 and F=13.02, p<0.001, respectively). GA: HbA1c ratio was significantly higher in fulminant type 1 diabetic patients than in SPIDDM patients (3.5  0.2 vs. 3.2  0.5, p=0.015) and it was independently associated with MAGE within fulminant type 1 diabetes (F=21.2, p<0.001). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the present study demonstrated that GA: HbA1c ratio could be a better marker for glycemic variability than HbA1c in type 1 diabetes, especially in fulminant type 1 diabetes. 
Several studies have investigated the potential health benefits, including those associated with neurological function, of the n-3 fatty acid DHA. This has arisen in part because of the association between higher intakes of fish, which is a major dietary source of DHA, and reduced disease risk. In addition to DHA, fish also provides choline and vitamin D. The objective of the present study was to assess whether women in the first half of pregnancy with low fish intake also had low blood concentrations of vitamin D, choline and DHA. A total of 222 pregnant women at 16 weeks of gestation were examined for dietary intake, erythrocyte (phosphatidylethanolamine PE) DHA, plasma free choline and 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D). Women who consumed  75 g fish/week (n 56) compared to  150 g fish/week (n 116) had lower dietary intake of DHA, total choline and vitamin D (P< 0001), and lower erythrocyte PE DHA (525 (sd 127), 683 (sd 162) g/100 g total fatty acid, respectively, P< 001), plasma free choline (659 (sd 165), 740 (sd 205) mol/l, respectively, P= 0023) and 25(OH)D (503 (sd 200), 625 (sd 298) nmol/l, respectively, P< 001). DHA intake was positively related to the intake of vitamin D from foods ( 047, P< 0001) and total choline ( 032, P< 0001). Dietary intakes and biomarkers of DHA, choline and vitamin D status were assessed to be linked. This raises the possibility that unidentified concurrent nutrient inadequacies might have an impact on the results of studies addressing the benefits of supplemental DHA.
OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to quantitatively evaluate population variability, regional uniformity and repeatability of myocardial blood flow measurements using [13N]-ammonia and small animal PET. METHODS: Serial PET scans were conducted on Sprague-Dawley rats using [13N]-ammonia to study relative perfusion and absolute myocardial blood flow (ml/min/g). FlowQuant automated analysis software was used to produce five-segment polar maps to investigate regional myocardial blood flow differences. The interobserver and intraobserver repeatability was assessed quantitatively using Bland-Altman analysis. RESULTS: Absolute myocardial blood flow values were 4.3  1.1 ml/min/g, corresponding to a population variability of 25.5%. There were significant age-related increases in resting myocardial blood flow (r2=0.59, P<0.001). The test-retest differences had a coefficient of repeatability of 24.5% of the mean myocardial blood flow. The operator variability was small, relative to the population variability. CONCLUSION: Repeatable myocardial blood flow values are minimally influenced by operator intervention. However, age-related myocardial blood flow increases must be taken into account when comparing measurements between experimental groups. 
Phthalate esters are used in a wide variety of consumer products, and human exposure to this class of compounds is widespread. Nevertheless, studies on dietary exposure of humans to phthalates are limited. In this study, nine phthalate esters were analyzed in eight categories of foodstuffs (n = 78) collected from Harbin and Shanghai, China, in 2011. Dimethyl phthalate (DMP), diethyl phthalate (DEP), dibutyl phthalate (DBP), diisobutyl phthalate (DIBP), benzyl butyl phthalate (BzBP), and diethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) were frequently detected in food samples. DEHP was the major compound found in most of the food samples, with concentrations that ranged from below the limit of quantification (LOQ) to 762 ng/g wet weight (wt). The concentrations of phthalates in food samples from China were comparable to concentrations reported for several other countries, but the profiles were different; DMP was found more frequently in Chinese foods than in foods from other countries. The estimated daily dietary intake of phthalates (EDIdiet) was calculated based on the concentrations measured and the daily ingestion rates of food items. The EDIdiet values for DMP, DEP, DIBP, DBP, BzBP, and DEHP (based on mean concentrations) were 0.092, 0.051, 0.505, 0.703, 0.022, and 1.60 g/kg-bw/d, respectively, for Chinese adults. The EDIdiet values calculated for phthalates were below the reference doses suggested by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Comparison of total daily intakes, reported previously based on a biomonitoring study, with the current dietary intake estimates suggests that diet is the main source of DEHP exposure in China. Nevertheless, diet accounted for only <10% of the total exposure to DMP, DEP, DBP, and DIBP, which suggested the existence of other sources of exposure to these phthalates. 
The present study was designed to examine the effects of short-term diet and exercise on markers of metabolic health, serum-stimulated production of inflammatory biomarkers from cultured monocytes and adipocytes, and serum lipomics. Twenty-one overweight/obese children (9 boys and 12 girls, age 13.0  0.5 yr, BMI 33.0  1.8 kg/m(2)) were placed on a 2-wk ad libitum, high-fiber, low-fat diet and daily exercise regimen. Fasting serum samples were taken pre- and postintervention for determination of cytokines, metabolic risk markers, and lipomics. Monocytes and adipocytes were incubated with pre- and postintervention serum to investigate changes in cytokine secretion. Correlative associations were calculated, followed by hierarchical clustering to determine relationships between fatty acid (FA) species and clinical biomarkers. Despite remaining overweight/obese, interleukin (IL)-6, IL-8, TNF, PAI-1, resistin, amylin, leptin, insulin, and IL-1ra decreased and adiponectin increased. Culture studies indicated decreases in monocyte secretion of IL-6, TNF, and IL-1 and adipocyte secretion of IL-6. Lipomic analysis revealed a decrease in total lipids and decreases in saturated FAs and an increase in 18:1/18:0. In general, Pearson's correlations revealed that inflammatory markers are negatively associated with a cluster of polyunsaturated FAs and positively correlated with several saturated FAs. These results indicate significant modification of multiple indices of metabolic health with short-term rigorous lifestyle modification in overweight/obese children prior to obesity reversal.
Alkylresorcinols (AR) have been suggested as specific dietary biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake. AR are metabolised to 3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA) and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid (DHPPA), which have longer apparent half-lives and were recently proposed to better reflect long-term whole-grain consumption than the intact AR. The objective of this study was to analyse the reliability--expressed by the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC)--of AR metabolite concentrations among 100 participants from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Potsdam study who provided two fasting plasma samples 4 months apart. DHBA and DHPPA concentrations were not significantly different between the first and second measurement over the 4-month period (P>0.05). The ICC was 0.32 (95% confidence interval (CI)=0.13-0.49) for DHBA and 0.37 (95%CI=0.19-0.53) for DHPPA. These results suggest that AR metabolites cannot be considered to be better biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake than the intact AR in fasting plasma (ICC=0.42).
The frequency of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has increased in parallel with obesity in the United States. NASH is progressive and characterized by hepatic damage, inflammation, fibrosis, and oxidative stress. Because C20-22 (n-3) PUFA are established regulators of lipid metabolism and inflammation, we tested the hypothesis that C20-22 (n-3) PUFA in menhaden oil (MO) prevent high-fat (HF) diet-induced fatty liver disease in mice. Wild-type (WT) and Ldlr(-/-) C57BL/6J mice were fed the following diets for 12 wk: nonpurified (NP), HF with lard (60% of energy from fat), HF-high-cholesterol with olive oil (HFHC-OO; 54.4% of energy from fat, 0.5% cholesterol), or HFHC-OO supplemented with MO (HFHC-MO). When compared with the NP diet, the HF and HFHC-OO diets induced hepatosteatosis and hepatic damage [elevated plasma alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferases] and elevated hepatic expression of markers of inflammation (monocyte chemoattractant protein-1), fibrosis (procollagen 11), and oxidative stress (heme oxygenase-1) (P  0.05). Hepatic damage (i.e., ALT) correlated (r = 0.74, P < 0.05) with quantitatively higher (>140%, P < 0.05) hepatic cholesterol in Ldlr(-/-) mice fed the HFHC-OO diet than WT mice fed the HF or HFHC-OO diets. Plasma and hepatic markers of liver damage, steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis, but not oxidative stress, were lower in WT and Ldlr(-/-) mice fed the HFHC-MO diet compared with the HFHC-OO diet (P < 0.05). In conclusion, MO [C20-22 (n-3) PUFA at 2% of energy] decreases many, but not all, HF diet-induced markers of fatty liver disease in mice.
Insulin therapy in type 1 diabetes aims to mimic the pattern of endogenous insulin secretion found in healthy subjects. Glucose-insulin models are widely used in the development of new predictive control strategies in order to maintain the plasma glucose concentration within a narrow range, avoiding the risks of high or low levels of glucose in the blood. However, due to the high variability of this biological process, the exact values of the model parameters are unknown, but they can be bounded by intervals. In this work, the computation of tight glucose concentration bounds under parametric uncertainty for the development of robust prediction tools is addressed. A monotonicity analysis of the model states and parameters is performed. An analysis of critical points, state transformations and application of differential inequalities are proposed to deal with non-monotone parameters. In contrast to current methods, the guaranteed simulations for the glucose-insulin model are carried out by considering uncertainty in all the parameters and initial conditions. Furthermore, no time-discretisation is required, which helps to reduce the computational time significantly. As a result, we are able to compute a tight glucose envelope that bounds all the possible patient's glycemic responses with low computational effort.
Recent studies have indicated that obesity increases the risk of developing several types of cancers including lung cancer, which is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide. In the present study, we attempted to discover marker proteins associated with lung cancer progression mediated by treatment of a high-fat diet (HFD) using 2DE combined with MALDI-TOF-MS. Image analysis and further statistical analysis allowed for the detection and identification of 14 proteins, which consequently were classified into two groups based on their regulation patterns in response to diet and tumor. Interestingly, the protein abundances of ten proteins exhibited a synergistic effect when treated with HFD in tumor-bearing mice (Group I). Proteins that had a higher abundance in the plasma of tumor-bearing mice included FGB, Tf, Hpx, Cp, and Hp and the proteins that had a lower abundance included A1AT precursor, PON1, TTRt, and 2-M. These proteins can be used as molecular markers that contribute simultaneously to both obesity and cancer. Four other proteins showed an increase (complement C3 and FGA) or decrease (Apo H and AT III precursor) in the only tumor-bearing mice independently of diet (Group II). The marker proteins identified here may lead to the development of new therapeutics for obesity-causative treatment of lung cancer.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were measured in plasma samples of 162 juvenile loggerhead sea turtles (Caretta caretta) from Canary Islands, and 205 adult nesting loggerheads from Cape Verde. All the 367 samples showed detectable values of some type of PAH. Phenanthrene was the PAH most frequently detected and at the highest concentration in both populations. Median concentrations of PAHs in the plasma of loggerheads from the Canary Islands and Cape Verde were similar (5.5 and 4.6 ng/ml, respectively). Di- and tri-cyclic PAHs were predominant in both populations suggesting petrogenic origin rather than urban sources of PAHs. In the group of turtles from Canary Islands, there was evident an increasing level of contamination over the last few years. The present study represents the first data of contamination by PAHs in sea turtles from the studied areas.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) are synthetic organochlorine compounds with potential neurotoxic effects. Although negative effects on neuropsychological development have been observed in previous studies on PCB exposure, there are inconsistencies in these effects at current exposure levels of these compounds which are much lower than for previous generations. This study aimed to disentangle the effects of prenatal and postnatal PCB exposure on neuropsychological development at 4 years of age. This study is based on a population-based birth cohort design established in Menorca (Spain) as part of the INMA [Environment and Childhood] Project. We assessed general neuropsychological development using the McCarthy Scales of Children's Abilities (MCSA). A total of 422 4-year old children were assessed with the MCSA. Levels of PCBs were measured in cord blood (n=405) and in blood samples taken at 4 years (n=285). We found no statistically significant effects of the sum of prenatal PCBs on MCSA scores. Nevertheless, individual congener analyses yielded significant detrimental effects of prenatal PCB153 on the majority of MCSA scores, while no effects were reported for other congeners. The levels of PCBs at 4 years of age were not associated with neuropsychological development. Thus, prenatal exposure to low-level concentrations of PCBs, particularly PCB153, was associated with an overall deleterious effect on neuropsychological development at 4 years of age, including negative effects on executive function, verbal functions and visuospatial abilities, but not on motor development.
The aim of the study was to demonstrate the influence of target gene and amplification product length on the performance of fetal gender determination systems using maternal plasma. A total of 40 pairs of plasma DNA samples from pregnant women and genomic DNA samples from maternal blood, amniotic fluid and paternal blood were isolated for gender determination by amplification of the amelogenin gene and 17 Y-chromosome STR loci, using three different commercial kits. The gender of the fetuses was confirmed by cytogenetic analysis or phenotype at birth. Both the AmpFSTR-Identifiler amplification kit and the Mini-STR Amplification kit for amelogenin gene detection were reliable in determining fetal gender (92.0% and 96.0%, respectively), but false negatives were present in both systems. AmpFSTR-Yfiler was found to be fully reliable as it amplified Y-STR in all cases of pregnancies with male fetuses and thus was 100% correct in determining fetal gender. The results demonstrated that multiple fluorescent PCR for 17 Y-STR loci was more reliable than AMELY gene testing in fetal sex determination with maternal plasma. We also found that the shorter amplification products could improve the performance of fetal gender determination systems.
BACKGROUND: Measurement errors in the dietary assessment of fruit and vegetable intake may attenuate associations with breast cancer risk and might explain the weak associations observed in epidemiologic studies. Carotenoid concentrations in blood are biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake; however, no systematic assessment has compared dietary intake with blood concentrations of carotenoids and breast cancer risk. OBJECTIVE: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies of dietary intake and blood concentrations of carotenoids and breast cancer risk. DESIGN: We searched PubMed and several other databases for relevant studies up to 31 August 2011. Random-effects models were used to estimate summary estimates. RESULTS: Of the 6 dietary carotenoids assessed, only intake of -carotene was significantly associated with a reduced breast cancer risk (summary RR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.91, 0.99; I(2): 0%) per 5000 g/d (n = 10). In contrast, the summary RR for blood concentrations of carotenoids was 0.78 (95% CI: 0.61, 0.99; I(2): 53%) per 100 g total carotenoids/dL (n = 7), 0.74 (95% CI: 0.57, 0.97; I(2): 43%) per 50 g -carotene/dL (n = 13), 0.82 (95% CI: 0.73, 0.92, I(2): 3%) per 10 g -carotene/dL (n = 12), and 0.68 (95% CI: 0.52, 0.89; I(2): 0%) per 25 g lutein/dL (n = 6). CONCLUSIONS: Blood concentrations of carotenoids are more strongly associated with reduced breast cancer risk than are carotenoids assessed by dietary questionnaires. Our results suggest that the use of certain biomarkers may clarify inconsistent and weak results between dietary intake and breast cancer risk. 
We investigated the relationship between cardiovascular disease (CVD) and the achieved blood pressure, dietary habits and the presence/absence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in hypertensive patients treated with olmesartan medoxomil. A prospective cohort study with a 3-year follow-up was conducted in 14721 olmesartan-naive outpatients (mean age: 64.9 years, 49.6% women) with essential hypertension. The association of CVD with achieved blood pressure, dietary habits and MetS was investigated by Cox proportional hazards analysis. There were 3059 patients (31.8%) with MetS (Japanese criteria) among 9625 evaluable patients. The mean baseline blood pressure was 157.4/88.8mmHg, which decreased to 134.0/76.1mmHg during treatment (P<0.0001). The annual incidence of CVD was 7.15 per 1000 persons during the study period. When the achieved blood pressure was stratified according to the Japanese Society of Hypertension Guidelines for the Management of Hypertension (JSH 2009), the risk of CVD increased significantly along with the severity of hypertension (P<0.0001), especially the risk of stroke. Investigation of dietary habits revealed a significant association between salt intake and the risk of stroke. Higher salt intake was associated with a significantly higher risk of stroke than lower salt intake (hazard ratio, 1.897; 95% confidence interval, 1.003-3.590). Blood pressure was well controlled in both patients with and without MetS, and there was no significant difference in the incidence of events between the two groups. In conclusion, the severity of hypertension (achieved blood pressure) is associated with the incidence of CVD, and the results of this study suggest that tight blood pressure control and salt restriction are important for preventing stroke.
Hydroxylated (OH-) and methoxylated (MeO-) polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) are suspected endocrine disruptors. Little is known about the accumulation or sources of these chemicals in tissues of humans, particularly those residing in Hong Kong, which is one of the most densely populated cities in the world. Seven MeO-BDEs, fifteen OH-BDEs and three bromophenols (BRPs) were analyzed in blood plasma of 116 humans that had been collected by the Hong Kong Red Cross. Total concentrations of MeO-BDEs, OH-BDEs and BRPs ranged from 3.810 to 5210 pg g lipid (median 4.510 pg g), 5.3 to 4.910 pg g lipid (81 pg g) and ND to 1.110 pg g lipid (3.7 pg g), respectively. 3-MeO-BDE-47, 6-OH-BDE-47 and 2, 4, 5-TBP were the predominant MeO-BDEs, OH-BDEs and BRPs, respectively. These results are consistent with accumulation of MeO-BDEs, OH-BDEs and BRPs in human plasma being primarily from natural products and inter-conversion of natural products. Coefficients of determination for some pairs of congeners such as 3-OH-BDE-100 and 6-OH-BDE-47, 6-OH-BDE-85 and 5'-OH-BDE-99, and 2, 4-DBP and 6-OH-BDE-85, were near 1.0, which is consistent with them having common sources. Patterns of relative concentrations of the target analytes were similar in the diet, particularly fish, as in blood plasma of humans, which suggests that the diet and particularly seafood might be a source of these compounds and PBDEs. Furthermore, biotransformation of natural chemicals such as OH-BDEs to BRPs might be the primary route of their elimination from humans.
BACKGROUND: The preventive effect of resveratrol (RES) on the development of human diseases has been verified by numerous epidemiological studies. Resveratrol triphosphate (RTP) is a stable derivative of RES in which phosphate groups protect the phenolic groups. AIMS: This study compared the effect of RTP on biochemical and molecular markers of oxidative stress to equimolar doses (0.66 mmol) of RES and catechin-rich grape seed extract (CGSE) in a model of oxidative and metabolic stress associated with obesity in humans. METHODS: Thirty-two obese subjects (BMI between 30 and 40) were enrolled. They all received 1 capsule of placebo/day for 28 days before being randomly devised into three arms receiving 1 capsule/day of RES, CGSE, or RTP during the following consecutive 28 days. Blood samples were collected at baseline, after the end of placebo intake, and after the end of the investigational product intake. Biochemical parameters of oxidative stress and blood expression of 200 redox-related genes were determined at each time point. RESULTS: RTP and CGSE showed better antioxidant activities compared to RES and induced important modulations of gene expression. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that RTP and CGSE could contribute to a significant reduction of oxidative stress in obese subjects. 
AIMS: Lifestyle behaviours established during adolescence may adversely affect blood pressure (BP) and contribute to gender differences in cardiovascular risk in adulthood. We aimed to assess the association of health behaviours with BP in adolescents, using data from the Western Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Study. METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis on 1248 Raine Study adolescents aged 17 years, to examine associations between lifestyle factors and BP. RESULTS: Boys had 8.97mmHg higher systolic BP, as compared with girls. The 30% of girls using oral contraceptives (OC) had 3.27 and 1.74mmHg higher systolic and diastolic BP, respectively, compared with non-users. Alcohol consumption in boys, increasing body mass index (BMI) and the sodium-potassium ratio were associated with systolic BP. We found a continuous relationship between BMI and systolic BP in both genders; however, the gradient of this relationship was significantly steeper in boys, compared with girls not taking OC. In boys, systolic BP was 5.7mmHg greater in alcohol consumers who were in the upper quartile of BMI and the urinary sodium-potassium ratio compared with teetotallers in the lowest quartile. In girls, systolic BP was 5.5mmHg higher in those taking OC, in the highest BMI and urinary sodium-potassium ratio quartile as compared to those not taking the OC pill and in the lowest quartile. CONCLUSION: In addition to gender-related differences in the effects of adiposity on BP, we found lifestyle-related health behaviours such as high salt intake for both sexes, consumption of alcohol in boys, and OC use in girls were important factors associated with BP measurements in late adolescence. This suggests that gender-specific behavioural modification in adolescence may prevent adult hypertension. 
BACKGROUND: It has been postulated that the Gosling pulsatility index (PI) assessed with transcranial Doppler (TCD) has a diagnostic value for noninvasive estimation of intracranial pressure (ICP) and cerebral perfusion pressure (CPP). OBJECTIVE: To revisit this hypothesis with the use of a database of digitally stored signals from a cohort of head-injured patients. METHODS: We analyzed prospectively collected data of patients admitted to the Cambridge Neuroscience critical care unit who had continuous recordings of arterial blood pressure, ICP, and cerebral blood flow velocities (FVs) using TCD. PI was calculated (FVsys-FVdia)/FVmean over each recording session. Statistical analysis was performed using Spearman rank correlation, receiver-operator-characteristics methods, and modeling of a nonlinear PI-ICP/CPP graph. RESULTS: Seven hundred sixty-two recorded daily sessions from 290 patients were analyzed with a total recording time of 499.9 hours. The correlation between PI and ICP was 0.31 (P<.001) and for PI and CPP -0.41 (P<.001). The 95% prediction interval of ICP values for a given PI was more than 15 mm Hg and for CPP more than 25 mm Hg. The diagnostic value of PI to assess ICP area under the curve ranged from 0.62 (ICP>15 mm Hg) to 0.74 (ICP>35 mm Hg). For CPP, the area under the curve ranged from 0.68 (CPP<70 mm Hg) to 0.81 (CPP<50 mm Hg). Probability charts for elevated ICP/lowered CPP depending on PI were created. CONCLUSION: Overall, the value of TCD-PI to assess ICP and CPP noninvasively is very limited. However, extreme values of PI can still potentially be used in support of a decision for invasive ICP monitoring. 
BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown that women have higher urinary concentrations of several phthalate metabolites than do men, possibly because of a higher use of personal care products. Few studies have evaluated the association between phthalate metabolites, diabetes, and diabetes-related risk factors among women. OBJECTIVE: We explored the association between urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and diabetes among women who participated in a cross-sectional study. METHODS: We used urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, analyzed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and self-reported diabetes of 2,350 women between 20 and 79 years of age who participated in the NHANES (2001-2008). We used multiple logistic regression to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and adjusted for urinary creatinine, sociodemographic characteristics, dietary factors, and body size. A secondary analysis was conducted for women who did not have diabetes to evaluate the association between phthalate metabolite concentrations and fasting blood glucose (FBG), homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance, and glycosylated hemoglobin A1c. RESULTS: After adjusting for potential confounders, women with higher levels of mono-n-butyl phthalate (MnBP), mono-isobutyl phthalate (MiBP), monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP), mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate (MCPP), and three di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites (DEHP) had an increased odds of diabetes compared with women with the lowest levels of these phthalates. Women in the highest quartile for MBzP and MiBP had almost twice the odds of diabetes [OR = 1.96 (95% CI: 1.11, 3.47) and OR = 1.95 (95% CI: 0.99, 3.85), respectively] compared with women in the lowest quartile. Nonmonotonic, positive associations were found for MnBP and DEHP, whereas MCPP appeared to have a threshold effect. Certain phthalate metabolites were positively associated with FBG and insulin resistance. DISCUSSION: Urinary levels of several phthalates were associated with prevalent diabetes. Future prospective studies are needed to further explore these associations to determine whether phthalate exposure can alter glucose metabolism and increase the risk of insulin resistance and diabetes. 
OBJECTIVES: Obesity and hypertension are increasing in Papua New Guinea. This study investigated the association of dietary pattern and physical activity level with anthropometric measurements and blood pressure in migrant Bougainvilleans in the capital city of Port Moresby. METHODS: Adults who had moved from Naasioi territory on Bougainville Island and resided in Port Moresby during the study period were studied (n = 70). The International Physical Activity Questionnaire was used to evaluate physical activity, and dietary pattern was assessed by per week consumption frequency of food items. RESULTS: The least square regression analysis revealed that interindividual variation in body mass index and waist circumference was explained by variations in physical activity but not by dietary pattern. Blood pressure was not associated with physical activity level or dietary pattern. CONCLUSION: The individual variation in anthropometric measurements in urban Papua New Guinea is mainly influenced by physical activity level. 
BACKGROUND: This study evaluated whether there is an association between maternal occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and neural tube defects (NTDs) in offspring. This is the first such study of which the authors are aware. METHODS: Data were analyzed from 1997 to 2002 deliveries in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, a large population-based case-control study in the United States. Maternal interviews yielded information on jobs held in the month before through 3 months after conception. Three industrial hygienists blinded to case or control status assessed occupational exposure to PAHs. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated using unconditional logistic regression. RESULTS: Of the 520 mothers of children with NTDs, 5.0% were classified as exposed to occupational PAHs, as were 3.5% of the 2989 mothers of controls. The crude OR for PAH exposure was 1.43 (95% CI, 0.92-2.22) for any NTD and 1.71 (95% CI, 1.03-2.83) for spina bifida. Adjusted ORs were smaller in magnitude and not significant. Among women who were normal weight or underweight, the crude OR for spina bifida was 3.13 (95% CI, 1.63-6.03) and adjusted OR was 2.59 (95% CI, 1.32-5.07). Based on estimated cumulative exposure, a statistically significant dose-response trend was observed for spina bifida; however, it was attenuated and no longer significant after adjustment. CONCLUSION: Maternal occupational exposure to PAHs may be associated with increased risk of spina bifida in offspring among women who are normal weight or underweight. Other comparisons between PAHs and NTDs were consistent with no association. 
OBJECTIVE: The main goal of this pilot study was to assess the technical and logistic feasibility of a future study. The research hypothesis is that occupational exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are associated with increased risk of DNA damage among roofers who work with hot asphalt. DESIGN: This is a cross-sectional pilot study. SETTING: The study included roofers from four different construction sites in Miami-Dade County, Florida. PARTICIPANTS: 19 roofers were recruited (six Hispanics and 13 African-Americans, all male), all of whom were eligible (no history of cancer and no history of chronic diseases of kidneys or liver). All participants provided pre-shift samples and 18 provided post-shift samples. Samples of one participant were excluded from the final analyses as they were considered unreliable. RESULTS: Levels of urinary PAH metabolites increased during 6 h of work. Linear regression models of post-shift metabolites included their pre-shift levels, post-shift urinary creatinine levels (for models of 1-OHPyr and 9-OHPhe), and skin burn due to contact with hot asphalt (for models of 1-OHPyr and 1-OHNap). Pre-shift levels of urinary 8-OHdG were not associated with any of the variables considered. For post-shift levels of 8-OHdG, however, post-shift 1-OHPyr (95% CI 0.091 to 0.788) and use of protective gloves (95% CI -1.57 to -0.61) during work explained 86.8% of its variation. Overall, highest levels of urinary PAH metabolites and of 8-OHdG were observed among workers who reported having skin burn and who did not use gloves during work. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary 1-OHPyr is a promising predictor of oxidative DNA damage among roofers. Work-related skin burn and use of protective gloves appear to influence PAH exposure and DNA damage levels in this group, suggesting the importance of dermal absorption. 
BACKGROUND: Measurement of serum hepcidin levels may provide a useful alternative to the current methods of determining iron status in chronic haemodialysis (HD) patients. However, the biological variability of this pivotal regulator of iron homeostasis is unclear, and the impact of inflammation, dialysis clearance and iron therapy on hepcidin variability has not been established. METHODS: Two independent studies in chronic HD patients were conducted; serum hepcidin levels were measured at the start of dialysis sessions in 20 UK patients and in 43 Dutch patients by mass spectrometry (MS). Samples from UK patients were also analysed by a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (cELISA). Coefficient of variance (CV(1)) was calculated and potential factors affecting CV(1) were also examined. RESULTS: The median CV(1) (inter-quartile range) was 23% (17-28) for the UK MS, 26% (17-48) for the Dutch MS and 23% (17-39) for the UK cELISA. The CV(1) was similar in those patients receiving and those not receiving regular intravenous iron. The CV(1) was not associated with the degree of inflammation. Hepcidin levels were higher following an inter-dialytic period of 3 versus 2 days (P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest considerable variability of serum hepcidin levels in HD patients. Inflammation and the use of iron did not impact on the degree of variability, and hepcidin levels were higher after an inter-dialytic period of 3 versus 2 days. These findings need to be taken into account in future studies assessing the utility of serum hepcidin as a guide to the use of iron or erythropoiesis-stimulating agents therapy. 
Arsenic is a toxic metal with harmful effects on human health, particularly on cognitive function. Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASDs) are lifelong neurodevelopmental and behavioral disorders manifesting in infancy or early childhood. We used data from 130 children between 2 and 8 years (65 pairs of ASD cases with age- and sex-matched control), to compare the mean total blood arsenic concentrations in children with and without ASDs in Kingston, Jamaica. Based on univariable analysis, we observed a significant difference between ASD cases and controls (4.03 g/L for cases vs. 4.48 g/L for controls, P<0.01). In the final multivariable General Linear Model (GLM), after controlling for car ownership, maternal age, parental education levels, source of drinking water, consumption of "yam, sweet potato, or dasheen", "carrot or pumpkin", "callaloo, broccoli, or pak choi", cabbage, avocado, and the frequency of seafood consumption per week, we did not find a significant association between blood arsenic concentrations and ASD status (4.36 g/L for cases vs. 4.65 g/L for controls, P=0.23). Likewise, in a separate final multivariable GLM, we found that source of drinking water, eating avocado, and eating "callaloo, broccoli, or pak choi" was significantly associated with higher blood arsenic concentrations (all three P<0.05). Based on our findings, we recommend assessment of arsenic levels in water, fruits, and vegetables, as well as increased awareness among the Jamaican population regarding potential risks for various exposures to arsenic.
Oral consumption of freeze-dried black raspberries attenuated neoplastic changes in colorectal tissue markers of apoptosis, cell proliferation, and angiogenesis in colorectal cancer (CRC) patients. To determine whether plasma concentrations of interleukin (IL)-1, IL-2, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p70, granulocyte macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interferon-, and tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-) were associated with berry treatment and changes in colorectal tissue markers of apoptosis, cell proliferation, and angiogenesis, plasma and biopsy samples of adenocarcinoma and adjacent normal-appearing colorectal tissue were collected before and during berry treatment from 24 CRC patients who had not received prior therapy and drank a slurry of black raspberry powder (20 g in 100 ml drinking water) 3 times a day for 1 to 9 wk. Plasma concentrations of GM-CSF (+0.12  0.04 pg/mL; P = 0.01) and IL-8 (-1.61  0.71 pg/mL; P = 0.04) changed in patients receiving berries for more than 10 days. These changes were correlated with beneficial changes in markers of proliferation (r(GM-CSF, Ki67 carcinoma - normal) = -0.51) and apoptosis (r(IL-8, TUNEL carcinoma - normal) = -0.52) observed in colorectal tissue taken within the same week. Plasma concentrations of GM-CSF and IL-8 may serve as noninvasive indicators to monitor tissue response to berry-based interventions for CRC.
BACKGROUND: Rubidium-82 ((82)Rb) PET imaging has been proposed for routine myocardial blood flow (MBF) quantification. However, few studies have investigated the test-retest repeatability of this method. The aim of this study was to optimize same-day repeatability of rest MBF imaging with a highly automated analysis program (FlowQuant) using image-derived input functions and dual spillover corrections (SOC). METHODS: Test-retest repeatability of resting left-ventricle (LV) MBF was measured in patients (n = 27) with suspected coronary artery disease (CAD) and healthy volunteers (n = 9). The effects of scan-time, reconstruction, and quantification methods were assessed with correlation and Bland-Altman repeatability coefficients. RESULTS: Factors affecting rest MBF included gender, suspected CAD, and SOC (P < .001). Significant test-retest correlations were found using all analysis methods tested (r > 0.79). The best repeatability coefficient for same-day MBF was 0.20 mL/minute/g using a 6-minute scan-time, iterative reconstruction, SOC, resting rate-pressure-product (RPP) adjustment, and left atrium input function. This protocol was significantly less variable than standard protocols using filtered back-projection reconstruction, longer scan-time, no SOC, or LV input function. CONCLUSION: Absolute MBF can be measured with good repeatability using FlowQuant analysis of (82)Rb PET scans with a 6-minute scan time, iterative reconstruction, dual SOC, RPP-adjustment, and an image-derived input function in the left atrium cavity. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the psychometric properties of a short, new, self-administered questionnaire (17-19 items) for evaluating the adherence behavior of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes and their caregivers. This instrument has separate versions depending on the means of insulin administration, i.e., continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (Adherence in Diabetes Questionnaire [ADQ]-I), or conventional insulin injection (ADQ-C). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,028 caregivers and 766 children and adolescents 2-17 years of age were recruited through the Danish Registry of Childhood Diabetes and completed the national web survey, including the ADQ and psychosocial measures of self-efficacy, parental support, family conflict, and aspects of diabetes-related quality of life. Blood samples were obtained for central HbA(1c) analysis. The psychometric properties of the ADQ were evaluated, and the association with glycemic control was assessed. RESULTS: There was good internal consistency for both the youth and caregiver reports and strong agreement between the caregiver and youth reports. Higher ADQ scores, indicating better adherence, were associated with better self-efficacy, more parental support, less diabetes-related conflict, and less experience with treatment barriers. Factor analysis supported maintaining the one-factor structure of the ADQ. Higher ADQ scores were associated with lower HbA(1c) levels. CONCLUSIONS: The ADQ showed good psychometric properties. Although the test-retest reliability and sensitivity to change of the instrument still need to be established, the ADQ appears to be a valuable tool for assessing adherence in families with children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in both clinical and research settings. 
Although inhalation of atmospheric polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) is the most universal exposure route and has become a substantial concern in urban areas, research is lacking to determine the body burden of inhaled PCBs and consequent health effects. To reflect the Chicago airshed environment and mimic the PCB profile in Chicago air, we generated vapors from a Chicago air mixture (CAM). Sprague-Dawley rats were exposed to the CAM vapor for 1.6 h/day via nose-only inhalation for 4 weeks, 520  10 g/m(3). Congener-specific quantification in tissue and air samples was performed by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (GC/MS/MS). In contrast to the lower-chlorinated congener-enriched vapor, body tissues mainly contained tri- to hexachlorobiphenyls. Congener profiles varied between vapor and tissues and among different organs. The toxic equivalence (TEQ) and neurotoxic equivalence (NEQ) were also investigated for tissue distribution. We evaluated a variety of end points to catalogue the effects of long-term inhalation exposure, including immune responses, enzyme induction, cellular toxicity, and histopathologic abnormalities. Glutathione oxidized/reduced ratio (GSSG/GSH) was increased in the blood of exposed animals, accompanied by elevation of hematocrit. This study demonstrated that inhalation contributed to the body burden of mostly tri- to hexachlorobiphenyls and produced a distinct profile of congeners in tissue, yet minimal toxicity was found at this exposure dose, estimated at 134 g/rat.
BACKGROUND: A low-grade process of coagulation activation in association with severe neurological decompression sickness (DCS) in divers has been anecdotally observed. We aimed to investigate whether measurement of plasma D-dimers and other hemostatic parameters in injured scuba divers were effective as prognostic biomarkers of neurological DCS, and we compared the diagnostic accuracy of a combination of D-dimers test and initial clinical assessment with either one alone. METHODS: Eligible for the study were 84 recreational divers (69 men, 46 +/- 10 yr; 15 women, 44 +/- 8 yr) referred for neurological DCS in 2007-2011 and treated with hyperbaric oxygen. Blood tests were collected for D-dimers, fibrinogen, and platelet count with a time interval less than 8 h upon admission. Presentation severity was rated numerically for the acute event with a validated scoring system and clinical outcome was assessed by a follow-up examination at 3 mo. Indices of accuracy for D-dimers test, initial clinical score, and combination were estimated. RESULTS: Incomplete recovery was reported in 26% of patients with a definite relationship between elevated D-dimers and presence of sequelae after multivariate analysis. We did not find differences for other blood coagulation variables between outcome groups. Combination of positive D-dimers (cut-off value of 0.40 microg x ml(-1)) with severe initial presentation attained a higher diagnostic accuracy than either method alone (post-test probabilities = 100%, 86%, and 57%, respectively). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that determination of plasma D-dimers, a marker of activation coagulation, improve the prognostication of neurological DCS affecting scuba divers when combined with presenting severity score. 
Arsenic is measurable in tobacco and cigarette mainstream smoke (MSS). Whether arsenic has an independent role in diseases associated with tobacco consumption is not known. Epidemiology and biomonitoring data and probabilistic risk assessment (PRA) methods were used to investigate this potential association. Analysis of data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) showed that urine arsenic concentrations in tobacco consumers were not different or were lower than levels in non-consumers of tobacco. Additionally, urine arsenic levels from NHANES tobacco consumers were five-times or more lower than levels reported in epidemiology studies to be associated with adverse health effects. Results of PRA indicated that mean non-cancer hazard estimates and mean incremental lifetime cancer risk estimates were within accepted ranges. Taken together, these results suggest that arsenic may not be independently associated with tobacco consumption or diseases related to tobacco consumption.
Phthalates and bisphenol A are environmental endocrine-disrupting chemicals used widely in common consumer products. There is increasing concern about human exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A due to the potential adverse effects related to the anti-androgenic activity of phthalates and estrogenic activity of bisphenol A. In assessing environmental exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A, it is essential to have a validated analytical method that can quantify trace concentrations of phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A in humans. In this study, we developed and validated an accurate, sensitive, and robust LC-MS/MS method to simultaneously quantify 5 phthalate monoester metabolites, including mono-methyl phthalate, mono-ethyl phthalate, mono-butyl phthalate, mono-benzyl phthalate, mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate, and bisphenol A in human urine. In this method, the phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A, along with their isotope labeled internal standards, were extracted from 200 l of human urine using automated off-line solid phase extraction. The analytes were quantitatively determined using LC-MS/MS operated in negative electrospray ionization multiple reaction-monitoring mode. The limit of quantification was 0.3 ng/ml for mono-methyl phthalate, mono-ethyl phthalate, mono-benzyl phthalate and bisphenol A, and 1 ng/ml for mono-butyl phthalate and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate. The precision and accuracy were well within the acceptable 15% range. This validated method has been used successfully in assessing exposure to phthalates and bisphenol A in humans.
BACKGROUND: Low-grade inflammation is linked to metabolic syndrome and obesity. We studied the effects of weight loss and dietary composition on serum concentrations of biomarkers of inflammation and adipokines. METHODS: Men and women (n=181) aged 30-65 years with a body mass index (BMI) of 28-40 kg/m(2) (28-35 kg/m(2) for women) and one or more components of metabolic syndrome were randomized to follow one of two hypocaloric diets, a low-fat or low-glycemic-load diet for 3 months. Blood samples were taken pre- and postintervention. Serum concentrations of interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor (TNF-), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), and adipokines (leptin, resistin, and adiponectin) were analyzed using multiplexed microsphere immunoassays. RESULTS: Weight loss was not different in the low-fat (4.4%3.8%) and low-glycemic-load (4.9%3.2%) groups. Concentrations of IL-6, TNF-, PAI-1, and leptin were significantly reduced in both dietary groups with no between-group differences, whereas MCP-1 and adiponectin concentrations did not change. Subjects with full metabolic syndrome (three or more components; n=109) experienced greater weight loss than subjects (n=72) with one to two components and greater reduction in leptin [7.08 (95% confidence interval 5.19, 8.97) vs. 3.46 (0.91, 6.00) ng/mL; p=0.02] and a tendency to greater reduction in TNF- (1.00 [0.60, 1.44] vs 0.40 [0.02, 0.78] pg/mL; p=0.05). CONCLUSION: Hypocaloric diets improved inflammatory biomarkers and adipokines independently of dietary composition. The response tended to be greater in subjects with three or more components of metabolic syndrome than their counterparts with one to two components. 
The majority of evidence suggests that n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, including linoleic acid (LA), reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease as reflected by current dietary recommendations. However, concern has been expressed that a high intake of dietary n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid contributes to excess chronic inflammation, primarily by prompting the synthesis of proinflammatory eicosanoids derived from arachidonic acid and/or inhibiting the synthesis of anti-inflammatory eicosanoids from eicosapentaenoic and/or docosahexaenoic acids. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials that permitted the assessment of dietary LA on biologic markers of chronic inflammation among healthy noninfant populations was conducted to examine this concern. A search of the English- and non-English-language literature using MEDLINE, the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, and EMBASE was conducted to identify relevant articles. Fifteen studies (eight parallel and seven crossover) met inclusion criteria. None of the studies reported significant findings for a wide variety of inflammatory markers, including C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1, cytokines, soluble vascular adhesion molecules, or tumor necrosis factor-. The only significant outcome measures reported for higher LA intakes were greater excretion of prostaglandin E2 and lower excretion of 2,3-dinor-thromboxane B(2) in one study and higher excretion of tetranorprostanedioic acid in another. However, the authors of those studies both observed that these effects were not an indication of increased inflammation. We conclude that virtually no evidence is available from randomized, controlled intervention studies among healthy, noninfant human beings to show that addition of LA to the diet increases the concentration of inflammatory markers.
Normative values and confidence intervals for the hydration indices of women do not exist. Also, few publications have precisely described the fluid types and volumes that women consume. This investigation computed seven numerical reference categories for widely used hydration biomarkers (eg, serum and urine osmolality) and the dietary fluid preferences of self-reported healthy, active women. Participants (n=32; age 201 years; body mass 59.68.5 kg; body mass index [calculated as kg/m(2)] 21.12.4) were counseled in the methods to record daily food and fluid intake on 2 consecutive days. To reduce day-to-day body water fluctuations, participants were tested only during the placebo phase of the oral contraceptive pill pack. Euhydration was represented by the following ranges: serum osmolality=293 to 294 mOsm/kg; mean 24-hour total fluid intake=2,109 to 2,506 mL/24 hours; mean 24-hour total beverage intake=1,300 to 1,831 mL/24 hours; urine volume=951 to 1,239 mL/24 hours; urine specific gravity=1.016 to 1.020; urine osmolality=549 to 705 mOsm/kg; and urine color=5. However, only 3% of women experienced a urine specific gravity <1.005, and only 6% exhibited a urine color of 1 or 2. Water (representing 45.3% and 47.9% of 24-hour total fluid intake), tea, milk, coffee, and fruit juice were consumed in largest volumes. In conclusion, these data provide objective normative values for hyperhydration, euhydration, and dehydration that can be used by registered dietitians and clinicians to counsel women about their hydration status.
BACKGROUND: Although a high intake of some flavonoid subclasses may reduce cardiovascular disease mortality, data regarding the in vivo mechanisms of action are limited. OBJECTIVE: We examined associations between habitual flavonoid intakes and direct measures of arterial stiffness, central blood pressure, and atherosclerosis. DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study of 1898 women aged 18-75 y from the TwinsUK registry, intakes of total flavonoids and their subclasses (flavanones, anthocyanins, flavan-3-ols, polymers, flavonols, and flavones) were calculated from validated food-frequency questionnaires by using an updated and extended USDA database. Direct measures of arterial stiffness and atherosclerosis included central systolic blood pressure (cSBP), central diastolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure (MAP), augmentation index, pulse wave velocity (PWV), and intima-media thickness. RESULTS: In multivariate analyses, a higher anthocyanin intake was associated with significantly lower cSBP (mean  SE: -3.0  1.4 mm Hg for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1; P-trend = 0.02), MAP (-2.3  1.2 mm Hg for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1; P-trend = 0.04), and PWV (-0.4  0.2 m/s for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1; P-trend = 0.04), whereas a higher flavone intake was associated with a lower PWV (-0.4  0.2 m/s for quintile 5 compared with quintile 1; P-trend = 0.04). Although a higher wine and berry intake was associated with a lower PWV, no associations were observed for total and other flavonoid subclasses. CONCLUSIONS: These data, which include direct measures of arterial stiffness and thickness, suggest that higher intake of anthocyanins and flavones are inversely associated with lower arterial stiffness. The intakes of anthocyanins associated with these findings could be incorporated into the diet by the consumption of 1-2 portions of berries daily and are, therefore, relevant for public health strategies to reduce cardiovascular disease risk. 
In this study, selected biomarkers-The retention time (RT) performed on haemocytes, the Erythrocyte Osmotic Fragility (EOF) and the Glutathione-S Transferase (GST) activity in the liver- were measured in mudskipper (i.e., Boleophthalmus dussumieri) obtained from the Persian Gulf. Chemical analyses included the assessment of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the sediment and mudskipper liver. Total PAH concentrations in the sediment and the liver tissues ranged between 113.50-3384.34 ng g(-1) dw and 3.99-46.64 ng g(-1) dw, respectively. Spatial evaluation indicated that RT had a significant difference (p<0.05) among sampling sites except Arvand and Zangi. The mean erythrocyte fragility was significantly differ between various locations (p<0.05). GST activity in the liver of mudskippers showed significant differences (p<0.05) among Jafari, Bahrakan, and with other sites. No significant difference (p>0.05) was observed between Arvand, Zangi and Samayeli. Additionally, significant correlations were found between total PAHs levels and selected biomarkers (p<0.01). The biomarkers measured in this study were useful as a first investigation into the biological effects of PAHs pollution as well as in determining the bioavailability of pollution.
OBJECTIVE: As atherosclerosis is increased in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) we compared dietary habits in patients with SLE with controls, and in the patients studied associations of diet components, especially fatty acids (FAs), with disease activity, serum lipids and carotid plaque presence. METHODS: In all 114 patients with SLE and 122 age- and sex-matched population-based controls answered a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Subcutaneous abdominal fat cell aspiration was analysed as to FA content and plaque occurrence was determined by B-mode ultrasound. RESULTS: The total diet energy intake did not differ between patients and controls. However, the patients with SLE reported a higher intake of carbohydrate, lower fibre intake and lower intake of omega-3 and omega-6, than controls (p < 0.05). In the patients, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in adipose tissue (AT) correlated negatively with disease activity (SLEDAI), r = -0.36, p = < 0.001 and r = -0.33, p =< 0.001, respectively. AT omega-3 was further positively associated with serum apoA1, r = 0.29, p = 0.004, whereas AT omega-6 showed a negative association, r = -0.21, p = 0.040. These FAs also had opposite associations with plaque presence, EPA and were DHA negative, r =-0.32, p = 0.002 and r =-0.33, p = 0.001, respectively, and omega-6 positive, r = 0.22, p = 0.027. The carbohydrate intake was positively correlated to AT omega-6, r = 0.38, p < 0.001, and negatively with serum apoA1, r =-0.27, p = 0.005. CONCLUSION: The macronutrient dietary pattern is different in SLE as compared with controls. The low intake of omega-3 and high intake of carbohydrate among patients with SLE appear to be associated with worse disease activity, adverse serum lipids and plaque presence. 
BACKGROUND: Studies have shown associations of diabetes and endogenous hormones with exposure to a wide variety of organochlorines. We have previously reported positive associations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and inverse associations of selected steroid hormones with diabetes in postmenopausal women previously employed in a capacitor manufacturing plant. METHODS: This paper examines associations of PCBs with diabetes and endogenous hormones in 63 men previously employed at the same plant who in 1996 underwent surveys of their exposure and medical history and collection of bloods and urine for measurements of PCBs, lipids, liver function, hematologic markers and endogenous hormones. RESULTS: PCB exposure was positively associated with diabetes and age and inversely associated with thyroid stimulating hormone and triiodothyronine-uptake. History of diabetes was significantly related to total PCBs and all PCB functional groupings, but not to quarters worked and job score, after control for potential confounders. None of the exposures were related to insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in non-diabetic men. CONCLUSIONS: Associations of PCBs with specific endogenous hormones differ in some respects from previous findings in postmenopausal women employed at the capacitor plant. Results from this study, however, do confirm previous reports relating PCB exposure to diabetes and suggest that these associations are not mediated by measured endogenous hormones. 
Little is known about the impact of habitual fluid intake on physiology. Specifically, biomarkers of hydration status and body water regulation have not been adequately explored in adults who consume different fluid volumes in everyday conditions, without prolonged exercise or environmental exposure. The purpose of the present study was to compare adults with habitually different fluid intakes with respect to biomarkers implicated in the assessment of hydration status, the regulation of total body water and the risk of kidney pathologies. In the present cross-sectional study, seventy-one adults (thirty-two men, thirty-nine women, age 2540 years) were classified according to daily fluid intake: thirty-nine low drinkers (LD;  12 litres/d) and thirty-two high drinkers (HD; 24 litres/d). During four consecutive days, urinary parameters (first morning urine (FMU) on day 1 and subsequent 24 h urine (24hU) collections), blood parameters, and food and beverage intake were assessed. ANOVA and non-parametric comparisons revealed significant differences between the LD and HD groups in 24hU volume (10 (se 01) v. 24 (se 01) litres), specific gravity (median 1023 v. 1010), osmolality (767 (se 27) v. 371 (se 33) mOsm/kg) and colour (31 (se 02) v. 18 (se 02)). Similarly, in the FMU, the LD group produced a smaller amount of more concentrated urine. Plasma cortisol, creatinine and arginine vasopressin concentrations were significantly higher among the LD. Plasma osmolality was similar between the groups, suggesting physiological adaptations to preserve plasma osmolality despite low fluid intake. The long-term impact of adaptations to preserve plasma osmolality must be examined, particularly in the context of renal health.
We sought to determine whether consumption of blueberries could reduce postprandial oxidation when consumed with a typical high-carbohydrate, low-fat breakfast. Participants (n 14) received each of the three treatments over 3 weeks in a cross-over design. Treatments consisted of a high blueberry dose (75 g), a low blueberry dose (35 g) and a control (ascorbic acid and sugar content matching that of the high blueberry dose). Serum oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), serum lipoprotein oxidation (LO) and serum ascorbate, urate and glucose were measured at fasting, and at 1, 2 and 3 h after sample consumption. The mean serum ORAC was significantly higher in the 75 g group than in the control group during the first 2 h postprandially, while serum LO lag time showed a significant trend over the 3 h for both blueberry doses. Changes in serum ascorbate, urate and glucose were not significantly different among the groups. To our knowledge, this is the first report that has demonstrated that increased serum antioxidant capacity is not attributable to the fructose or ascorbate content of blueberries. In summary, a practically consumable quantity of blueberries (75 g) can provide statistically significant oxidative protection in vivo after a high-carbohydrate, low-fat breakfast. Though not tested directly, it is likely that the effects are due to phenolic compounds, either directly or indirectly, as they are a major family of compounds in blueberries with potential bioactive activity.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes with a stronger effect in women. As the underlying mechanisms remain poorly characterised, we investigated its relationship with insulin resistance, insulin secretion, clearance of insulin and glucagon concentration. METHODS: One-thousand two-hundred and seventy-six non-diabetic individuals from the RISC (relationship between insulin sensitivity and cardiovascular disease) study without high alcohol consumption were studied; all had a euglycaemic-hyperinsulinaemic clamp and an OGTT with assessment of insulin sensitivity, secretion and clearance. RESULTS: Alcohol consumption was positively associated with insulin sensitivity in women (=0.15, p                   (                     trend                   )=0.005) and in men (=0.07, p                   (                     trend                   )=0.07) after controlling for age, centre, waist, smoking and physical activity. In women, this association persisted after adjustment for adiponectin but was attenuated after controlling for HDL-cholesterol, suggesting that part of the protection is related to a higher HDL-cholesterol concentration. Higher alcohol consumption was associated with lower basal insulin secretion in women only (=-0.10, p                   (                     trend                   )=0.004) and this association persisted after adjustment for insulin sensitivity. In men, increasing alcohol consumption was associated with enhanced insulin clearance and increased fasting NEFA concentrations, independently of insulin sensitivity. Fasting glucagon decreased with increasing alcohol in women only (abstainers 9.24.4; <28g/week 8.64.0; 28-64g/week 8.13.7; >64g/week 7.53.1pmol/l; p                   (                     trend                   )=0.01). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Light-to-moderate alcohol consumption was associated in healthy women with enhanced insulin sensitivity, reduced basal insulin secretion rate and lower fasting plasma glucagon concentration, providing consistent mechanisms for the reduced risk of diabetes. 
Our objective was to evaluate the effects of a moderate calorie and carbohydrate-restricted diet on cardiovascular risk indicators in overweight or obese patients with prediabetes. A clinical trial was conducted in which 86 subjects presenting with overweight or obesity and prediabetes received a personalized diet of 1,200 to 1,700 calories with a distribution of 50 % carbohydrates, 20 % proteins, and 30 % fat. Body weight, fat mass, and lean mass were measured through bioimpedance. Glucose, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol and low density cholesterol, and triglycerides were measured. The measurements were taken at the beginning of, and at, 6 and 12 months during the intervention, and the differences were compared by paired Student's t and (2) tests. At 12 months, a significant reduction was noticed in body weight in patients with overweight and obesity (72.4  7.8-69.6  7.5 kg) (85.7  14.8-80.2  12.7 kg) with body mass index (28.2  0.8-27.2  2.1 kg/m(2)) (34.3  3.5-32.1  3.2 kg/m(2)), systolic (120.9  14.2-112.4  11.5 mmHg) (124.1  11.9-115.7  14.0 mmHg), diastolic blood pressures (79.0  9.3-71.8  8.3 mmHg) (80.4  9.0-73.7  13.1 mmHg), glucose (106.0  8.9-95.9  7.5 mg/dL) (107.3  7.0-97.0  8.2 mg/dL), and significant improvement on lipid profile (p < 0.05). The restrictions in the calorie and carbohydrate diet decrease the cardiovascular risk indicators in overweight or obese adults with prediabetes.
OBJECTIVE: We aimed to evaluate whether 4-week of dietary treatment with rice containing resistant starch reduces blood glucose and oxidative stress as well as improves endothelial function. METHODS: Patients with impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes (n = 90) were randomly assigned to either a group ingesting rice containing 6.51 g resistant starch daily or a control rice group for 4-weeks. We assessed fasting and postprandial levels of glucose and insulin, oxidative stress markers and endothelial function using reactive hyperemia peripheral arterial tonometry (RH-PAT). RESULTS: The diet containing rice with resistant starch reduced fasting insulin and insulin resistance, postprandial glucose (P = 0.010) and insulin levels at 30 min, and glucose and insulin areas under the response curve after the standard meal. Rice with resistant starch also decreased urinary 8-epi-PGF(2) and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) and increased the RH-PAT index (P < 0.001) and total nitric oxide (NO). Postprandial changes in glucose at 60 and 120 min and areas under the glucose response curve, MDA, RH-PAT, and total NO of the test group differed significantly from those in the control even after adjusting for baseline values. Overall, changes in the RH-PAT index correlated positively with changes in total NO (r = 0.336, P = 0.003) and superoxide dismutase activity (r = 0.381, P = 0.001) and negatively with changes in MDA (r = -0.358, P = 0.002) and 8-epi-PGF(2). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with IFG, IGT or newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes, 4-weeks of dietary treatment with rice containing resistant starch was associated with improved endothelial function with reduction of postprandial glucose and oxidative stress compared with control. 
The variability of trihalomethane (THM) levels in drinking water raises the question of whether or not short-term variations (within-day) should be accounted for when assessing exposure to contaminants suspected of being carcinogenic and reprotoxic agents. The purpose of this study was to determine the magnitude of the impact on predicted biological levels of THMs (internal doses) exerted by within-day variations of THMs in drinking water. A database extracted from a campaign in the Qubec City distribution system served to produce 81, 79 and 64 concentration profiles for the three most abundant THMs, namely chloroform (TCM), dichlorobromomethane (DCBM) and chlorodibromomethane (CDBM), respectively. Using a physiologically based toxicokinetic modeling approach, we simulated exposures (1.5l water per day and a 10-min shower) based on each of these profiles and predicted, for 2000 individuals (Monte-Carlo simulations), maximum blood concentrations (Cmax), areas under the time versus blood concentrations curve (24h-AUCcv) and total absorbed doses (ADs). Three different hypotheses were tested: [A] assuming a constant THM concentration in water (e.g., mean value of a day); [B] accounting for within-day variations in THM levels; and [C] a worst-case scenario assuming within-day variations and showering while THM levels were maximal. For each exposure profile, exposure indicator and individual, we calculated the ratios of values obtained according to each hypothesis (e.g., CmaxB/CmaxA and CmaxC/CmaxA) and the values corresponding to the 5th and 95th percentiles of these ratios. The closer these percentiles are to the value of 1, the smaller the error associated with assuming constant THM concentrations rather than their actual variability. Results showed that the minimal gap between these percentiles was TCM-AD(B)/TCM-AD(A) (5th=0.91; 95th=1.09), whereas the maximal gap was CDBM-Cmax(C)/CDBM-Cmax(A) (5th=0.50; 95th=3.40). Overall, TCM and ADs were the less affected (TCM<DCBM<CDBM and AD<AUCcv<Cmax) when accounting for within-day variations in water levels.
BACKGROUND: Within-subject biological variation and reference change value (RCV) are difficult to calculate for an analyte with a changing concentration. The aim of this study was to develop a model to examine if it was possible to transform an analyte with a time-dependent change in concentration into a 'steady-state' situation by the use of 'multiples of the median' (MoM) and its natural logarithm (lnMoM). In addition, we wanted to extend the RCV concept, using likelihood and odds ratios, to calculate the post-test probabilities for disease. D-dimer in pregnancy is used as an example. METHODS: Blood samples from 18 healthy pregnant and 18 healthy non-pregnant women were collected every fourth week. MoM of the D-dimer concentrations was calculated for each four-week interval to obtain a 'steady-state' situation for the D-dimer concentrations. The 'normalized' values were then transformed to the lnMoM to obtain a Gaussian distribution, used for the estimation of biological variation. RESULTS: Median D-dimer concentrations increased six-fold during pregnancy. Within-subject variation (SD) of lnMoM D-dimer was 0.27 during pregnancy and 0.23 in non-pregnant women, with RCVs of 0.72 and 0.90, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: By using the lnMoM model, an increasing concentration of an analyte can be transformed to a steady-state situation and the within-subject biological variation and its derived parameters can be calculated. 
Evidence that fructose intake may modify blood pressure is generally limited to adult populations. This study examined cross-sectional associations between dietary intake of fructose, serum uric acid and blood pressure in 814 adolescents aged 13-15 years participating in the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study. Energy-adjusted fructose intake was derived from 3-day food records, serum uric acid concentration was assessed using fasting blood and resting blood pressure was determined using repeated oscillometric readings. In multivariate linear regression models, we did not see a significant association between fructose and blood pressure in boys or girls. In boys, fructose intake was independently associated with serum uric acid (P<0.01), and serum uric acid was independently associated with systolic blood pressure (P<0.01) and mean arterial pressure (P<0.001). Although there are independent associations, there is no direct relationship between fructose intake and blood pressure. Our data suggest that gender may influence these relationships in adolescence, with significant associations observed more frequently in boys than girls.
BACKGROUND: This study's aim was to design and validate a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for assessment of fruits and vegetables (FV) consumption in adults of Isfahan by comparing the FFQ with dietary reference method and blood plasma levels of beta-carotene, vitamin C, and retinol. METHODS: This validation study was performed on 123 healthy adults of Isfahan. FV intake was assessed using a 110-item FFQ. Data collection was performed during two different time periods to control for seasonal effects, fall/winter (cold season) and spring/summer (warm season). In each phase a FFQ and 1 day recall, and 2 days of food records as the dietary reference method were completed and plasma vitamin C, beta-carotene and retinol were measured. Data was analyzed by Pearson or Spearman and intraclass correlations. RESULTS: Serum Lipids, sex, age, body mass index (BMI) and educational level adjusted Pearson correlation coefficient of FV with plasma vitamin C, beta-carotene and retinol were 0.55, 0.47 and 0.28 in the cold season (p < 0.05) and 0.52, 0.45 and 0.35 in the warm season (p < 0.001), respectively. Energy and fat intake, sex, age, BMI and educational level adjusted Pearson correlation coefficient for FV with dietary reference method in the cold and warm seasons were 0.62 and 0.60, respectively (p < 0.001). Intraclass correlation for reproducibility of FFQ in FV was 0.65 (p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The designed FFQ had a good criterion validity and reproducibility for assessment of FV intake. Thus, it can serve as a valid tool in epidemiological studies to assess fruit and vegetable intake. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: Globally, Spanish is the primary language for 329 million people; however, most urogynecologic questionnaires are available in English. We set out to develop valid Spanish translations of the Questionnaire for Urinary Incontinence Diagnosis (QUID), the Three Incontinence Questions (3IQ), and the short Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7). METHODS: The TRAPD method (translation, review, adjudication, pretesting, and documentation) was used for translation. Eight native Spanish-speaking translators developed Spanish versions collaboratively. These were pretested with cognitive interviews and revised until optimal. For validation, bilingual patients at seven clinics completed Spanish and English questionnaire versions in randomized order. Participants completed a second set of questionnaires later. The Spanish versions' internal consistency and reliability and Spanish-English agreement were measured using Cronbach's alpha, weighted kappa, and intraclass correlation coefficients. RESULTS: A total of 78 subjects were included; 94.9 % self-identified as Hispanic and 73.1 % spoke Spanish as their primary language. The proportion of per-item missing responses was similar in both languages (median 1.3 %). Internal consistency for Spanish PFDI-20 subscales was acceptable to good and for PFIQ-7 and QUID excellent. Test-retest reliability per item was moderate to near perfect for PFDI-20, substantial to near perfect for PFIQ-7 and 3IQ, and substantial for QUID. Spanish-English agreement for individual items was substantial to near perfect for all questionnaires (kappa range 0.64-0.95) and agreement for PFDI-20, PFIQ-7, and QUID subscales scores was high [intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) range 0.92-0.99]. CONCLUSIONS: We obtained valid Spanish translations of the PFDI-20, PFIQ-7, QUID, and 3IQ. These results support their use as clinical and research assessment tools in Spanish-speaking populations. 
SCOPE: The health consequences of lifelong low-level exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) via food are largely unknown, mainly due to the lack of large population-based prospective studies addressing this issue. We validated long-term food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)-based dietary PCB exposure against concentrations of six PCB congeners in serum. METHODS AND RESULTS: Dietary PCB exposure was estimated in the Swedish Mammography Cohort by constructing a recipe-based database of CB-153, an indicator for total PCBs in food. The Spearman rank correlation (adjusted for within-person variability) was assessed between concurrent (2004-2006), past (1997), and long-term (mean of 1997 and 2004-2006) FFQ-based dietary PCB exposure, respectively, and the following serum PCB congeners, CB-118, CB-138, CB-153, CB-156, CB-170, and CB-180, in women (56-85 years of age, n = 201). The correlation between FFQ-based dietary PCB exposure and serum CB-153 was 0.41 (p < 0.001) for the concurrent (median 1.6 ng/kg body weight) and 0.34 (p < 0.05) for the past (median 2.6 ng/kg body weight) exposure assessment. Long-term validity of FFQ-based PCB estimates and the six serum PCB congeners ranged from 0.30 to 0.58 (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: FFQ-based PCB exposure estimates show acceptable validity in relation to PCB concentrations in serum, justifying their use in large-scale epidemiological studies. 
Associations between individual foods or nutrients and oxidative markers have been reported. Comprehensive measures of food intake may be uniquely informative, given the complexity of oxidative systems and the possibility of antioxidant synergies. We quantified associations over a 20-year history between three food-based dietary patterns (summary measures of whole diet) and a plasma biomarker of lipid peroxidation, F2-isoprostanes, in a cohort of Americans ages 18-30 at year 0 (1985-1986). We assessed diet at years 0, 7, and 20 through a detailed history of past-month food consumption and supplement use and measured plasma F2-isoprostanes at years 15 and 20. We created three dietary patterns: (1) a priori ("a priori diet quality score") based on hypothesized healthfulness of foods, (2) an empirical pattern reflecting high fruit and vegetable intake ("fruit-veg"), and (3) an empirical pattern reflecting high meat intake ("meat"). We used linear regression to estimate associations between each dietary pattern and plasma F2-isoprostanes cross-sectionally (at year 20, n=2736) and prospectively (year 0/7 average diet and year 15/20 average F2-isoprostanes, n=2718), adjusting for age, sex, race, total energy intake, education, smoking, body mass index, waist circumference, physical activity, and supplement use. In multivariable-adjusted cross-sectional analysis, the a priori diet quality score and the fruit-veg diet pattern were negatively, and the meat pattern was positively, associated with F2-isoprostanes (all p values <0.001). These associations remained statistically significant in prospective analysis. Our findings suggest that long-term adherence to a diet rich in fruits and vegetables and low in red meat may decrease lipid peroxidation.
Cartilage-hair hypoplasia (CHH) is a rare recessive metaphyseal chondrodysplasia characterized by severe short stature, ectodermal dysplasia, anemia in childhood, immune deficiency, susceptibility to malignancy, and normal intelligence. Short, thick long bones, metaphyseal flaring and irregularities, and globular epiphyses at the knees and ankles are the typical radiographic findings. The diagnosis is primarily made on the basis of clinical features, although mutations in the RMRP gene have recently been described in affected individuals, facilitating confirmation of the clinical diagnosis in atypical patients. We present a patient with two RMRP mutations whose stature and ectodermal features supported the diagnosis of CHH, but whose radiographic findings and other extraskeletal findings did not. We propose that the most consistent and reliable features of CHH are short stature of prenatal onset and ectodermal dysplasia, and suggest that the diagnosis of CHH be considered and mutation analysis pursued even when typical radiographic findings are absent.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To assess the performance of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for estimating -3, -6 and trans fatty acid intake during pregnancy. Moreover, we determined whether the fatty acid composition of mature breast milk represents a valuable biomarker for fatty acid intake during pregnancy. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A prospective study in 41 pregnant women, aged 18-35 years, was conducted. Food intake during pregnancy was evaluated by three 24-h recalls (24 hR), and 2 FFQ. The fatty acid composition of mature breast milk was determined by gas chromatography. The method of triads and joint classification between quartiles of intake were applied. RESULTS: The FFQ was accurate for estimating docosahexanoic (DHA), linoleic and total -6 fatty acids according to validity coefficients. Higher agreements (>70%) into the same or adjacent quartiles between the dietary methods were found for -linolenic, total -3, linoleic and trans fatty acid intake. High validity coefficients for eicosapentanoic (EPA) and DHA acids of human milk were found (0.61 and 0.73, respectively), and the method was adequate for categorizing the intake of -linolenic, total -3 and trans fatty acids compared with FFQ estimates, and for arachidonic acid and trans fatty acids compared with food recall estimates, during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ was an accurate tool for categorizing -linolenic, total -3 and trans fatty acid intake. According to the validity coefficients observed, the FFQ accurately estimated DHA, linoleic and total -6 fatty acids and the composition of mature breast milk was shown to be a suitable biomarker for EPA and DHA fatty acid intake during pregnancy. 
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) are postulated to act as endocrine disrupters. In the ongoing Duisburg birth cohort study, started in 2000-2002, influence of persistent organic pollutants (POP) on child development was monitored. For the first time, associations were reported between prenatal and postnatal PCDD/F and PCB exposures and early endocrinological changes concerning adrenarchal development. PCDD/F and PCB concentrations were measured in blood samples taken in wk 32 of pregnancy and in breast milk using gas chromatography and high-resolution mass spectrometry (GC/HRMS). At the age of 6-7 and 8-9 yr, serum samples were collected from 111 children. The samples were assayed for the sex hormones testosterone, estradiol, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S), and 17-OH-progesterone (17-OHP) by using an automated chemiluminescence assay system. Analyses of repeated measurements of DHEA-S serum levels were performed by linear regression analysis using generalized estimating equations (GEE). Linear regression analysis showed a positive association between DHEA-S and breast milk levels of PCDD/F and PCB expressed as toxicity equivalents according to toxicity equivalent factors published by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 2005 (WHO(2005)-TEq) (increase of 29%, geometric mean ratio, GMR: 1.29, 95% CI 1.06-1. 58 per doubling of PCDD/F + PCB WHO(2005)-TEq levels). Results for the association with the WHO(2005)-TEq levels in blood of mothers were in the same direction (increase of 15%, GMR 1.15, 95% CI 0.93-1.42 per doubling of PCDD/F + PCB WHO(2005)-TEq levels), but not significant. Data indicate that PCDD/F and PCB exposure in infancy may influence DHEA-S serum levels in prepubertal children. Increased DHEA-S serum levels are considered to indicate acceleration of the adrenal maturation.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Hypervolemia is a major cause of morbidity, in part because of the lack of well characterized diagnostic tests. The hypothesis was that relative plasma volume (RPV) slopes are influenced by ultrafiltration rate, directly associate with improvement in arterial oxygen saturation, and are reproducible. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: RPV slopes were measured on three consecutive hemodialysis sessions. Various relationships were tested using mixed models. Reproducibility was assessed by the intraclass correlation coefficient. RESULTS: RPV slopes averaged 1.37  1.45% per hour. The mean RPV slopes were steeper on the first dialysis of the week, which correlated with a higher ultrafiltration rate; RPV slope and ultrafiltration rate were directly related. Increasing ultrafiltration rate quartiles were associated with similar change in RPV in the first 1 hour of dialysis but steeper changes in RPV subsequently. A direct relationship emerged between increasing RPV slopes and increasing arterial oxygen saturation slopes. The intraclass correlation coefficient for the relative plasma volume slope was 0.77. CONCLUSIONS: Although ultrafiltration rate is a major determinant of RPV slope, similar ultrafiltration rates are associated with varying RPV between individuals. Because RPV is associated with little change by ultrafiltration rate during the first 1 hour of dialysis, probing dry weight during the earlier part of dialysis may be safer. RPV slopes are physiologically meaningful, because they are associated with parallel changes in arterial oxygenation saturation slopes. RPV slopes are reproducible, and therefore, RPV may serve as a useful marker to judge changes in volume status within an individual. 
In order to assess mercury (Hg), selenium (Se) and arsenic (As) exposure in the Mediterranean area, total mercury (THg), monomethylmercury (MeHg), Se and As levels were measured in umbilical cord blood and breast milk from Italian (n=900), Slovenian (n=584), Croatian (n=234) and Greek (n=484) women. THg, MeHg, As, and Se levels were also determined in blood samples of the same mothers from Italy and Croatia. In addition, THg and MeHg were determined in the same women's hair from all the countries involved in this study and As and Se levels were determined in the mother's urine samples from Italy, Croatia and Greece. Besides recording the consumption of other food items, the frequencies of fish consumption were assessed by detailed food frequency questionnaires, since fish represents an important source of Hg, Se and As in humans. The highest levels of THg and As were found in cord blood (Med((THg))=5.8 ng/g; Med((As))=3.3 ng/g) and breast milk (Med((THg))=0.6 ng/g; Med((As))=0.8 ng/g) from Greek women, while the highest Se levels were found in cord blood (Med=113 ng/g) from Italy. Significant linear correlations were found between Hg, Se and As in blood, cord blood and breast milk. In addition, significant relations were found between the frequencies of total fish consumption and biomarkers of As, MeHg and Se exposure, with the strongest Spearman rank coefficients between frequencies of total fish consumption and THg levels in cord blood (r(s)=0.442, p<0.001) or THg levels in hair (r(s)=0.421, p<0.001), and between frequencies of total fish consumption and As levels in cord blood (r(s)=0.350, p<0.001). The differences in Hg and As exposure between countries were probably due to different amounts of fish consumption and the consumption of different species of fish of different origin, while the highest Se levels in women from Italy were probably the consequence of the more frequent consumption of different non specific food items. Moreover, fish consumption, the possible common source of As, Hg and Se intake, could explain the correlations between the elements determined in cord blood, mother's blood or breast milk.
The validity of using FFQ to assess dietary lignans is uncertain. We aimed to validate the use of FFQ for the assessment of dietary intake of lignans compared to the serum biomarker enterolactone, the main product of dietary lignans' metabolism in human subjects. A random sample of women, aged 55-75 years, from the Swedish Mammography Cohort was selected. Information from two FFQ, the FFQ-87 (sixty-seven food items) and the FFQ-97 (ninety-three food items), and blood samples were collected. Dietary intake of lignans (secoisolariciresinol, matairesinol, lariciresinol, pinoresinol, medioresinol and syringaresinol) was assessed by the FFQ. Serum concentrations of enterolactone were analysed by time-resolved fluoroimmunoassay. The correlation coefficient between energy-adjusted lignan intake and serum enterolactone was estimated in crude and multivariable-adjusted models, taking into account the factors potentially influencing the serum enterolactone. Among the 135 participants aged 55-75 years, with a mean BMI of 267 kg/m, the average energy-adjusted intake of total lignans was 1616 (sd 424) and 1516 (sd 409) g/d according to the FFQ-87 (forty-five food items containing lignans) and the FFQ-97 (sixty-five food items containing lignans), respectively. The mean concentration of serum enterolactone was 232 (sd 154) nmol/l. The adjusted Pearson's correlation between dietary intake of lignans assessed by the FFQ-97 and serum enterolactone was statistically significant (r 022, P= 001). No significant correlation was observed for the FFQ-87 (r 009, P= 030). The present study indicates that the FFQ-97 might be better than the FFQ-87 for assessing dietary intake of lignans, although the correlation was low.
BACKGROUND: In kidney transplant (Kt) recipients , hypertension is a major risk for cardiovascular complications but also for graft failure. Blood pressure (BP) control is therefore mandatory. Office BP (OBP) remains frequently used for clinical decisions, however home BP (HBP) have brought a significant improvement in the BP control. Sodium is a modifiable risk factor, many studies accounted for a decrease of BP with a sodium restricted diet. Increased potassium intake has been also recommended in hypertension management. Using an agreement between office and home BP, the present study investigated the relations between the BP control in Kt recipients and their urinary excretion and dietary consumption of sodium and potassium. METHODS: The BP control defined by OBP <140/90 mmHg and HBP <135/85 mmHg was tested in 70 Kt recipients (mean age 5611.5 years; mean graft survival 76.6 years) treated with antihypertensive medications. OBP and HBP were measured with a validated oscillometric device (Omron M6). The 24-hour urinary sodium (Na+) and potassium (K+) excretions as well as dietary intakes were compared between controlled and uncontrolled (in office and at home) recipients. Non parametric Wilcoxon Mann-Whitney Test was used for between groups comparisons and Fisher's exact test for frequencies comparisons. Pearson correlation coefficients and paired t-test were used when sample size was >30. RESULTS: Using an agreement between OBP and HBP, we identified controlled (21%) and uncontrolled recipients (49%). Major confounding effects susceptible to interfere with the BP regulation did not differ between groups, the amounts of sodium excretion were similar (154  93 vs 162  88 mmol/24 h) but uncontrolled patients excreted less potassium (68  14 vs 54  20 mmol/24 h; P=0.029) and had significantly lower potassium intakes (3279  753 vs 2208  720 mg/24 h; P=0.009), associated with a higher urinary Na+/K+ratio. Systolic HBP was inversely and significantly correlated to urinary potassium (r=-0.48; P=0.002), a positive but non significant relation was observed with urinary sodium (r=0,30;P=0.074). CONCLUSIONS: Half of the treated hypertensive Kt recipients remained uncontrolled in office and at home. Restoring a well-balanced sodium/potassium ratio intakes could be a non pharmacological opportunity to improve blood pressure control. 
The health benefits of PUFA are well established. There is no valid tool or complete fatty acid database to assess PUFA intake in New Zealand (NZ). This study aimed to develop, validate, and test the reproducibility of a NZ-specific PUFA FFQ. A semiquantitative NZ PUFA FFQ was developed based on a validated Australian PUFA FFQ. The Australian fatty acid database was adapted to include NZ-specific data for major PUFA sources. Healthy participants from Auckland, NZ (n = 48) provided fasting blood samples for erythrocyte PUFA analysis, completed the NZ PUFA FFQ and a 3-d weighed food record (WFR), and repeated the NZ PUFA FFQ 3 mo later (n = 42). Relative validity was evaluated by assessing the triangular relationship among the NZ PUFA FFQ, WFR, and erythrocyte PUFA using the methods of triads [EPA, DHA, total omega-3 (n-3) long-chain (LC) PUFA only] and by comparing, correlating, cross-classifying into quintiles and assessing agreement using Bland-Altman plots of intakes between the NZ PUFA FFQ and WFR. Reproducibility was assessed by comparing and correlating intakes between repeat administrations of the NZ PUFA FFQ. The NZ PUFA FFQ effectively estimated EPA [(QT) = 0.72 (95% CI: 0.49, 0.89)], DHA [(QT) = 0.72 (95% CI: 0.53, 0.95)], and total (n-3) LCPUFA [(QT) = 0.68 (95% CI: 0.47, 0.89)] intakes and was comparable with the WFR for other PUFA except docosapentaenoic acid. Repeated implementation of the NZ PUFA FFQ showed agreement for PUFA intakes. The NZ PUFA FFQ is a valid and reliable tool to measure PUFA intake in healthy NZ adults.
BACKGROUND: Fruit and vegetable (F/V) intake assessment tools that are valid, reliable, brief, and easy to administer and code are vital to the field of public health nutrition. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate three short F/V intake screeners (ie, a 2-item serving tool, a 2-item cup tool, and a 16-item F/V intake screener) among adults using multiple 24-hour dietary recalls (24-hour recalls) as the reference instrument and evaluate test-retest reliability of the screeners across a 2- to 3-week time period. DESIGN: Validity and reliability study. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Two hundred forty-four adults for the validity study and 335 adults for test-retest reliability. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Median values for F/V intakes were calculated for the screeners and 24-hour recalls. The Wilcoxon signed rank test was used to compare screeners with the 24-hour recalls. Deattenuated Pearson correlations were reported for validity and intraclass correlation coefficient used for reliability. RESULTS: The estimated median daily servings/cups of F/V for the 2-item serving screener was lower, for the 2-item cup screener was equivalent for men but higher for women, and for the 16-item F/V intake screener were about the same when compared with 24-hour recall values. The deattenuated correlations comparing the 24-hour recalls with the screeners were positive but weak for the 2-item serving screener, and were positive and moderate in strength for the 2-item cup and 16-item F/V intake screeners. The test-retest intraclass correlation coefficients were all positive and fairly strong for all of the screeners. CONCLUSIONS: Although dietary screeners offer a more cost-effective, less burdensome way to obtain gross estimates to rank individuals with regard to F/V intake, these methods are not recommended for assessing precise intake levels. 
BACKGROUND: Air pollution has been associated with an increased risk of cardiopulmonary mortality and decreased heart rate variability (HRV). However, it is unclear whether coke oven emissions (COEs) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are associated with HRV. OBJECTIVES: Our goal in the present study was to investigate the association of exposure to COEs and the urinary metabolite profiles of PAHs with HRV of coke oven workers. METHODS: We measured benzene soluble matter, carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, particulate matters, and PAHs at different workplaces of a coke oven plant. We determined 10 urinary PAH metabolites and HRV indices of 1333 workers using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and a 3-channel digital Holter monitor, respectively. RESULTS: Our results showed that there was a significant COEs-related dose-dependent decrease in HRV, and an inverse relationship between the quartiles of urinary 2-hydroxynaphthalene and five HRV indices (p(trend)<0.01 for all). After adjustment for potential confounders, elevation per interquartile range (IQR) (1.81 g/mmol creatinine) of urinary 2-hydroxynaphthalene was associated with a 5.46% (95% CI, 2.50-8.32) decrease in standard deviation of NN intervals (SDNN). As workers worked more years, SDNN gradually declined in the same quartiles of 2-hydroxynaphthalene levels (p(trend)=1.4010(-4)), especially in workers with the highest levels of 2-hydroxynaphthalene. CONCLUSIONS: Occupational exposure to COEs is associated with a dose-response decrease in HRV. In particular, increased exposure to 2-hydroxynaphthalene is associated with significantly decreased HRV. Increase of working years and exposure levels has resulted in a gradual decline of HRV. 
BACKGROUND: Dioxins and PCBs accumulate in the food chain and might exert toxic effects in animals and humans. In large epidemiologic studies, exposure estimates of these compounds based on analyses of biological material might not be available or affordable. OBJECTIVES: To develop and then validate models for predicting concentrations of dioxins and PCBs in blood using a comprehensive food frequency questionnaire and blood concentrations. METHODS: Prediction models were built on data from one study (n=195), and validated in an independent study group (n=66). We used linear regression to develop predictive models for dioxins and PCBs, both sums of congeners and 33 single congeners (7 and 10 polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans (PCDDs/PCDFs), 12 dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs: 4 non-ortho and 8 mono-ortho), sum of all the 29 dioxin-like compounds (total TEQ) and sum of 4 non dioxin-like PCBs ( CB-101, 138, 153, 183=PCB(4)). We used the blood concentration and dietary intake of each of the above as dependent and independent variables, while sex, parity, age, place of living, smoking status, energy intake and education were covariates. We validated the models in a new study population comparing the predicted blood concentrations with the measured blood concentrations using correlation coefficients and Weighted Kappa ((W)) as measures of agreement, considering (W)>0.40 as successful prediction. RESULTS: The models explained 78% (sum dioxin-like compounds), 76% (PCDDs), 76% (PCDFs), 74% (no-PCBs), 69% (mo-PCBs), 68% (PCB(4)) and 63% (CB-153) of the variance. In addition to dietary intake, age and sex were the most important covariates. The predicted blood concentrations were highly correlated with the measured values, with r=0.75 for dl-compounds 0.70 for PCB(4), (p<0.001) and 0.66 (p<0.001) for CB-153. (W) was 0.68 for sum dl-compounds 0.65 for both PCB(4) and CB-153. Out of 33 congeners 16 (13dl-compounds and 3 ndl PCBs) had (W)>0.40. CONCLUSIONS: The models developed had high power to predict blood levels of dioxins and PCBs and to correctly rank subjects according to high or low exposure based on dietary intake and demographic information. These models underline the value of dietary intake data for use in investigations of associations between dioxin and PCB exposure and health outcomes in large epidemiological studies with limited biomaterial for chemical analysis. 
We investigated whether prenatal exposure from the maternal diet to the toxicants polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxins is associated with the development of immune-related diseases in childhood. Children participating in BraMat, a sub-cohort of the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa), were followed in the three first years of life using annual questionnaires (0-3years; n=162, 2-3years; n=180), and blood parameters were examined at three years of age (n=114). The maternal intake of the toxicants was calculated using a validated food frequency questionnaire from MoBa. Maternal exposure to PCBs and dioxins was found to be associated with an increased risk of wheeze and more frequent upper respiratory tract infections. Furthermore, maternal exposure to PCBs and dioxins was found to be associated with reduced antibody response to a measles vaccine. No associations were found between prenatal exposure and immunophenotype data, allergic sensitization and vaccine-induced antibody responses other than measles. Our results suggest that prenatal dietary exposure to PCBs and dioxins may increase the risk of wheeze and the susceptibility to infectious diseases in early childhood.
OBJECTIVE: Limited data are available about risk factors for the progression of aortic stiffness in healthy population. We examined several risk factors as possible independent predictors of aortic stiffness progression among a population-based sample of US men. METHODS: A total of 240 men (40-49 years) free of CVD at baseline from the Pittsburgh site of the ERA JUMP study were evaluated. Aortic stiffness was measured as carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity at baseline and after 4.6  0.2 (mean  SD) years of follow-up. Progression of aortic stiffness was evaluated as relative annual change in carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (% change/year). Using linear regression, both baseline potential risk factors and their annual changes were evaluated as possible risk factors for aortic stiffness progression. Baseline age, follow-up time, race, heart rate, and medications use were forced in all models. RESULTS: During follow-up, relative to baseline level, aortic stiffness increased 0.3%  5.3% per year. In final models, the independent predictors of degree of aortic stiffness progression were lower levels of adiponectin (P = 0.03), higher levels of systolic blood pressure (P = 0.03), greater annual change in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.04), and alcohol consumption  2 times/week (P = 0.02). Adiponectin levels within the third (9.8 g/Ml  adiponectin < 13.0 g/mL) and the fourth (adiponectin  13.0 g/mL) quartiles were associated with an improvement in relative annual aortic stiffness progression (P = 0.02, P = 0.01, respectively) compared to levels within the first quartile (adiponectin  7.0 g/mL). CONCLUSION: Among apparently healthy men, lower levels of baseline adiponectin could be a novel marker for greater risk of aortic stiffness progression. Longitudinal research is required to evaluate whether adiponectin change over time would have similar association with aortic stiffness progression. 
BACKGROUND: Dialkyl phosphate (DAP) metabolites in spot urine samples are frequently used to characterize children's exposures to organophosphorous (OP) pesticides. However, variable exposure and short biological half-lives of OP pesticides could result in highly variable measurements, leading to exposure misclassification. OBJECTIVE: We examined within- and between-child variability in DAP metabolites in urine samples collected during 1 week. METHODS: We collected spot urine samples over 7 consecutive days from 25 children (3-6 years of age). On two of the days, we collected 24-hr voids. We assessed the reproducibility of urinary DAP metabolite concentrations and evaluated the sensitivity and specificity of spot urine samples as predictors of high (top 20%) or elevated (top 40%) weekly average DAP metabolite concentrations. RESULTS: Within-child variance exceeded between-child variance by a factor of two to eight, depending on metabolite grouping. Although total DAP concentrations in single spot urine samples were moderately to strongly associated with concentrations in same-day 24-hr samples (r  0.6-0.8, p < 0.01), concentrations in spot samples collected > 1 day apart and in 24-hr samples collected 3 days apart were weakly correlated (r  -0.21 to 0.38). Single spot samples predicted high (top 20%) and elevated (top 40%) full-week average total DAP excretion with only moderate sensitivity ( 0.52 and  0.67, respectively) but relatively high specificity ( 0.88 and  0.78, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The high variability we observed in children's DAP metabolite concentrations suggests that single-day urine samples provide only a brief snapshot of exposure. Sensitivity analyses suggest that classification of cumulative OP exposure based on spot samples is prone to type 2 classification errors. 
This study aimed to find the association between urinary aflatoxin M(1) level and milk and dairy products consumption. Of 160 morning urine samples collected, aflatoxin M(1) was detected in 61.3 % samples (n = 98) [mean  SD = 0.0234  0.0177 ng/mL; range = 0-0.0747 ng/mL]. Of these positive samples, 67.3 % (n = 66) had levels above the limit of detection. Respondents with intake of milk and dairy products above median (67.79 g/day) had significantly high level of AFM(1) compared to those with low intake. A significant and positive association ( = 0.286) was found between milk and dairy products consumption and urinary aflatoxin M(1) level.
OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to investigate the associations between serum concentrations of hydroxylated PCBs (OH-PCBs) and PCBs and measures of thyroid hormone status of Japanese pregnant women. METHODS: The concentrations of free thyroxine (fT4), thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), and thyroxine binding globulin (TBG) as well as 16 OH-PCB isomers and 29 PCB isomers were analyzed in the serum of 129 women sampled in the first trimester of gestation. Dietary and lifestyle information of the subjects was obtained by self-administered questionnaire. Multiple regression analysis was performed using measures of thyroid hormones as the dependent variable and serum levels of OH-PCBs/PCBs, urinary iodine concentration, and other potential covariates (age, BMI, smoking, etc.) as independent variables. RESULTS: Geometric mean (GM) concentration of the sum of 16 isomers of OH-PCBs was 120pg/g wet wt. and that of 29 isomers of PCBs was 68ng/g lipid wt., respectively, in the serum of the subjects. Iodine nutrition was considered adequate to high from urinary iodine level (GM, 370g/g creatinine). The mean concentration of TSH, fT4 and TBG was 1.341.37IU/mL, 1.220.16ng/dL and 33.06.4g/mL, respectively, with a small number of subjects who were outside the reference range. Multiple regression analysis revealed that serum concentrations of OH-PCBs/PCBs were not significantly associated with any of the measures of thyroid hormone status. CONCLUSIONS: Exposure/body burden of OH-PCBs and PCBs at environmental levels does not have a measurable effect on thyroid hormones. 
Exotic fruits such as aai, camu-camu, and blackberries rich in natural antioxidants (ascorbic acid, anthocyanins) are marketed as "functional" foods supporting a pro-/antioxidant balance. Confirming data from human studies are lacking. Within a randomized controlled crossover trial, 12 healthy nonsmokers ingested 400 mL of a blended juice of these fruits or a sugar solution (control). Blood was drawn before and afterward to determine antioxidants in plasma, markers of antioxidant capacity [trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity, Folin-Ciocalteu reducing capacity, total oxidant scavenging capacity (TOSC)] and oxidative stress [isoprostane, DNA strand breaks in leukocytes in vivo], and their resistance versus HO-induced strand breaks. Compared with sugar solution, juice consumption increased plasma ascorbic acid and maintained TOSC and partly Folin-Ciocalteu reducing capacity (both P values < 0.05). Strand breaks in vivo increased after ingestion of both beverages (P < 0.001), probably due to postprandial and/or circadian effects. This anthocyanin-rich fruit juice may stabilize the pro-/antioxidant balance in healthy nonsmokers without affecting markers of oxidative stress.
Oxidative stress has been implicated in the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Bilirubin is a potent endogenous antioxidant, and coffee is a major source of exogenous antioxidants. Serum gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), a marker of oxidative stress, is a strong predictor of the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study evaluated the effect modification of bilirubin and coffee consumption on the association of serum GGT with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and the combined effect of bilirubin and coffee on HbA1c concentrations.METHODS: The subjects were 4492 men and 6242 women aged 49-76 years who participated in the baseline survey of an on-going cohort study on lifestyle-related diseases in Fukuoka, Japan. Geometric means of HbA1c were examined according to quartile categories of GGT, with stratification by serum total bilirubin ( 0.6 mg/dL versus less in men and  0.5 mg/dL versus less in women) and coffee consumption (< 1, 1-3 and  4 cups of per day). Statistical adjustment was made for age, smoking, alcohol use and body mass index by using analysis of covariance. RESULTS: HbA1 concentrations increased progressively with increasing levels of GGT in both men and women. The increasing trend of HbA1c concentrations associated with GGT did not differ by either bilirubin status or coffee consumption. Both men and women with high bilirubin had consistently lower concentrations of HbA1c across the GGT quartiles. Higher coffee consumption was associated with lower concentrations of HbA1c in women with low bilirubin (trend P = 0.04), but not with high bilirubin (trend P = 0.37). There was no such association between coffee and HbA1c in men with either low or high bilirubin levels. CONCLUSIONS: Bilirubin is possibly protective against deterioration of glucose metabolism. Further studies are needed regarding the combined effect of bilirubin and coffee on glucose metabolism. 
BASF has developed a rat plasma metabolomics database (MetaMapTox) containing the metabolome of more than 500 chemicals, agrochemicals and drugs, for which the toxicity is well known, derived from 28-day repeated dose toxicity studies in rats. The quality/reproducibility of data was assessed by comparing the metabolome of 16 reference compounds tested at least twice under identical experimental conditions at three time points (day 7, day 14 and day 28). Statistical correlation analysis showed that the repeated treatment induced very similar changes to the metabolome. For all repetitions the modes of action of the compounds were always correctly identified. Moreover, when compared against the metabolome of all compounds available in the MetaMapTox database, the repetitions showed in most cases the highest degree of overall similarity with the metabolome of the original study. In addition, we also evaluated the robustness of our metabolomics technique, displayed by constancy of variability in control groups over time. Based on these results, it can be concluded, that metabolomics can reproducibly be applied during toxicological in vivo testing in rats under the conditions applied here.
Cyclosporine (CSA) is an immunosuppressant used for the prevention of graft rejection and graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) during hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Therapeutic drug monitoring (TDM) is recommended to ensure efficacy and prevent toxicity. Several immunoassay assay are commercially available for measuring CSA drug concentrations. Differences in the cross-reactive metabolites measured by specific immunoassay tests contribute to the significant lack of specificity which has been reported between immunoassays and high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) test results. Inter-assay test results can affect interpretation of CSA drug concentrations and potentially compromise patient outcomes. The current study analyzed 72 paired HPLC-monoclonal TDX (TDXm) CSA drug concentrations and calculated a clinically reliable correction factor which could be applied to HPLC-TDXm results for TDM. A unique concordance-discordance simulation model was utilized to validate the correction factor for clinical use.
A sample preparation method for the determination of hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAHs) in sediment samples was developed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Dispersive liquid-liquid microextraction (DLLME) with derivatization was performed following the subcritical water extraction (SWE) that provided which was provided by accelerated solvent extraction (ASE). Several important parameters that affected both SWE extraction and DLLME, such as the selection of organic modifier, its volume, extraction temperature, extraction pressure and extraction time were also investigated. High sensitivity of the hydroxylated PAHs derivatives by N-(tert-butyldimethylsilyl)-N-methyl-trifluoroacetamide (MTBSTFA) could be achieved with the limits of detection (LODs) ranging from 0.0139 (2-OH-nap) to 0.2334 g kg(-1) (3-OH-fluo) and the relative standard deviations (RSDs) between 2.81% (2-OH-phe) and 11.07% (1-OH-pyr). Moreover, the proposed method was compared with SWE coupled with solid phase extraction (SPE), and the results showed that ASE-DLLME was more promising with recoveries ranging from 57.63% to 91.07%. The proposed method was then applied to determine the hydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene in contaminated sediments produced during the degradation by two PAH-degraders isolated from mangrove sediments.
Food-based dietary guidelines (FBDG) aim to address the nutritional requirements at population level in order to prevent diseases and promote a healthy lifestyle. Diet quality indices can be used to assess the compliance with these FBDG. The present study aimed to investigate whether the newly developed Diet Quality Index for Adolescents (DQI-A) is a good surrogate measure for adherence to FBDG, and whether adherence to these FBDG effectively leads to better nutrient intakes and nutritional biomarkers in adolescents. Participants included 1804 European adolescents who were recruited in the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence (HELENA) Study. Dietary intake was assessed by two, non-consecutive 24 h recalls. A DQI-A score, considering the components' dietary quality, diversity and equilibrium, was calculated. Associations between the DQI-A and food and nutrient intakes and blood concentration biomarkers were investigated using multilevel regression analysis corrected for centre, age and sex. DQI-A scores were associated with food intake in the expected direction: positive associations with nutrient-dense food items, such as fruits and vegetables, and inverse associations with energy-dense and low-nutritious foods. On the nutrient level, the DQI-A was positively related to the intake of water, fibre and most minerals and vitamins. No association was found between the DQI-A and total fat intake. Furthermore, a positive association was observed with 25-hydroxyvitamin D, holo-transcobalamin and n-3 fatty acid serum levels. The present study has shown good validity of the DQI-A by confirming the expected associations with food and nutrient intakes and some biomarkers in blood.
Green tea (Camellia sinensis) catechin profiles in plasma and urine following single dosing and regular ingestion of green tea are not clear. We performed a placebo-controlled intervention study with sixteen healthy volunteers to determine changes in total and free catechins after a single dose and following 1 week of twice-daily green tea. Blood and urine samples were collected before (fasting) and after (60 and 120 min for blood; 90 and 180 min for urine) drinking 200 ml of 1.5% (w/v) green tea or water (n 8 each), and fasting samples were again collected after 7 d of 150 ml of 1% (w/v) supplemental green tea or water twice daily. After a 4-week washout, subjects were crossed onto the other treatment and procedures repeated. Plasma results at 1 h post-ingestion showed elevated (P < 0.05) mean epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG; 310 (SD 117) nmol/l; all in free form), epigallocatechin (EGC; 192 (SD 67) nmol/l; 30% free) and epicatechin gallate (ECG; 134 (SD 51) nmol/l; 75% free). Fasting plasma after 7 d of regular intake showed increased (P < 0.05) EGCG (80 v. 15 nmol/l at baseline) and ECG (120 v. 40 nmol/l), with > or =90% of both in their conjugated forms. Total EGC was < 10 nmol/l. Post-ingestion conjugation and renal loss of EGC and epicatechin were rapid and high, but were negligible for EGCG and ECG. In the green tea consumed, the content was EGCG > EGC > ECG, and the acute plasma response mirrored this. However, after chronic consumption there was almost no EGC found in fasting plasma, some EGCG was present, but a rather high level of ECG was maintained.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), methoxylated PBDEs (MeO-PBDEs) and hydroxylated PBDEs (OH-PBDEs) were detected and quantified in Brown Bullhead (Ameiurus nebulosus) from Lake Ontario. Samples were collected in 2006 from three different locations near the city of Toronto: Frenchman's Bay, Toronto Island, and Tommy Thompson Park. A total of 117 plasma samples were pooled into 19 samples, separating males and females by site of capture. Pooled samples were analyzed for 36 PBDEs, 20 MeO-PBDEs and 20 OH-PBDEs, but only six PBDEs, five MeO- and eight OH-compounds were confirmed against standards currently available. These peaks were quantified as "identified" peaks, while peaks matching ion ratios but not matching the retention time of the available standards were quantified as "unidentified" peaks. Both "identified" and "unidentified" concentrations were combined to obtain a total concentration. No significant variations were obtained for total PBDE concentrations, ranging from 3.33 to 9.02 ng g(-1)wet weight. However, OH- and MeO-PBDE totals ranged over 1 order of magnitude among the samples (not detected - 3.57 ng g(-1)wet weight for OH-PBDEs and not detected -0.10 ng/g wet weight for MeO-PBDE). The results of this study suggested that these compounds are ubiquitous in biota. Source estimation of MeO- and OH-PBDEs in freshwater fish were discussed. Considering that up to date no freshwater sources for MeO- or OH-PBDEs have been reported, concentrations found should be mainly related to bioaccumulation from anthropogenic sources, although other sources could not be dismissed.
PURPOSE: Hypothermia during in vitro irradiation of human peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) affects the level of chromosome aberrations. The molecular mechanisms of this phenomenon are not fully understood. The aim of our study was to examine the effect of hypothermia on the dose-response relationship for dicentric chromosomes and the level of -H2AX (phosphorylated histone H2AX) foci. In addition, the inter- and intra-individual variability was assessed in relation to temperature. MATERIALS AND METHODS: PBL were kept at 0.8, 20 and 37C and then exposed to gamma-rays (from 0-3 Gy). Dicentric chromosomes were scored in first post-treatment mitoses. -H2AX foci were scored 15, 30, 60, 120 min and 24 h post irradiation. RESULTS: Our results revealed that the frequency of dicentric chromosomes in cells exposed at 37C to gamma-rays was higher than after exposure at 0.8 and 20C. No effect of temperature was observed on the number of -H2AX foci as well as on the intra- and inter-individual variations of the dicentric yield and the number of -H2AX foci. CONCLUSIONS: Temperature at exposure to ionizing radiation has a pronounced effect on the level of cytogenetic damage but not -H2AX foci. 
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) is used industrially to add flexibility to polyvinyl chloride (PVC) polymers and is ubiquitously found in the environment, with evidence of prenatal, perinatal and early infant exposure in humans. In utero exposure to DEHP decreases circulating testosterone levels in the adult rat. In addition, DEHP reduces the expression of the angiotensin II receptors in the adrenal gland, resulting in decreased circulating aldosterone levels. The latter may have important effects on water and electrolyte balance as well as systemic arterial blood pressure. Therefore, we determined the effects of in utero exposure to DEHP on systemic arterial blood pressure in the young (2month-old) and older (6.5month-old) adult rats. Sprague-Dawley pregnant dams were exposed from gestational day 14 until birth to 300mg DEHP/kg/day. Blood pressure, heart rate, and activity data were collected using an intra-aortal transmitter in the male offspring at postnatal day (PND) 60 and PND200. A low (0.01%) and high-salt (8%) diet was used to challenge the animals at PND200. In utero exposure to DEHP resulted in reduced activity at PND60. At PND200, systolic and diastolic systemic arterial pressures as well as activity were reduced in response to DEHP exposure. This is the first evidence showing that in utero exposure to DEHP has cardiovascular and behavioral effects in the adult male offspring.
AIMS: Carbohydrate counting is an established approach used by patients with type 1 diabetes to improve their glycemic control. The aims of this study were to evaluate, in real life conditions, the accuracy of meal carbohydrate estimate and its impact on glycemic variability. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, we observed the ability of 50 adults (48% women) with type 1 diabetes (age: 42.711.1 years); diabetes duration: 21.412.7 years; HbA1c: 7.21.2% (6010 mmol/mol) to accurately estimate carbohydrates by analyzing 72-h food records and their corresponding 72-h blood glucose excursions using a continuous glucose monitor. RESULTS: The mean meal carbohydrate difference, between the patients' estimates and those assessed by a dietitian using a computerized analysis program, was 15.47.8 g or 20.99.7% of the total CHO content per meal (72.434.7 g per meal). Sixty-three percent of the 448 meals analyzed were underestimated. Greater differences in CHO's estimates predicted higher glycemic variability, as measured by the MAGE index and glucose standard deviation, and decreased time with glucose values between 4 and 10 mmol/L (R=0.110, 0.114 and 0.110, respectively; P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Inaccurate carbohydrate counting is frequent and associated with higher daily blood glucose variability in adults with type 1 diabetes. 
Concerns about pesticide exposure through food consumption have increased during the past several years. Pyrethroids are applied as insecticides throughout the world. Human metabolism of pyrethroids results in urinary metabolites that are suitable for biological monitoring. The objective of our study was to investigate the relation between food consumption and urinary levels of 3-phenoxybenzoic acid (3-PBA), a general metabolite of pyrethroids, in a non-occupational exposed adult population from the IDI-IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Information on socio-demographic characteristics, smoking, diet and self-reported household pesticide exposure was collected. Urinary 3-PBA level of each subject was measured and adjusted by urinary creatinine. We found that people consuming both raw and cooked vegetables five times weekly or more had higher mean levels of 3-PBA in urine (1.03 g/g creatinine versus 0.52 g/g creatinine; p=0.009 and 0.99 g/g creatinine versus 0.58 g/g creatinine; p=0.01, respectively) than subjects consuming less than five times weekly. In a multivariate model, after adjusting for age, sex, BMI, smoking and household insecticide exposure, high intake of raw vegetables (OR: 5.31; 95%CI: 1.32-21.3) and high intake of cooked vegetables, in particular cruciferous (OR: 4.67; 95%CI: 1.07-20.5) and leafy vegetables (OR: 6.88; 95%CI: 1.50-31.7), were associated with high urine 3-PBA levels (0.70 g/g creatinine). The results of this study suggest that part of the variation in pyrethrois intake is explained by vegetable intake.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Hypertension is a major public health problem and a leading cause of death and disability in both developed and developing countries, affecting one-quarter of the world's adult population. Our aim was to evaluate whether the consumption of gazpacho, a Mediterranean vegetable-based cold soup rich in phytochemicals, is associated with lower blood pressure (BP) and/or reduced prevalence of hypertension in individuals at high cardiovascular risk. METHODS AND RESULTS: We selected 3995 individuals (58% women, mean age 67 y) at high cardiovascular risk (81% hypertensive) recruited into the PREDIMED study. BP, weight, and dietary and physical activity data were collected. In multivariate linear regression analyses, after adjustment, moderate and high gazpacho consumption categories were associated with reduced mean systolic BP of -1.9 mm Hg [95% confidence interval (CI): -3.4; -0.6] and -2.6 mm Hg (CI: -4.2; -1.0), respectively, and reduced diastolic BP of -1.5 mm Hg (CI: -2.3; -0.6) and -1.9 mm Hg (CI: -2.8; -1.1). By multiple-adjusted logistic regression analysis, gazpacho consumption was associated with a lower prevalence of hypertension, with OR = 0.85 (CI: 0.73; 0.99) for each 250 g/week increase and OR = 0.73 (CI: 0.55; 0.98) for high gazpacho consumption groups compared to the no-consumption group. CONCLUSIONS: Gazpacho consumption was inversely associated with systolic and diastolic BP and prevalence of hypertension in a cross-sectional Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk. The association between gazpacho intake and reduction of BP is probably due to synergy among several bioactive compounds present in the vegetable ingredients used to make the recipe. 
BACKGROUND: Limited data is available on sodium (Na) and potassium (K) intake in young children estimated by 24 hour (24h) excretion in urine. The aim was to assess 24h urinary excretion of Na and K in six-year-old children and its relationship with diet quality. METHODS: The study population was a subsample of a national dietary survey, including six-year-old children living in the greater Reykjavik area (n=76). Three day weighed food records were used to estimate diet quality. Diet quality was defined as adherence to the Icelandic food based dietary guidelines. Na and K excretion was analyzed from 24h urine collections. PABA check was used to validate completeness of urine collections. The associations between Na and K excretion and diet quality were estimated by linear regression, adjusting for gender and energy intake. RESULTS: Valid urine collections and diet registrations were provided by 58 children. Na and K excretion was, mean (SD), 1.64 (0.54) g Na/24h (approx. 4.1 g salt/24h) and 1.22 (0.43) g K/24h. In covariate adjusted models Na excretion decreased by 0.16 g Na/24h (95% CI: 0.31, 0.06) per 1-unit increase in diet quality score (score range: 1-4) while K excretion was increased by 0.18 g K/24h (95% CI: 0.06, 0.29). CONCLUSIONS: Na intake, estimated by 24h urinary excretion was on average higher than recommended. Increased diet quality was associated with lower Na excretion and higher K excretion in six-year-old children. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) comprise a ubiquitous class of toxic substances associated with carcinogenic and tumor-promoting effects as well as neurotoxic properties. Reactive oxygen species, which is produced from PCBs, alters blood-brain barrier (BBB) integrity, which is paralleled by cytoskeletal rearrangements and redistribution and disappearance of tight junction proteins (TJPs) like claudin-5 and occludin. Quercetin, a potent antioxidant present in onion and other vegetables, appears to protect brain cells against oxidative stress, a tissue-damaging process associated with Alzheimer's and other neurodegenerative disorders. The aim of this study is to analyze the role of quercetin on oxidative stress markers and transcription of transmembrane and cytoplasmic accessory TJPs on cerebrum, cerebellum and hippocampus of female rats exposed to PCBs. Rats were divided into the following four groups. Group I: received only vehicle (corn oil) intraperitoneally (i.p.); group II: received Aroclor 1254 at a dose of 2mg/kg body weight (bwt)/day (i.p); group III: received Aroclor 1254 (i.p.) and simultaneously quercetin 50mg/kg bwt/day through gavage and group IV: received quercetin alone gavage. From the experiment, the levels of hydrogen peroxide, lipid peroxidation and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances were observed to increase significantly in cerebrum, cerebellum and hippocampus as 50%, 25% and 20%, respectively, after exposure to PCB, and the messenger RNA expression of TJP in rats exposed to PCBs is decreased and is retrieved to the normal level simultaneously in quercetin-treated rats. Hence, quercetin can be used as a preventive medicine to PCBs exposure and prevents neurodegenerative disorders. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate a brief FFQ developed for capturing short-term antioxidant intake in a sample of US college students. DESIGN: A seventy-four-item antioxidant FFQ was developed based on major antioxidant sources in the American diet. The FFQ was validated against 30 d food records (FR) and plasma antioxidant concentrations. The reliability of the FFQ was evaluated by two FFQ administered at a 1-month interval. Settings University of Connecticut, CT, USA. SUBJECTS: Sixty healthy college students. RESULTS: Estimates of dietary antioxidants from the FFQ were moderately to highly correlated with those estimated from the 30 d FR (r = 029-080; P < 005) except for -tocopherol and -cryptoxanthin. Total antioxidant capacity from diet only or from diet and supplements estimated by the 30 d FR and FFQ were highly correlated (r = 067 and 071, respectively; P < 00001). The FFQ categorized 91 % of participants into the same or adjacent tertiles of antioxidant intake as the 30 d FR. Most dietary carotenoids estimated from the FFQ were correlated with plasma levels (P < 005). Correlation coefficients for test-retest reliability ranged from 039 to 086. More than 94 % of the participants were classified in the same or adjacent tertiles between the two administrations of the FFQ. CONCLUSIONS: The brief FFQ demonstrated reasonable validity for capturing a comprehensive antioxidant intake profile. This FFQ is applicable in epidemiological or clinical studies to capture short-term antioxidant intake or to simply document the variations of antioxidant intake in intervention trials. Cross-validation studies are warranted in other target populations. 
BACKGROUND: Changes in skin conductance (SC), clinical stress score (CSS), the bispectral index spectroscopy (BIS) index and the variation in the BIS index may be used to monitor responses to nociceptive stimuli. We wanted to examine these methods during noxious stimulation during general anaesthesia and if the responses were associated with variability in genes related to pain. METHODS: Sixty patients, given propofol to a BIS level of 40-50, were stimulated with standardised tetanic electrical stimuli during propofol infusion, plasma level of 3g/ml alone, or together with remifentanil target plasma level of 3ng/ml or 10ng/ml. The CSS, SC, BIS index and the variability of the BIS index were registered. The inter-individual variation in nociceptive responses was analysed for co-variation with genotypes of 89 single nucleotide polymorphisms from 23 candidate genes. RESULTS: During tetanic stimuli, CSS and SC increased significantly and were attenuated with increasing level of remifentanil, different from the BIS index and the variation in the BIS index. Polymorphisms in the P-glycoprotein (ABCB1), tachykinin 1 receptor (TACR1), dopamine receptor D3 (DRD3) and beta arrestin 2 (ARRB2) genes were associated with the co-variation in SC variables or CSS response or both during standardised nociceptive stimuli (P<0.05). Because of no corrections for multiple testing, the genetic analyses are explorative, and associations must be tested in further studies. CONCLUSION: This exploratory study suggests genes that may be tested further with relation to nociceptive response during anaesthesia. SC and CSS may be useful tools for monitoring nociceptive response during general anaesthesia. 
Several phthalates, particularly diethyl phthalate (DEP) and di-n-butyl phthalate, can be used in personal care products (PCPs) to fix fragrance and hold color. We investigated associations between women's reported use of PCPs within the 24 h before urine collection and concentrations of several urinary phthalate metabolites. Between 2002 and 2005, 337 women provided spot urine samples and answered questions regarding their use of 13 PCPs at a follow-up visit 3-36 months after pregnancy. We examined associations between urinary concentrations of several phthalate metabolites and use of PCPs using linear regression. Use of individual PCPs ranged from 7% (nail polish) to 91% (deodorant). After adjusting for age, education, and urinary creatinine, women reporting use of perfume had 2.92 times higher (95% CI: 2.20-3.89) concentration of monoethyl phthalate (MEP; the primary metabolite of DEP) than other women. Other PCPs that were significantly associated with MEP concentrations included: hair spray, nail polish, and deodorant. MEP concentrations increased with the number of PCPs used. PCP use was widespread in this group of recently pregnant women. Women's use of PCPs, particularly of perfumes and fragranced products, was positively associated with urinary concentration of multiple phthalate metabolites.
Current evidence suggests a direct association of uric acid with diabetes risk, but it is still unclear whether this is independent of risk factors such as obesity and diet. We aimed to investigate whether plasma uric acid concentrations are independently associated with incident type 2 diabetes and to investigate the role of a uric acid-related dietary pattern in this association. We used a case-cohort nested in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Netherlands study. The study included 2318 subcohort members and 845 incident diabetes cases, with a mean follow-up of 10 y. At baseline, blood samples were taken and diet was assessed using a validated FFQ. A uric acid-related dietary pattern was derived with reduced rank regression. Diabetes was mainly self-reported and verified against general practitioner records. Plasma uric acid was (mean  SD) 231  54.6 mol/L in the subcohort. After adjustment for established diabetes risk factors such as age, the HR (highest vs. lowest quartile of uric acid) for diabetes was 4.36 (95% CI: 3.22, 5.90). Further adjustment for adiposity attenuated the HR to 1.86 (95% CI: 1.32, 2.62). Additional adjustment for hypertension and biochemical markers, such as TG, slightly attenuated the association [HR = 1.43 (95% CI: 0.97, 2.10)]. A uric acid-related dietary pattern did not confound the association. In conclusion, this study supports that high uric acid concentrations are associated with increased diabetes risk, although a large part of the association can be explained by the degree of adiposity.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) likely play a role in many cancers even in never-smokers. We tried to find a model to explain the relationship between variation in PAH-related DNA adduct levels among people with similar exposures, multiple genetic polymorphisms in genes related to metabolic and repair pathways, and nucleotide excision repair (NER) capacity. In 111 randomly selected female never-smokers from the Golestan Cohort Study in Iran, we evaluated 21 SNPs in 14 genes related to xenobiotic metabolism and 12 SNPs in eight DNA repair genes. NER capacity was evaluated by a modified comet assay, and aromatic DNA adduct levels were measured in blood by32P-postlabeling. Multivariable regression models were compared by Akaike's information criterion (AIC). Aromatic DNA adduct levels ranged between 1.7 and 18.6 per 10(8) nucleotides (mean: 5.8  3.1). DNA adduct level was significantly lower in homozygotes for NAT2 slow alleles and ERCC5 non-risk-allele genotype, and was higher in the MPO homozygote risk-allele genotype. The sum of risk alleles in these genes significantly correlated with the log-adduct level (r = 0.4, p < 0.001). Compared with the environmental model, adding Phase I SNPs and NER capacity provided the best fit, and could explain 17% more of the variation in adduct levels. NER capacity was affected by polymorphisms in the MTHFR and ERCC1 genes. Female non-smokers in this population had PAH-related DNA adduct levels three to four times higher than smokers and occupationally-exposed groups in previous studies, with large inter-individual variation which could best be explained by a combination of Phase I genes and NER capacity.
AIM: Blood lactate concentration (BLC) has been the basis of rational performance diagnostics for almost five decades. Aim of this study was to identify the variability of the BLC during repeated constant power tests (VC-BLC) and to quantify the corresponding variability of changes in the BLC over time (VC-BLC-Difference). METHODS: Twelve healthy male subjects (24.83-8 years, 182.97.5 cm, 75.77.1 kg, VO2peak: 4.10.6 l min-1) performed four series of three constant power tests at exercise intensities of 45% (A), 60% (B), 75% (C) and 90% (D) of VO2peak. Blood sampling was conducted before, at the end of every 5th min and at the end of each test terminated ahead of schedule. RESULTS: BLC was different at all exercise intensities from minute five onwards. Power output was equivalent to 142.118.9 W (A), 196.325.2 W (B), 247.930.3 W (C) and 302.538.4 W (D). VC-BLC varied between 92.2% and 2110.1%. VC-BLC and VC-BLC-Difference between 10th and 30th min correlated inversely with mean BLC level and BLC-Difference respectively. CONCLUSION: By providing first data on constant power test VC-BLC and VC-BLC-Difference this study might help to improve performance diagnostics and training control in sports medicine and medical exercise therapy by assisting in selecting and monitoring exercise intensity. Performance monitoring with BLC-Differences is feasible at moderate and high exercise intensities; single BLC measurements at termination of tests might not be sufficient. 
Several studies revealed that low calcium intake is related to high prevalence of cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension. The prevalence of hypertension is high in Koreans along with their low dietary calcium consumption. Thus, the aim of this study was to evaluate the status of calcium intake between the hypertension and normotension groups and to investigate the correlation between dietary calcium intake and blood pressure, blood lipid parameters, and blood/urine oxidative stress indices. A total of 166 adult subjects participated in this study and were assigned to one of two study groups: a hypertension group (n = 83) who had 140 mmHg or higher in systolic blood pressure (SBP) or 90 mmHg or higher in diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and an age- and sex-matched normotension group (n = 83, 120 mmHg or less SBP and 80 mmHg or less DBP). The hypertension group consumed 360.5 mg calcium per day, which was lower than that of the normotension group (429.9 mg) but not showing significant difference. In the hypertension group, DBP had a significant negative correlation with plant calcium (P < 0.01) after adjusting for age, gender, body mass index (BMI), and energy intake. In the normotension group, total calcium and animal calcium intake were significantly and positively correlated with serum triglycerides. No significant relationship was found between calcium intake and blood/urine oxidative stress indices in both groups. Overall, these data suggest reconsideration of food sources for calcium consumption in management of the blood pressure or blood lipid profiles in both hypertensive and normotensive subjects.
BACKGROUND: The intake of a Western diet enriched in animal fat has been shown to be a major risk factor for Type 2 diabetes and obesity. Previous rodent studies have indicated that these conditions may be triggered by the accumulation of the sphingolipid ceramide in insulin-sensitive tissues. However, data are lacking in this regard from both humans and non-human primates. OBJECTIVE: Here we have investigated the relationship between plasma ceramides and metabolic syndrome in Rhesus macaques fed a high-fat and high-fructose (HFFD) 'western' diet. METHODS: We investigated this relationship in cohorts of monkeys fed a HFFD for a period of 8 months to 5 years. Animals were classified as control, pre-diabetic or diabetic based on fasting plasma parameters and insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: HFFD treatment produced significant increases in body weight and body fat and also resulted in a decline in insulin sensitivity. In parallel to the reduction in insulin sensitivity, significant increases in both plasma ceramide and dihydroceramide levels were observed, which further increased as animals progressed to the diabetic state. Plasma levels of the rare sphingolipid C18:0 deoxysphinganine, a marker of increased metabolic flux through serine palmitoyl transferase (SPT), were also elevated in both pre- and diabetic animals. Furthermore, plasma serine levels were significantly elevated in diabetic monkeys, which may indicate a shift in SPT substrate selectivity from serine to alanine or glycine. In contrast, branch chain amino acids were unchanged in pre-diabetic non-human primates, and only plasma valine levels were elevated in diabetic animals. CONCLUSION: Together, these data indicate that HFFD induces de novo synthesis of ceramides in non-human primates, and that increased production of plasma ceramides is significantly correlated with the decline in insulin sensitivity. 
BACKGROUND: Nutritional biomarkers have several advantages in acquiring data for epidemiological and clinical studies over traditional dietary assessment tools, such as food frequency questionnaires. While food frequency questionnaires constitute a subjective methodology, biomarkers can provide a less biased and more accurate measure of specific nutritional intake. A precise estimation of polyphenol consumption requires blood or urine sample biomarkers, although their association is usually highly complex. RESULTS: This article reviews recent research on urinary polyphenols as potential biomarkers of polyphenol intake, focusing on clinical and epidemiological studies. We also report a potentially useful methodology to assess total polyphenols in urine samples, which allows a rapid, simultaneous determination of total phenols in a large number of samples. CONCLUSION: This methodology can be applied in studies evaluating the utility of urinary polyphenols as markers of polyphenol intake, bioavailability and accumulation in the body. 
Little is known about genetic susceptibility to individual trihalomethanes (THM) in relation to adverse pregnancy outcomes. We conducted a nested case-control study of 682 pregnant women in Kaunas (Lithuania) and, using individual information on drinking water, ingestion, showering and bathing, and uptake factors of THMs in blood, estimated an internal THM dose. We used logistic regression to evaluate the relationship between internal THM dose, birth outcomes and individual and joint (modifying) effects of metabolic gene polymorphisms. THM exposure during entire pregnancy and specific trimesters slightly increased low birth weight (LBW) risk. When considering both THM exposure and maternal genotypes, the largest associations were found for third trimester among total THM (TTHM) and chloroform-exposed women with the GSTM1-0 genotype (OR: 4.37; 95% CI: 1.36-14.08 and OR: 5.06; 95% CI: 1.50-17.05, respectively). A test of interaction between internal THM dose and GSTM1-0 genotype suggested a modifying effect of exposure to chloroform and bromodichloromethane on LBW risk. However, the effect on small for gestational age (SGA) was not statistically significant. These data suggest that THM internal dose may affect foetal growth and that maternal GSTM1 genotype modifies the THM exposure effects on LBW.
The consumption of high-fat/calorie diets in modern societies is likely a major contributor to the obesity epidemic, which can increase the prevalence of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and neurological impairment. Obesity may precipitate decline via inflammatory and oxidative signaling, and one factor linking inflammation to oxidative stress is the proinflammatory, pro-oxidant enzyme NADPH oxidase. To reveal the role of NADPH oxidase in the metabolic and neurological consequences of obesity, the effects of high-fat diet were compared in wild-type C57Bl/6 (WT) mice and in mice deficient in the NAPDH oxidase subunit NOX2 (NOX2KO). While diet-induced weight gains in WT and NOX2KO mice were similar, NOX2KO mice had smaller visceral adipose deposits, attenuated visceral adipocyte hypertrophy, and diminished visceral adipose macrophage infiltration. Moreover, the detrimental effects of HFD on markers of adipocyte function and injury were attenuated in NOX2KO mice; NOX2KO mice had improved glucose regulation, and evaluation of NOX2 expression identified macrophages as the primary population of NOX2-positive cells in visceral adipose. Finally, brain injury was assessed using markers of cerebrovascular integrity, synaptic density, and reactive gliosis, and data show that high-fat diet disrupted marker expression in WT but not NOX2KO mice. Collectively, these data indicate that NOX2 is a significant contributor to the pathogenic effects of high-fat diet and reinforce a key role for visceral adipose inflammation in metabolic and neurological decline. Development of NOX-based therapies could accordingly preserve metabolic and neurological function in the context of metabolic syndrome.
The subjective nature of self-reported dietary intake assessment methods presents numerous challenges to obtaining accurate dietary intake and nutritional status. This limitation can be overcome by the use of dietary biomarkers, which are able to objectively assess dietary consumption (or exposure) without the bias of self-reported dietary intake errors. The need for dietary biomarkers was addressed by the Institute of Medicine, who recognized the lack of nutritional biomarkers as a knowledge gap requiring future research. The purpose of this article is to review existing literature on currently available dietary biomarkers, including novel biomarkers of specific foods and dietary components, and assess the validity, reliability and sensitivity of the markers. This review revealed several biomarkers in need of additional validation research; research is also needed to produce sensitive, specific, cost-effective and noninvasive dietary biomarkers. The emerging field of metabolomics may help to advance the development of food/nutrient biomarkers, yet advances in food metabolome databases are needed. The availability of biomarkers that estimate intake of specific foods and dietary components could greatly enhance nutritional research targeting compliance to national recommendations as well as direct associations with disease outcomes. More research is necessary to refine existing biomarkers by accounting for confounding factors, to establish new indicators of specific food intake, and to develop techniques that are cost-effective, noninvasive, rapid and accurate measures of nutritional status.
Certain substances from the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) group are major inducers of respiratory tract carcinogenesis. The presented are the results of a serological epidemiological study aimed at monitoring the levels of anti-PAH antibodies and antibodies to PAH-DNA adducts in serum. The patients studied belonged both to the group of those with known lung disease (COPD and lung cancer), as well as to the healthy population of people who due to the work conditions or those at the place of residence can expect increased exposure to PAHs. In addition to the results proper that confirm increase of the genotoxic exposure risk to PAH in smoke-polluted places of residence and other PAH polluted environments. There has also been proved the relevance of still commonly used markers (DNA adducts), as well as the suitability of new markers, more favourable from the economic and practical viewpoints (anti-benzo(a)pyrene-7,8-dihydrodiol-9,10-epoxide-DNA [anti-BPDE-DNA], anti-Benzo(a)pyrene antibodies of the IgA class).
OBJECTIVE: The Southern European Atlantic Diet (SEAD) is the traditional diet of Northern Portugal and Galicia, a region in northwest Spain. The SEAD has been associated with a lower risk of non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, but the mechanisms of this association have not yet been investigated. Thus, we examined the association between the SEAD and numerous biomarkers of coronary risk, blood pressure and anthropometrics. METHODS: Cross-sectional study conducted in 2008-2010 among 10,231 individuals representative of the population aged 18 years and older in Spain. Diet was assessed with a validated computerized diet history. SEAD adherence was measured with an index including 9 food components (fresh fish, cod, red meat and pork products, dairy products, legumes and vegetables, vegetable soup, potatoes, whole-grain bread, and wine), which ranges from 0 (lowest adherence) to 9 (highest adherence). C-reactive protein, uric acid, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, glycated hemoglobin, insulin, leptin, fibrinogen, were determined in 12-h fasting blood samples, while creatinine and urine albumin were determined in urine. RESULTS: Mean SEAD score was 2.9 points (inter-quartile range 2-4 points). Higher SEAD adherence was associated with a lower level of plasma C-reactive protein (adjusted difference in geometric means between the highest and lowest SEAD quartiles -0.2mg/l; p for trend <0.001), plasma triglycerides (-3.4mg/dl; p for trend 0.012), insulin (-0.5mU/l; p for trend <0.001), HOMA-IR (-0.12; p for trend <0.001), urine albumin (-0.8mg/l; p for trend <0.001), urine albumin-creatinine ratio (-0.3mg/g creatinine; p for trend <0.034), and systolic blood pressure (-1.6mm Hg; p for trend <0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This study identifies possible mediators of the effect of SEAD on myocardial infarction, because SEAD is associated with a lower concentration of markers of inflammation and with reduced triglycerides, insulin, insulin resistance, and systolic blood pressure. 
BACKGROUND: Phthalates are prevalent environmental exposure chemicals with rising concern on various health effects, including pulmonary function. Meanwhile, elderly people are more susceptible to environmental exposure, and their decreasing lung function is an important health issue. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association between urinary phthalate metabolite levels and indices for pulmonary function, and evaluate effect modification by genetic polymorphisms of oxidative-stress related genes, catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD2), and myeloperoxidase (MPO) in elderly Koreans. METHODS: We conducted a panel study on 418 individuals over 60 years old in Seoul, Korea, and repeatedly measured urinary phthalate metabolite levels and ran pulmonary function tests. Genetic polymorphisms of CAT (rs769218, rs769217), SOD2 (rs4880, rs2758331, rs5746136) and MPO (rs2071409, rs7208693) were determined. Mixed effect model was used to investigate association of phthalate levels with pulmonary function indices and to examine the effect of CAT, SOD2 and MPO polymorphisms on the association. RESULTS: Inverse association was demonstrated between sum of mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate (DEHP) levels and FEV1/FVC (=-0.632, p=0.0275) or FEF25-75 (=-0.077, p=0.025) after adjusting for age, months after previous measurements, sex, body mass index, cotinine, mean temperature and dew point. The effect of DEHP on lung function was significant only in subjects with certain genotypes, and having all significant genotypes in three genes showed significant difference in the phthalate-pulmonary function association (FEV1/FVC: =-2.169, p=0.0032; FEF25-75: =-0.155, p=0.0103), while other combinations showed less estimate size without any significance. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary phthalate metabolites levels are associated with decreasing pulmonary function in elderly Koreans, and effect modification of certain CAT, SOD2 and MPO polymorphisms on the association is suggested. 
AIM: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet has been shown to lower the risk of developing several chronic diseases. The ability to augment circulating adiponectin levels is proposed as an underlying mechanism mediating the beneficial effects of this diet. We aimed to examine whether the positive relationship between the Mediterranean diet and adiponectin is altered by cigarette smoking, taking potential confounders into consideration. METHODS: Plasma adiponectin levels were enzymatically measured in 45 never smokers, 61 smokers and 34 ex-smokers who adhered to a Mediterranean style diet and in 41 never smokers who did not adhere to the diet. RESULTS: Plasma adiponectin levels increased significantly in nonsmoking diet adherents compared to nonsmoking non-diet adherents. Among the diet adherents adiponectin decreased significantly in both moderate and heavy smokers compared to never smokers and significantly increased in quitters compared to smokers. Multiple regression analysis, controlling for age, obesity, Mediterranean diet and insulin resistance revealed an independent inverse association of smoking with adiponectin. Adiponectin levels remained significant and similar in subjects stratified according to age (</>50 years), BMI (</>25 kg/m(2)) and HOMA-IR (</>1.6). CONCLUSIONS: Despite its positive effects on adiponectin, the Mediterranean diet failed to negate the adiponectin-lowering effect of cigarette smoking, demonstrating the profound and independent capacity of cigarette smoke to negatively influence human health. 
BACKGROUND: Many randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and observational studies have provided information on the association between vitamin B-12 intake and biomarkers. The use of these data to estimate dose-response relations provides a useful means to summarize the body of evidence. OBJECTIVE: We systematically reviewed studies that investigated vitamin B-12 intake and biomarkers of vitamin B-12 status and estimated dose-response relations with the use of a meta-analysis. DESIGN: This systematic review included all RCTs, prospective cohort studies, nested case-control studies, and cross-sectional studies in healthy adult populations published through January 2010 that supplied or measured dietary vitamin B-12 intake and measured vitamin B-12 status as serum or plasma vitamin B-12, methylmalonic acid (MMA), or holotranscobalamin. We calculated an intake-status regression coefficient ( ) for each individual study and calculated the overall pooled   and SE ( ) by using random-effects meta-analysis on a double-log scale. RESULTS: The meta-analysis of observational studies showed a weaker slope of dose-response relations than the meta-analysis of RCTs. The pooled dose-response relation of all studies between vitamin B-12 intake and status indicated that a doubling of the vitamin B-12 intake increased vitamin B-12 concentrations by 11% (95% CI: 9.4%, 12.5%). This increase was larger for studies in elderly persons (13%) than in studies in adults (8%). The dose-response relation between vitamin B-12 intake and MMA concentrations indicated a decrease in MMA of 7% (95% CI: -10%, -4%) for every doubling of the vitamin B-12 intake. The assessment of risk of bias within individual studies and across studies indicated risk that was unlikely to seriously alter these results. CONCLUSION: The obtained dose-response estimate between vitamin B-12 intake and status provides complementary evidence to underpin recommendations for a vitamin B-12 intake of populations. 
OBJECTIVES: To establish whether foetal blood sampling for pH is a reliable test of foetal acidosis in labour by comparing paired foetal blood samples taken at a single procedure. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a prospective study assessing 293 consecutive attempts at foetal blood sampling in labour over a four month period from February to May 2012. A total of 100 paired samples were suitable for analysis. We compared the consistency of pH results of paired foetal blood samples, evaluated cases where inconsistent results would result in conflicting clinical decisions, and explored factors associated with discordant results. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant difference between the mean pH of the two samples: 7.297 (SD 0.065) versus 7.315 (SD 0.059), p<0.0005. Of the 100 paired samples, 43 had a difference greater than the laboratory acceptable maximum analytical difference of 0.038. There was discordance between the samples in 16 cases with results crossing a decision threshold, and in 11 cases (69%) delivery was by emergency caesarean section. Inconsistent results were not associated with specific clinical factors and occurred more often with senior operators. CONCLUSION: Foetal blood sampling is considered by many as the gold standard in assessing intrapartum foetal wellbeing. We have demonstrated inconsistency of paired foetal blood pH results which suggests that foetal blood sampling should not be considered infallible. 
Heterocyclic amines (HCAs) are mutagenic/carcinogenic compounds formed at ng/g levels during frying meat or fish. The effect of the normal intake of dietary HCAs in humans and their involvement in the etiology of cancer are currently unknown. In this work, a new extraction method, liquid phase microextraction (LPME) with hollow fibers, and LC-MS/MS have been used for the first time to determine HCAs and metabolites in nonspiked human urine following a single meal of chicken cooked at 180 C for 6 min. The total intake of HCAs was estimated to be 6 g, of which 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) accounted for about 1 g. The concentrations of PhIP in nonhydrolyzed urine samples ranged from 11.7 to 59.4 pg/g. The total amount of PhIP in urine ranged between 9.3 and 21.1 ng, which corresponds to 0.91-2.1% of the ingested PhIP. In addition, the urine levels of 4'-OH-PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-(4'-hydroxy)phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine) and 5-OH-PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-(5-hydroxy)phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine) also showed a narrow variation between the samples. The analysis of urine samples after acid hydrolysis did not give additional information but showed a notable increase in norharman in some cases. The obtained results suggest PhIP in urine as a possible biomarker of exposure to HCAs and the LPME and LC-MS/MS method as an appropriate strategy to biomonitor HCAs in urine.
PURPOSE: Epidemiological studies in women have revealed an association between caffeine intake and urinary incontinence, although evidence among men is limited. Therefore, we evaluated the association between caffeine intake and urinary incontinence in United States men. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were used from male NHANES (National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys) 2005-2006 and 2007-2008 participants. Urinary incontinence was defined using a standard questionnaire with Incontinence Severity Index scores 3 or greater categorized as moderate to severe. Structured dietary recall was used to determine caffeine consumption (mg per day), water intake (gm per day) and total dietary moisture (gm per day). Stepwise multivariable logistic regression models were used to assess the association between caffeine intake at or above the 75th and 90th percentiles and moderate to severe urinary incontinence, controlling for potential confounders, urinary incontinence risk factors and prostate conditions in men age 40 years or older. RESULTS: Of the 5,297 men 3,960 (75%) were 20 years old or older with complete data. Among these men the prevalence of any urinary incontinence was 12.9% and moderate to severe urinary incontinence was 4.4%. Mean caffeine intake was 169 mg per day. Caffeine intake at the upper 75th percentile (234 mg or more daily) and 90th percentile (392 mg or more per day) was significantly associated with having moderate to severe urinary incontinence (1.72, 95% 1.18-2.49 and 2.08, 95% 1.15-3.77, respectively). In addition, after adjusting for prostate conditions, the effect size for the association between caffeine intake and moderate to severe urinary incontinence remained. CONCLUSIONS: Caffeine consumption equivalent to approximately 2 cups of coffee daily (250 mg) is significantly associated with moderate to severe urinary incontinence in United States men. Our findings support the further study of caffeine modification in men with urinary incontinence. 
Animal and human studies have indicated that fatty acids such as the conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) found in milk could potentially alter the risk of developing metabolic disorders including diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Using susceptible rodent models (apoE(-/-) and LDLr(-/-) mice) we investigated the interrelationship between mouse strain, dietary conjugated linoleic acids and metabolic markers of CVD. Despite an adverse metabolic risk profile, atherosclerosis (measured directly by lesion area), was significantly reduced with t-10, c-12 CLA and mixed isomer CLA (Mix) supplementation in both apoE(-/-) (p<0.05, n=11) and LDLr(-/-) mice (p<0.01, n=10). Principal component analysis was utilized to delineate the influence of multiple plasma and tissue metabolites on the development of atherosclerosis. Group clustering by dietary supplementation was evident, with the t-10, c-12 CLA supplemented animals having distinct patterns, suggestive of hepatic insulin resistance, regardless of mouse strain. The effect of CLA supplementation on hepatic lipid and fatty acid composition was explored in the LDLr(-/-) strain. Dietary supplementation with t-10, c-12 CLA significantly increased liver weight (p<0.05, n=10), triglyceride (p<0.01, n=10) and cholesterol ester content (p<0.01, n=10). Furthermore, t-10, c-12 CLA also increased the ratio of 181 to 180 fatty acid in the liver suggesting an increase in the activity of stearoyl-CoA desaturase. Changes in plasma adiponectin and liver weight with t-10, c-12 CLA supplementation were evident within 3 weeks of initiation of the diet. These observations provide evidence that the individual CLA isomers have divergent mechanisms of action and that t-10, c-12 CLA rapidly changes plasma and liver markers of metabolic syndrome, despite evidence of reduction in atherosclerosis.
Serum free light chain (sFLC) measurement has gained widespread acceptance and is incorporated into various diagnostic and response criteria. Non-linearity and antigen excess are the main causes of 'variability' in the measurement of sFLC using immunoassay, but the impact of these on measurement has been unclear. We performed a retrospective evaluation using a dilutional strategy to detect these phenomena. A total of 464 samples in 2009 and 373 samples in 2010 were analysed for sFLC. Non-linearity was detected in both high and apparently normal sFLC. Major non-linearity of more than twofold is common in high kappa (202%) and lambda (141%). It is less common in samples with apparently normal levels - kappa (64%) and lambda (95%). 94% of kappa and 155% of lambda showed antigen excess at screening dilutions. 344% of the samples had either non-linearity or antigen excess. We conclude that significant measurement variability is common in the measurement of sFLC. There is currently no reliable technique to detect non-linearity phenomena unless a serial dilution strategy is applied to every analysis. We recommend that laboratories routinely reporting sFLC results for clinical services need appropriate strategies for addressing these issues. Clinicians should be aware of these limitations in interpretation of sFLC assay for individual patients. Future guidelines should adopt action thresholds which are grounded firmly in test performance parameters.
PURPOSE: To investigate the associations of dietary TAC from diet and supplements with serum antioxidant concentrations and serum C-reactive protein (CRP) and plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) in US adults. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study. Food consumption data, serum antioxidant levels, and serum CRP and Plasma tHcy concentrations of 4,391 US adults aged 19 years in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2001-2002 were analyzed. The USDA flavonoid and proanthocyanidin databases and dietary supplement data as well as antioxidant capacities of 43 antioxidants were also utilized. RESULT: Serum CRP and plasma tHcy concentrations were higher in older adults, smokers, and those with lower non-leisure time physical activity levels (P < 0.05). Energy-adjusted daily total antioxidant capacity (TAC) from diet and supplements was positively associated with serum vitamin E and carotenoid concentrations (P < 0.05). Adjusted odds ratio (OR) for plasma tHcy >13 mol/L significantly decreased across quartiles of TAC from diet and supplements (Q1 = 2.18 (1.56-2.77); Q2 = 1.30 (1.00-2.07); Q3 = 1.34 (0.84-2.28); Q4 = 1.00; P for linear trend <0.001). A negative trend across quartiles of TAC from diet and supplements was also observed in OR for serum CRP 3 mg/L (Q1 = 1.26 (0.97-1.70); Q2 = 1.21 (0.91-1.66); Q3 = 0.97 (0.80-1.24); Q4 = 1.00; P for linear trend <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicated that dietary TAC provided an integrated conceptual tool in assessing serum antioxidants and investigating the associations between antioxidant intake and CVD risk. The implicated applicability of dietary TAC needs further validation in prospective cohort studies. 
In a birth cohort study, we have assessed the dose-response relationship between individual measurements of prenatal airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and specific PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood adjusted for maternal blood adducts and season of birth. The study uses data from an earlier established birth cohort of children in Krakow. The final analysis included 362 pregnant women who gave birth to term babies and had complete data on personal exposure in the second trimester of pregnancy to eight airborne PAHs including benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P), as well as DNA adducts, both in maternal and cord blood. The relation between cord blood PAH-DNA adducts and airborne prenatal PAH exposure was non-linear. Although cord blood PAH-DNA adducts were significantly associated with the B[a]P exposure categorized by tertiles (non-parametric trend z=3.50, P<0.001), the relationship between B[a]P and maternal blood adducts was insignificant (z=1.63, P=0.103). Based on the multivariable linear regression model, we estimated the effect of the prenatal airborne B[a]P on the level of cord blood adducts. In total, 14.8% of cord blood adducts variance was attributed to the level of maternal adducts and 3% to a higher prenatal B[a] exposure above 5.70ng/m(3). The calculated fetal/maternal blood adduct ratio (FMR) linearly increased with B[a]P exposure (z=1.99, P=0.047) and was highest at B[a]P concentrations exceeding 5.70ng/m(3). In conclusion, the results support other findings that transplacental exposure to B[a]P from maternal inhalation produces DNA damage in the developing fetus. It also confirms the heightened fetal susceptibility to prenatal PAH exposure that should be a matter of public health concern, particularly in the highly polluted areas, because DNA adducts represent a pro-carcinogenic alteration in DNA. The continuation of this birth cohort study will assess the possible health effects of fetal DNA damage on the health of children and help in establishing new protective guidelines for newborns.
OBJECTIVE: The present study assessed whether compliance with the Food-Based Dietary Guidelines is related to habitual fatty acid (FA) intake and blood lipid parameters. METHODS: Dietary information was collected by two non-consecutive 24-h recalls in 1804 European adolescents. Compliance with the Food-Based Dietary Guidelines was expressed by calculating the Diet Quality Index for Adolescents (DQI-A). Blood samples were collected in a randomly selected subset (n = 552). Relations between FA intake/serum concentrations and DQI-A were tested with multilevel regression analysis to correct for the study design (clustering within cities). Analyses were stratified for gender; age was entered as a covariate. RESULTS: Better DQI-A scores were related to increased proportional intakes of energy from total fat, saturated FA, monounsaturated FA, and cholesterol (P < 0.001), whereas no significant association was observed with polyunsaturated FA intakes. In adolescents with higher compared with lower DQI-A scores, dairy products contributed more (21.0% versus 12.7%) and low-nutrient, energy-dense items contributed less (17.2% versus 26.3%) to the intake of total fat. A positive association was observed between the DQI-A scores and serum concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid (all P < 0.005). The latter, however, was significant only in girls. In boys, higher DQI-A scores were inversely associated with serum cholesterol concentrations (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Although compliance with the Food-Based Dietary Guidelines was not always associated with a favorable FA intake pattern, a significant favorable association with some serum biomarkers was observed. This outcome underlines the importance of considering dietary habits instead of single-nutrient intakes. 
Chronic exposure to arsenic (As) in food and water is a significant public health problem. Person-specific aggregate exposure is difficult to collect and modeling based on limited food As residue databases is of uncertain reliability. Two cross-sectional population exposure studies, the National Human Exposure Assessment Survey-Arizona and Arizona Border Survey, had a combined total of 252 subjects with diet, water, and urinary As data. Total As was measured in 24-h duplicate diet samples and modeled using 24-h diet diaries in conjunction with several published food surveys of As. Two-stage regression was used to assess the effects of dietary As on urinary total As (uAs): (1) generalized linear mixed models of uAs above versus below the limit of detection (LOD); and (2) restricted models limited to those subjects with uAs>LOD, using bootstrap sampling and mixed models adjusted for age, sex, body mass index, ethnicity, current smoking, and As intake from drinking and cooking water. In restricted models, measured and modeled estimates were significant predictors of uAs. Modeled dietary As based on Total Diet Study mean residues greatly underestimated the dietary intake. In households with tap water As 10p.p.b., over 93% of total arsenic exposure was attributable to diet.
To facilitate the assessment of adverse effects of very low concentrations of air pollutants on general populations, we planned to establish a reliable biomarker that is also useful in identifying vulnerable populations. For this purpose we monitored several inflammation markers in blood samples from 2 year old Japanese children (N = 30), and found that those children living close to major highways (<50 m) show higher levels of mRNA expression IL-22 in their blood samples than those living further away (+50 m). This tendency was more pronounced among subjects showing positive IgE against egg and milk. We further examined association between IL-22 mRNA expression and PCB residues and found a number of significant positive correlations between each individual PCB congener and IL-22 expression. To identify the most vulnerable population among those children we selected asthma as a typical allergy-related disease, and could show that there are significant differences in the levels of IL-22 mRNA expression between IgE negative non-asthmatic subject and asthmatic children showing positive IgE reaction toward egg or milk, again. These observations support our main conclusion that IL-22 expression is a sensitive biomarker which is useful in identifying sub-populations of children who are especially vulnerable to air pollution.
This study examined salty taste acuity and salty taste preference and sodium intake in relation to zinc nutritional status in 2 rural populations in Korea. And we also examined the main food contributors of their sodium intakes. We enrolled 218 adults (66 men and 152 women) from the Kangneung and Samcheok regions in Korea's Kangwon province in our study conducted from December 2011 to February 2012. Participants from each region were divided into 3 groups based on their serum zinc level (T1: lowest, T2: intermediate, T3: highest). We compared the salty taste acuity and preference, Na index (Dish Frequency Questionnaire for estimation of habitual sodium intake), blood pressure, and intakes of nutrients including sodium by 3 groups of serum zinc level. The results were as follows: a higher serum zinc level indicated a lower sodium intake and Na index (P < 0.05). The salty taste acuity was considerably higher for participants from the Kangneung region than those from the Samcheok region (P < 0.05). And the serum zinc level was significantly higher in participants from the Kangneung region than those from the Samcheok region (P < 0.05). We further divided the participants into 2 groups: those who consumed more zinc than the recommended intake (RI) and the others. We compared salty taste acuity and salty taste preference in the 2 groups. The salty taste threshold and palatable salty taste concentrations were lower for the group with a zinc intake above RI than for the group with zinc intake below the RI. However, the difference was not significant. This study confirms that taste function differs depending on zinc nutritional status. In future, it is required to a large-scale, long-term, prospective study on the correlation between zinc intake, serum zinc levels, and taste perception function and blood pressure.
AIM: The purpose of this methodological study is to evaluate the reliability and validity of a Turkish adaptation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12) used in assessing sexuality function in women with POP/UI. METHODS: The PISQ-12 was translated into Turkish; the adaptation of the PISQ-12 to Turkish language was performed via back-translation, the content validity of the questionnaire was conducted by experts in the field, test-retest reliability was examined with 40 women with UI and/or POP. PISQ-12 was administered to 120 women with pelvic floor dysfunction. The reliability and validity of the PISQ-12 were analyzed. Evaluation of the data was performed using Content Validity Index (CVI), Cronbach's alpha, test-retest reliability, item total correlation, and confirmatory factor analysis. RESULTS: CVI of the Turkish PISQ-12 was found 1.00 (% 100). Item-total correlations were between 0.42 and 0.68 (P<0.001). The PISQ-12 had an adequate and high internal consistency (Cronbach's =0.74) as well as a high test-retest reliability (Pearson correlation coefficient, r=0.961; P<0.001). Factor analysis results revealed strong construct validity. CONCLUSION: The Turkish version of the PISQ-12 is a reliable, consistent and valid instrument to assess sexual function in women with urinary incontinence and/or pelvic organ prolapse. It is also a comprehensive and easily applicable instrument which as a treatment outcome or research tool in clinical practices. 
The pharmacokinetics of aprepitant, a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist, have not been fully evaluated in clinical settings. The aim of this study was to characterize the plasma pharmacokinetics of aprepitant and reveal their influence of laboratory tests and cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A5 gene polymorphisms in cancer patients. Forty-four Japanese cancer patients receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy for the first time following oral aprepitant (125 mg on day 1 and 80 mg on days 2 and 3) were enrolled. The patients did not have gastrointestinal disease and the clinical laboratory values were within their normal reference levels. The plasma concentrations of aprepitant 24 (day 2 predose), 72, and 120 h after the first aprepitant administration were determined using LC-MS/MS. The relationships between plasma exposure to aprepitant and body weight, clinical laboratory values, age, gender, or CYP3A5*3 were investigated. The median and interquartile ranges of the 120-h area under the plasma concentration time curve (AUC)(0-120) of aprepitant were 73215 and 55518-91121 ng h/mL. The coefficient of variation value for aprepitant AUC(0-120) was 53%. The AUC(0-120) of aprepitant was correlated with the levels of total bilirubin and serum albumin, respectively (r=0.454, p<0.01 and r=0.287, p=0.06), but not with other non-genetic factors and CYP3A5 genetic variants in a univariate analysis. The AUC(0-120) of aprepitant was significantly correlated with the level of total bilirubin (adjusted R(2)=0.187, p<0.01) in a multivariate analysis. In conclusion, the plasma pharmacokinetics of aprepitant varied markedly in cancer patients receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy for the first time and were correlated with the level of total bilirubin.
PURPOSE: To evaluate the intra- and inter-rater reliability of the quantification of blood and CSF flow rates by phase contrast MRI. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Blood and CSF flows in the upper cervical region were imaged with velocity-encoded cine-phase contrast using 3T scanners from different manufacturers at two centers. Data of 6 subjects scanned in center A and of 5 subjects in center B were analyzed by six readers at two levels of training. Each data set was analyzed three times in a randomized order for a total of 33 data sets. Intra-class correlation coefficients (ICC) were calculated for the primary measurements of areas and flow rates through the main cervical arteries, veins and the CSF space, and for secondary parameters derived from the individual flow rates. RESULTS: ICC ranged from 0.80 to 0.96 for the lumen area and from 0.97 to 0.99 for the volumetric flow rate. The ICC for the derived secondary measures ranged from 0.85 to 0.99. Differences due to operator level of training were not statistically significant. CONCLUSION: High intra- and inter-rater reliability of volumetric flow rate measurements is currently achievable across manufacturers and users' skill levels with a pulsatility based automated lumen segmentation. 
PURPOSE: Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with a reduced type 2 diabetes risk, but the biomarkers that explain this relation are unknown. The most commonly used method to estimate the proportion explained by a biomarker is the difference method. However, influence of alcohol-biomarker interaction on its results is unclear. G-estimation method is proposed to accurately assess proportion explained, but how this method compares with the difference method is unknown. METHODS: In a case-cohort study of 2498 controls and 919 incident diabetes cases, we estimated the proportion explained by different biomarkers on the relation between alcohol consumption and diabetes using the difference method and sequential G-estimation method. RESULTS: Using the difference method, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol explained the relation between alcohol and diabetes by 78% (95% confidence interval [CI], 41-243), whereas high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (-7.5%; -36.4 to 1.8) or blood pressure (-6.9; -26.3 to -0.6) did not explain the relation. Interaction between alcohol and liver enzymes led to bias in proportion explained with different outcomes for different levels of liver enzymes. G-estimation method showed comparable results, but proportions explained were lower. CONCLUSIONS: The relation between alcohol consumption and diabetes may be largely explained by increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol but not by other biomarkers. Ignoring exposure-mediator interactions may result in bias. The difference and G-estimation methods provide similar results. 
PURPOSE: A recent study showed that increased blood glucose variability was an independent predictor of mortality in cardiac arrest survivors treated with therapeutic hypothermia (TH). We hypothesized that the association of blood glucose variability with outcomes would differ depending on the TH phase, as body temperature affects glucose homeostasis. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of 147 consecutive cardiac arrest patients treated with TH was analyzed. Mean absolute glucose change (MAGC) was calculated using blood glucose values during the entire TH period and during each TH phase (induction, from the TH initiation to the achievement of the target temperature; maintenance, 24 hours from the end of induction; and rewarming, from the end of the maintenance to the achievement of 36.5C). The primary and secondary outcomes were mortality and neurological outcome at 30 days. Multivariate regression analyses were performed with variables with a significance level <0.1 on univariate analyses. RESULTS: The hypoglycemia rate increased significantly during the rewarming phase compared with the maintenance phase (P = .003). The MAGC during the TH maintenance phase was an independent predictor of mortality (OR = 1.056, 95% CI 1.008-1.107, P = .023) and unfavorable neurologic outcome (OR = 1.202, 95% CI 1.043-1.384, P = .038), while the MAGC during the rewarming phase and the entire TH period were not. CONCLUSION: The increased MAGC during the TH maintenance phase was associated with mortality and unfavorable neurologic outcome. However, this study cannot prove a causal association due to the retrospective design. In addition, we showed that the hypoglycemia rate increased significantly during the rewarming phase. 
Metabonomics is an important platform for investigating the metabolites of integrated living systems and their dynamic responses to changes caused by both endogenous and exogenous factors. A metabonomics strategy based on liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry in both positive and negative ion modes was applied to investigate the short-term and long-term stability of metabolites in plasma. Principal components analysis and ten types of identified metabolites were used to summarize the time-dependent change rules in metabolites systematically at different temperatures. The long-term stability of metabolites in plasma specimens stored at -80 C for five years was also studied. Analysis of these subjects identified 36 metabolites with statistically significant changes in expression (p < 0.05) and found a kind of metabolite with a hundred-fold change. The stability of metabolites in blood at 4 C for 24 h was also investigated. These studies show that a thorough understanding of the effects of metabolite stability are necessary for improving the reliability of potential biomarkers.
BACKGROUND: Sensitization to cockroach is one of the strongest identified risk factors for greater asthma morbidity in low-income urban communities; however, the timing of exposures relevant to the development of sensitization has not been elucidated fully. Furthermore, exposure to combustion byproducts, including polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), can augment the development of allergic sensitization. OBJECTIVE: We sought to test the hypotheses that domestic cockroach allergen measured prenatally would predict cockroach sensitization in early childhood and that this association would be greater for children exposed to higher PAH concentrations. METHODS: Dominican and African American pregnant women living in New York City were enrolled. In the third trimester expectant mothers wore personal air samplers for measurement of 8 nonvolatile PAHs and the semivolatile PAH pyrene, and dust was collected from homes for allergen measurement. Glutathione-S-transferase  1 (GSTM1) gene polymorphisms were measured in children. Allergen-specific IgE levels were measured from the children at ages 2, 3, 5, and 7 years. RESULTS: Bla g 2 in prenatal kitchen dust predicted cockroach sensitization at the ages of 5 to 7 years (adjusted relative risk [RR], 1.15; P = .001; n = 349). The association was observed only among children with greater than (RR, 1.22; P = .001) but not less than (RR, 1.07; P = .24) the median sum of 8 nonvolatile PAH levels. The association was most pronounced among children with higher PAH levels and null for the GSTM1 gene (RR, 1.54; P = .001). CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal exposure to cockroach allergen was associated with a greater risk of allergic sensitization. This risk was increased by exposure to nonvolatile PAHs, with children null for the GSTM1 mutation particularly vulnerable. 
BACKGROUND: Metabolite levels within an individual vary over time. This within-individual variability, coupled with technical variability, reduces the power for epidemiologic studies to detect associations with disease. Here, the authors assess the variability of a large subset of metabolites and evaluate the implications for epidemiologic studies. METHODS: Using liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC/MS) and gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC/MS) platforms, 385 metabolites were measured in 60 women at baseline and year-one of the Shanghai Physical Activity Study, and observed patterns were confirmed in the Prostate, Lung, Colorectal, and Ovarian Cancer Screening study. RESULTS: Although the authors found high technical reliability (median intraclass correlation = 0.8), reliability over time within an individual was low. Taken together, variability in the assay and variability within the individual accounted for the majority of variability for 64% of metabolites. Given this, a metabolite would need, on average, a relative risk of 3 (comparing upper and lower quartiles of "usual" levels) or 2 (comparing quartiles of observed levels) to be detected in 38%, 74%, and 97% of studies including 500, 1,000, and 5,000 individuals. Age, gender, and fasting status factors, which are often of less interest in epidemiologic studies, were associated with 30%, 67%, and 34% of metabolites, respectively, but the associations were weak and explained only a small proportion of the total metabolite variability. CONCLUSION: Metabolomics will require large, but feasible, sample sizes to detect the moderate effect sizes typical for epidemiologic studies. IMPACT: We offer guidelines for determining the sample sizes needed to conduct metabolomic studies in epidemiology. 
BACKGROUND: Different healthy food patterns may modify cardiometabolic risk. We investigated the effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, blood pressure and inflammatory markers in people with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: We conducted a randomized dietary study lasting for 18-24 weeks in individuals with features of metabolic syndrome (mean age 55 years, BMI 31.6 kg m(-2) , 67% women). Altogether 309 individuals were screened, 200 started the intervention after 4-week run-in period, and 96 (proportion of dropouts 7.9%) and 70 individuals (dropouts 27%) completed the study, in the Healthy diet and Control diet groups, respectively. Healthy diet included whole-grain products, berries, fruits and vegetables, rapeseed oil, three fish meals per week and low-fat dairy products. An average Nordic diet served as a Control diet. Compliance was monitored by repeated 4-day food diaries and fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids. RESULTS: Body weight remained stable, and no significant changes were observed in insulin sensitivity or blood pressure. Significant changes between the groups were found in non-HDL cholesterol (-0.18, mmol L(-1) 95% CI -0.35; -0.01, P = 0.04), LDL to HDL cholesterol (-0.15, -0.28; -0.00, P = 0.046) and apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A1 ratios (-0.04, -0.07; -0.00, P = 0.025) favouring the Healthy diet. IL-1 Ra increased during the Control diet (difference -84, -133; -37 ng L(-1) , P = 0.00053). Intakes of saturated fats (E%, beta estimate 4.28, 0.02; 8.53, P = 0.049) and magnesium (mg, -0.23, -0.41; -0.05, P = 0.012) were associated with IL-1 Ra. CONCLUSIONS: Healthy Nordic diet improved lipid profile and had a beneficial effect on low-grade inflammation. 
Measurements of cerebral blood flow (CBF) show large variability among healthy subjects. The aim of the present study was to investigate the relative effect of established factors influencing CBF on the variability of resting CBF. We retrospectively analyzed spontaneous variability in 430 CBF measurements acquired in 152 healthy, young subjects using (133)Xe single-photon emission computed tomography. Cerebral blood flow was correlated positively with both end-tidal expiratory PCO (PETCO) and female gender and inversely with hematocrit (Hct). Between- and within-subject CO reactivity was not significantly different. Including PETCO, Hct and gender in the model reduced between-subject and within-subject variance by 14% and 13.5%, respectively. Within-subject variability was mainly influenced by PETCO and between-subject variability mostly by Hct, whereas gender appeared to be of little added value when Hct was also accounted for. The present study confirms large between-subject variability in CBF measurements and that gender, Hct, and PETCO explain only a small part of this variability. This implies that a large fraction of CBF variability may be due to unknown factors such as differences in neuron density or metabolism that could be subject for further studies.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The physiological changes that occur during fasting are not completely understood, regardless of the cause for fasting (for example, medical, lifestyle, religious, political or famine). The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of a 48-h fast on heart rate variability (HRV) and cortisol levels in healthy young female volunteers. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 16 young healthy female volunteers underwent 48 h of total fasting under 24-h medical surveillance. Psychological (subjective feeling of hunger) as well as physiological data (HRV, diurnal cortisol profiles) were measured upon admission (Day 1), and after 24 (Day 2) and 48 h (Day 3) of fasting. RESULTS: There was a measured weight loss from Day 1 to Day 3 that resulted in significant body mass index (BMI) reduction across all subjects (P<0.001). The slope of the diurnal cortisol profile significantly shifted towards lower values from baseline to the end of experiment (P=0.002). HRV during resting showed a significant (P<.001) decrease in standard deviation of the normal-to-normal interval (SDNN) and root mean square of successive differences (RMSSDs) from Day 1 to Day 3 of the experiment, with a small increase after 24 h that did not reach statistical significance. A 48 h of fasting also induced a significant (P<.001) decrease of mean interbeat intervals (IBIs), SDNN, RMSSD and log high-frequency (HF) power during head-up tilt testing. CONCLUSIONS: An acute (48 h) total fast induced parasympathetic withdrawal with simultaneous sympathetic activation. These changes appear to reflect stress. Further studies are needed to demonstrate the specificity of these changes to fasting. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine whether subgroups of type 1 diabetic patients with different glucose variability indices respond differently to continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) in terms of reduced hypoglycemic events. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 50 adults with long-standing type 1 diabetes switched to CSII because of persistently high A1C or frequent hypoglycemia despite well-managed intensive basal-bolus therapy. We compared A1C, hypoglycemic events, and glucose variability from self-monitoring of blood glucose profiles at baseline and after 6 months of CSII. Regression analysis was performed to identify predictors of response. RESULTS: In multivariate analysis, baseline low blood glucose index (LBGI) was the best independent predictor of hypoglycemia outcome on CSII (R(2) = 0.195, P = 0.0013). An ROC curve analysis demonstrated a sensitivity of 70.8% (95% CI 48.9-87.4) and specificity of 73.1% (52.2-88.4) by using the LBGI cutoff of 3.34 as predictor of reduction of hypoglycemia on CSII. By grouping patients by LBGI tertiles, we found a 23.3% reduction in hypoglycemic events (<60 mg/dL [3.3 mmol/L]) in the third tertile (range 4.18-9.34) without change in A1C (P < 0.05). Conversely, the first tertile (range 0.62-2.05) demonstrated the greatest A1C reduction, -0.99% (P = 0.00001), but with increasing hypoglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Baseline LBGI predicts the outcome of type 1 diabetic patients who switch to CSII in terms of hypoglycemia. 
Allan-Herndon-Dudley syndrome (AHDS), an X linked condition, is characterized by severe intellectual disability, dysarthria, athetoid movements, muscle hypoplasia and spastic paraplegia in combination with altered TH levels, in particular, high serum T3 levels. Mutations in the MCT8 gene coding for the monocarboxylate thyroid hormone transporter 8 have been associated with AHDS. Here we describe a family with the presence of a MCT8 gene mutation, p.A224T, in three consecutive generations. In two generations its presence was detected in the hemizygous state in two males with neurological abnormalities including mental retardation, axial hypotonia, hypertonia of arms and legs and athetoid movements. One of them presented normal thyroid hormone levels. Mutation was also detected, although in the heterozygous state, in three females showing thyroid hormone levels in the normal range. Our results show the difficulty of distinguishing AHDS from patients with X-linked intellectual disability solely on the basis of clinical features and biochemical tests, and we advise screening for MCT8 mutations in either young or older patients with severe intellectual disability, axial hypotonia/dystonia, poor head control, spastic paraplegia, and athetoid movements even when they have normal thyroid hormone profiles.
Considering the scarcity of data on the relationship between hemoglobin, serum retinol and habitual meat consumption in the elderly, a cross-sectional population-based study was performed, which was representative of the population of a state capital in Northeastern Brazil, including 176 elderly aged between 60 and 90 years, who responded to questionnaires about habitual food consumption and socioeconomic aspects. Blood counts and serum retinol analyses were carried out. The prevalence of anemia was 9.58%, and 96% of elderly showing adequate serum retinol levels. The consumption of vitamin A and iron was adequate in 93.75% and 85%, respectively. There was no correlation between serum retinol and hemoglobin values (p=0.56), and as expected, there was a positive association between meat consumption and hemoglobin (p=0.02). Based on results obtained in this study, it was concluded that the maintenance of adequate vitamin A and meat intake in this population should be encouraged, which appears to be an effective intervention strategy to achieve appropriate serum retinol and hemoglobin values, and hence lower iron deficiency anemia rates.
Steroid hormone levels in human urine are convenient and sensitive indicators for the impact of phthalates and/or bisphenol A (BPA) exposure on the human steroid hormone endocrine system. In this study, a rapid and sensitive method for determination of 14 phthalate metabolites, BPA, and ten endogenous steroid hormones in urine was developed and validated on the basis of ultra-performance liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray ionization triple quadrupole mass spectrometry. The optimized mixed-mode solid phase-extraction separated the weakly acidic or neutral BPA and steroid hormones from acidic phthalate metabolites in urine: the former were determined in positive ion mode with a methanol/water mobile phase containing 10 mM ammonium formate; the latter were determined in negative ion mode with a acetonitrile/water mobile phase containing 0.1 % acetic acid, which significantly alleviated matrix effects for the analysis of BPA and steroid hormones. Dansylation of estrogens and BPA realized simultaneous and sensitive analysis of the endogenous steroid hormones and BPA in a single chromatographic run. The limits of detection were less than 0.84 ng/mL for phthalate metabolites and less than 0.22 ng/mL for endogenous steroid hormones and BPA. This proposed method had satisfactory precision and accuracy, and was successfully applied to the analyses of human urine samples. This method could be valuable when investigating the associations among endocrine-disrupting chemicals, endogenous steroid hormones, and relevant adverse outcomes in epidemiological studies.
The available information on the effect of excess dietary magnesium on male reproduction is inadequate, though consumption of hard water rich in magnesium salt is not uncommon in many geographical areas. The present study has thus been undertaken to evaluate the morphological as well as cytological and functional changes in testis of magnesium administered sexually mature male Wistar rats. Significant increase in the activities of androgenic enzymes viz. delta(5)3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase and 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase with concomitant increase in serum testosterone level, followed by progressive development in cytoarchitechture of genital organs, without any significant alteration in quantitative spermatogenesis were observed. The results were more marked in the groups treated for longer duration. The results further suggests that the changes that occurred after excessive magnesium in testis were not for the enhanced adrenocortical activities or for the generation of oxidative stress in reproductive organs, but for the direct action of excess magnesium on male gonads. Magnesium supplementation thus has an apparent beneficial effect on male gonadal system.
Because the plasma exposure levels of rosuvastatin in Asians are generally twice those in Caucasians, the starting dose for Asians in the United States is set to half of that for non-Asians. However, the precise role of ethnicity in the clearance of rosuvastatin has not yet been clarified. This review focuses on ethnic variability in the clinical pharmacokinetics of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl co-enzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase inhibitors (statins) and angiotensin II receptor antagonists. The mechanisms of such variability are discussed quantitatively, with building a hypothetical model for pravastatin, and validated against other statins. Our analyses suggest that the ethnic variability in the plasma exposure of statins cannot be explained only by the difference in the allele frequencies of organic anion-transporting polypeptide (OATP)1B1 and breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP), and the intrinsic ethnic variability in the activity of OATP1B1 (the ratio of Japanese/Caucasians is 0.584) must be considered. Further work and validation with additional data will clarify the applicability of this model to other OATP1B1 substrates.
AIMS: Analysis of ethyl glucuronide (EtG), a minor metabolite of ethanol, is a valid tool for the assessment of social and chronic excessive alcohol consumption. Standardized analysis of EtG is usually done in head hair. As head hair cannot always be provided, alternative hair matrices become more and more interesting. Therefore, a study was performed that compared the intra-individual EtG concentrations in scalp hair and non-head hair (chest, arm, leg and axillary hair). METHODS: Hair samples were collected from 68 subjects undergoing an expert assessment for fitness to drive. Aqueous extracts of the hair matrix were cleaned by solid-phase extraction, using an Oasis MAX column. EtG was first derivatized with perfluoropentanoic anhydride and then quantified by GC-MS/MS in negative chemical ionization mode, using EtG-d5 as internal standard. RESULTS: For categorizing drinking behaviour, the two EtG cut-off values recommended by the Society of Hair Testing were applied for all different hair types. For chest, arm and leg hair, correct classification ratios were >83%. This corresponds to sensitivity values >78% and specificities >75%. Such values indicate together with  coefficients (r) > 0.7 a high correlation of the categorization of the drinking behaviour based on these body hair EtG concentrations compared with the indexing based on scalp hair EtG-values. However, it must be taken into consideration that the time frame represented by non-head hair may extend way back. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that chest, arm and leg hair can be a valid alternative to assess the drinking behaviour of a subject if head hair is not available; whereas axillary hair is not suitable as alternative matrix. 
Toxicological studies showed that trihalomethanes (THMs), the most abundant classes of disinfection by-products (DBPs) in drinking water, impaired male reproductive health, but epidemiological evidence is limited and inconsistent. This study aimed to examine the associations of baseline blood THMs with semen parameters and serum total testosterone in a Chinese population. We recruited 401 men seeking semen examination from the Reproductive Center of Tongji Hospital in Wuhan, China between April 2011 and May 2012. Baseline blood concentrations of THMs, including chloroform (TCM), bromodichloromethane (BDCM), dibromochloromethane (DBCM), and bromoform (TBM) were measured using SPME-GC/ECD method. Semen quality and serum total testosterone were analyzed. Multivariable linear regressions were used to assess the associations of baseline blood THM concentrations with semen parameters and serum total testosterone levels. We found that baseline blood THM concentrations were not associated with decrements in sperm motility, sperm straight-line and curvilinear velocity. However, moderate levels of BDCM (=-0.13 million; 95% CI: -0.22, -0.03) and DBCM (=-4.74%; 95% CI: -8.07, -1.42) were associated with decreased sperm count and declined sperm linearity compared with low levels, respectively. Suggestive dose-response relationships were also observed between elevated blood TCM or  THMs (sum of TCM, BDCM, DBCM and TBM) concentration and decreased sperm concentration (both p for trend=0.07), and between elevated blood DBCM concentration and decreased serum total testosterone (p for trend=0.07). Our results indicate that elevated THM exposure may lead to decreased sperm concentration and serum total testosterone. However, the effects of THM exposure on male reproductive health still warrant further studies in humans.
BACKGROUND: Folate status, as reflected by red blood cell (RCF) and plasma folates (PF), is related to health and disease risk. Folate degradation products para-aminobenzoylglutamate (pABG) and para-acetamidobenzoylglutamate (apABG) in 24 hour urine have recently been shown to correlate with blood folate. AIM: Since blood sampling and collection of 24 hour urine are cumbersome, we investigated whether the determination of urinary folate catabolites in fasted spot urine is a suitable non-invasive biomarker for folate status in subjects before and during folic acid supplementation. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: Immediate effects of oral folic acid bolus intake on urinary folate catabolites were assessed in a short-term pre-study. In the main study we included 53 healthy men. Of these, 29 were selected for a 12 week folic acid supplementation (400 g). Blood, 24 hour and spot urine were collected at baseline and after 6 and 12 weeks and PF, RCF, urinary apABG and pABG were determined. RESULTS: Intake of a 400 g folic acid bolus resulted in immediate increase of urinary catabolites. In the main study pABG and apABG concentrations in spot urine correlated well with their excretion in 24 hour urine. In healthy men consuming habitual diet, pABG showed closer correlation with PF (rs=0.676) and RCF (rs=0.649) than apABG (rs=0.264, ns and 0.543). Supplementation led to significantly increased folate in plasma and red cells as well as elevated urinary folate catabolites, while only pABG correlated significantly with PF (rs=0.574) after 12 weeks. CONCLUSION: Quantification of folate catabolites in fasted spot urine seems suitable as a non-invasive alternative to blood or 24 hour urine analysis for evaluation of folate status in populations consuming habitual diet. In non-steady-state conditions (folic acid supplementation) correlations between folate marker (RCF, PF, urinary catabolites) decrease due to differing kinetics. 
BACKGROUND: Past body weight may be a more informative factor than current weight for risk of chronic disease development. Often, investigators must rely on subject recall to gauge past body weights. The Cincinnati Weight History Questionnaire (CWHQ) was developed to aid in the retrospective identification of adults who were obese during adolescence. METHODS: To assess validity, the CWHQ was administered to a subset of National Heart, Lung, and Blood Growth and Health Study (NGHS) participants, a group of young adult females for whom historical measured anthropometrics were available. One hundred ninety-eight NGHS participants were contacted, of whom 191 (97%) responded (age 26-29). Participants were asked to recall height and weight from ages 13 and 18, which were compared to previously measured values. Multiple indices of validity (Bland-Altman plots, sensitivity, and specificity) were calculated. RESULTS: The CWHQ was moderately sensitive (range, 19-66%), but highly specific (range, 89-100%). Recalled height and weight values used to determine body mass index (BMI) underestimated BMI based on recorded height and weight at ages 13 and 18. Differences in calculated BMI based on recalled and measured height and weight were found to increase with BMI calculated using measured values. CONCLUSIONS: The CWHQ proved to be a moderately sensitive, but highly specific instrument for detecting adolescent obesity in a cohort of young adult females. Epidemiologic research seeking to discriminate between adults with adult-onset vs. adolescent-onset obesity may find the CWHQ useful. 
Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in developed countries. Plasma cholesterol level is a key risk factor in CVD pathogenesis. Genetic and dietary variation both influence plasma cholesterol; however, little is known about dietary interactions with genetic variants influencing the absorption and transport of dietary cholesterol. We sought to determine whether gut expressed variants predicting plasma cholesterol differentially affected the relationship between dietary and plasma cholesterol levels in 1,128 subjects (772/356 in the discovery/replication cohorts, respectively). Four single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within three genes (APOB, CETP, and NPC1L1) were significantly associated with plasma cholesterol in the discovery cohort. These were subsequently evaluated for gene-by-environment (GxE) interactions with dietary cholesterol for the prediction of plasma cholesterol, with significant findings tested for replication. Novel GxE interactions were identified and replicated for two variants: rs1042034, an APOB Ser4338Asn missense SNP and rs2072183 (in males only), a synonymous NPC1L1 SNP in linkage disequilibrium with SNPs 5' of NPC1L1. This study identifies the presence of novel GxE and gender interactions implying that differential gut absorption is the basis for the variant associations with plasma cholesterol. These GxE interactions may account for part of the "missing heritability" not accounted for by genetic associations.
Untargeted metabolomic analyses of plasma and red blood cells (RBCs) can provide complementary information on biomarkers of food consumption. To assess blood collection differences in biomarkers, fasting blood was drawn from 10 healthy individuals using sodium citrate and lithium heparin as anticoagulants. Plasma and RBCs were separated into aqueous and lipid fractions to be analyzed using 1D and 2D (1)H NMR spectroscopy. Fatty acids were analyzed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Polyphenols were extracted from plasma and RBCs by micro-elution solid-phase extraction and analyzed by ultra performance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS). (1)H NMR demonstrated higher aqueous metabolites such as glucose in plasma compared to RBCs, while RBCs contained higher ADP-ATP, creatine and acetone than plasma. Lipoproteins and their subclasses were higher in plasma than in RBCs. Percentages of saturated fatty acids (SFA) 16:0, 17:0, 20:0, 24:0 and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) 22:6 n-3 (docosahexaenoic acid) and 20:4 n-6 (arachidonic acid) were higher in RBCs than in plasma (p < 0.05), while SFA 14:0, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) 14:1 n-5, 16:1 n-7, 17:1 n-7 and 18:1 n-9 and PUFA 18:3 n-3, 18:2 n-6, 18:3 n-6 and 20:3 n-6 were higher in plasma than in RBCs (p < 0.05). Polyphenols differed in plasma from those of RBCs. Biomarker concentrations were lower in sodium citrate compared to lithium heparin plasma. In conclusion, metabolomic profiles generated by NMR spectroscopy, GC-MS and UPLC-MS/MS analyses of RBCs versus plasma show complementary information on several specific molecular biomarkers that could be applied in nutritional assessment.
Fish represents source of nutrients and major dietary vehicle of lipophilic persistent contaminants. The study compared the effects of two legacy and two emerging fish pollutants (Hexabromocyclododecane HBCD; 2,2',4,4'-Tetrabromodiphenyl ether BDE-47; 2,2',4,4',5,5'-Hexachlorobiphenyl PCB-153; 2,3,7,8-Tetrachlorodibenzo-p-doxin TCDD) in juvenile female mice exposed through a salmon based rodent diet for 28 days (dietary doses: HBCD 199 mg/kg bw/day; BDE-47 450 g/kg bw/day; PCB-153 195 g/kg bw/day; TCDD 90 ng/kg bw/day). Dose levels were comparable to previously reported developmental Lowest Observed Adverse Effect Levels. None of the treatments elicited signs of overt toxicity, but HBCD increased relative liver weight. All compounds caused changes in liver, thymus and thyroid; spleen was affected by BDE-47 and PCB-153; no effects were seen in uterus and adrenals. Strongest effects in thyroid follicles were elicited by PCB-153, in thymus and liver by BDE-47. HBCD and BDE-47 induced liver fatty changes, but appeared to be less potent in the other tissues. HBCD, BDE-47 and TCDD increased serum testosterone levels and the testosterone/estradiol ratio, suggesting a potential involvement of pathways related to sex steroid biosynthesis and/or metabolism. The results support the role of toxicological studies on juvenile rodents in the hazard characterization of chemicals, due to endocrine and/or immune effects.
OBJECTIVE: Intervention studies on the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) have often led to weight loss, which may have contributed to the purported anti-inflammatory effects of the MedDiet. To investigate the impact of the MedDiet consumed under controlled feeding conditions before (-WL) and after weight loss (+WL) on markers of inflammation in men with metabolic syndrome (MetS). DESIGN AND METHODS: Subjects (N = 26, male, 24-65 years) with MetS first consumed a North American control diet for 5 weeks followed by a MedDiet for 5 weeks both in isocaloric feeding conditions. After a 20-week weight loss period in free-living conditions (10  3% reduction in body weight, P < 0.01), participants consumed the MedDiet again under isocaloric-controlled feeding condition for 5 weeks. RESULTS: MedDiet - WL significantly reduced plasma C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations (-26.1%, P = 0.02) and an arbitrary inflammatory score (-9.9%, P = 0.01) that included CRP, interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-18, and tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-) compared with the control diet. The MedDiet + WL significantly reduced plasma IL-6 (-20.7%) and IL-18 (-15.6%, both P  0.02) concentrations compared with the control diet but had no further significant impact on plasma CRP concentration. Participants with a reduction in waist circumference 8.5 cm after MedDiet + WL showed significantly greater reductions in inflammation markers than those with a change in waist circumference <8.5 cm. CONCLUSIONS: Thus, consuming MedDiet even in the absence of weight loss significantly reduces inflammation. However, the degree of waist circumference reduction with weight loss magnifies the impact of the MedDiet on other markers of inflammation associated with MetS in men. 
The nuclear factor E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1) pathway upregulates antioxidant and biotransformation enzyme expression to counter cellular oxidative stress. The contributions of Nrf2 to other cellular functions, such as lipid homeostasis, are emerging. This study was conducted to determine how enhanced Nrf2 activity influences the progression of metabolic syndrome with long-term high-fat diet (HFD) feeding. C57BL/6 and Keap1-knockdown (Keap1-KD) mice, which exhibit enhanced Nrf2 activity, were fed a HFD for 24 weeks. Keap1-KD mice had higher body weight and white adipose tissue mass compared to C57BL/6 mice on HFD, along with increased inflammation and lipogenic gene expression. HFD feeding increased hepatic steatosis and inflammation to a greater extent in Keap1-KD mice compared to C57BL/6 mice, which was associated with increased liver Cd36, fatty acid-binding protein 4, and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 mRNA expression, as well as increased acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 and stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 protein expression. The HFD altered short-term glucose homeostasis to a greater degree in Keap-KD mice compared to C57BL/6 mice, which was accompanied by downregulation of insulin receptor substrate 1 mRNA expression in skeletal muscle. Together, the results indicate that Keap1 knockdown, on treatment with HFD, increases certain markers of metabolic syndrome. 
In this study, magnetic carbon nanotubes (MCNTs) were prepared by assembling magnetic nanoparticles onto the acid-treated multiwall carbon nanotubes (MWCNTs). Due to their excellent adsorption capability, the MCNTs were used as adsorbent of magnetic solid-phase extraction (MSPE) to extract phthalate monoesters (PMEs), the main biomarkers of phthalate exposure, from human urine. By coupling MSPE with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS), a reliable, sensitive and cost-effective method for the simultaneous determination of five main PMEs including monomethyl phthalate (MMP), monoethyl phthalate (MEP), mono n-butyl phthalate (MBP), mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (MEHP) and monobenzyl phthalate (MBzP) was developed. The factors that could influence the extraction, including the amount of magnetic nanoparticles, pH of sample solution, extraction and desorption time, the amount of salt addition, the type and volume of desorption solvent were investigated in detail. Under optimized conditions, the LODs and LOQs achieved were in the range of 0.025-0.050 and 0.125-0.250 ng mL(-1) respectively. And calibration curves were linear (r(2)0.992) over the concentration ranges from 0.250 to 250 ng mL(-1). In addition, a satisfying reproducibility was achieved by evaluating the intra- and inter-day precisions with relative standard deviations (RSDs) less than 11.2% and 11.4%, respectively. The recoveries of the five PMEs ranged from 92.6% to 98.8% with the RSDs less than 10.7%. Finally, the established MSPE-GC-MS method was successfully applied to determine PMEs in human urine samples. MMP, MEP, MBP and MEHP were detected in most of the samples with the median concentration of 8.46, 9.26, 13.60, and 5.95 ng mL(-1) respectively. MBzP was detected in 58.3% of the samples with the median concentration of 3.05 ng mL(-1). Taken together, the MSPE-GC-MS method developed in current study provides a new option for the determination of PMEs in human urine.
There is growing evidence from epidemiological studies that dietary protein may beneficially influence blood pressure (BP), but findings are inconclusive. We performed a meta-analysis of 29 observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of dietary protein and types of protein in relation to BP or incident hypertension, published until January 2012. The analysis included eight cross-sectional studies (n=48985), four prospective studies (n=11761) and 17 RCTs (n=1449). A modest inverse association between total protein intake and BP (-0.20mmHg systolic (95% CI: -0.39, -0.01) per 25g (1s.d.)) was found in cross-sectional studies, but not in prospective studies (relative risk of 0.99 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.02)). For RCTs that used carbohydrate as a control treatment, the pooled BP effect was -2.11mmHg systolic (95% CI: -2.86, -1.37) for a weighed mean contrast in protein intake of 41g per day. A non-significant inverse association of -0.52mmHg systolic (95% CI: -1.10, +0.05) per 11g (1s.d.) was found for plant protein in cross-sectional studies, whereas animal protein was not associated with BP. In prospective studies and RCTs, however, the associations of plant protein and animal protein with BP were broadly similar. These findings suggest that increasing the intake of protein at the expense of carbohydrates may have a beneficial effect on BP. The BP effect of specific types of protein remains to be established. 
BACKGROUND: Water balance is achieved when water intake from solid and fluid foods and drinking water meets water losses, mainly in sweat, urine and faeces. Seasonality, particularly in Mediterranean countries that have a hot summer, may affect water loss and consequently water balance. Water balance has not been estimated before on a population level and the effect of seasonality has not been evaluated. The present study aimed to compare water balance, intake and loss in summer and winter in a sample of the general population in Greece. METHODS: The Water Balance Questionnaire (WBQ) was used to evaluate water balance, estimating water intake and loss in summer (n=480) and in winter (n=412) on a stratified sample of the general population in Athens, Greece. RESULTS: In winter, mean (SD) water balance was -63(1478)mL/day(-1) , mean (SD)water intake was 2892(987)mL/day(-1) and mean (quartile range) water loss was 2637 (1810-3922)mL/day(-1) . In summer, mean (SD) water balance was -58(2150)mL/day(-1) , mean (SD) water intake was 3875(1373)mL/day(-1) and mean (quartile range) water loss was 3635 (2365-5258)mL/day(-1) . Water balance did not differ between summer and winter (P=0.96); however, the data distribution was different; in summer, approximately 8% more participants were falling in the low and high water balance categories. Differences in water intake from different sources were identified (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Water balance in summer and winter was not different. However, water intake and loss were approximately 40% higher in summer than in winter. More people were falling in the low and high water balance categories in summer when comparing the distribution on water balance in winter. 
Impact of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on mental and motor development has been investigated in various children cohorts, but findings show temporal inconsistencies. Because a direct comparison of results obtained from different cohorts remains difficult, temporal relationship between biological PCB concentrations and long-term developmental effects is still not clearly established. The objective of this research was to use a procedure previously developed to standardize PCB biological concentration data across cohorts in order to perform a systematic analysis of temporal associations between prenatal PCB exposure and mental and motor development from neonatal period (or a young age) until school age. Prenatal exposure data from nine cohorts were standardized in terms of total PCBs per kg of lipids in maternal plasma. Systematic analysis of the "standardized biological concentration-development" relationship during follow-up of each cohort was then conducted through the application of Hill criteria. This led to retain six of the studied cohorts in the final analysis. A biological level of prenatal PCB exposure below which risk of mental or motor development should be negligible was established in the order of 1000g/kg of lipids in maternal plasma.
BACKGROUND: Few studies have examined the relationship of -linolenic acid (ALA 18:3n-3), an intermediate-chain essential n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid derived from plants and vegetable oils, with incident atrial fibrillation (AF). METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population included participants from the Cardiovascular Health Study, a community-based longitudinal cohort of adults aged 65 or older, free of prevalent coronary heart disease and atrial fibrillation. We assessed the associations of plasma phospholipid and dietary ALA with incident AF using Cox regression. The biomarker analysis comprised a total of 2899 participants, and the dietary analysis comprised 4337 participants. We found no association of plasma phospholipid ALA and incident AF. Comparing each of the second, third, and fourth quartiles to the lowest quartile, the hazard ratios for AF were 1.11 (95% CI, 0.90 to 1.37), 1.09 (95% CI, 0.88 to 1.35), and 0.92 (95% CI, 0.74 to 1.15), after adjustment for age, sex, race, clinic, education, smoking, alcohol, body mass index, waist circumference, diabetes, heart failure, stroke, treated hypertension, and physical activity (P trend=0.48). When dietary ALA was considered the exposure of interest, results were similar. CONCLUSIONS: Results from this prospective cohort study of older adults indicate no association of plasma phospholipid or dietary ALA and incident AF. 
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic evidence suggests that fruit consumption may lower the risk of cardiovascular diseases through blood pressure (BP)-lowering effects; little is known on the independent effect of raw fruit and fruit juice on BP. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to quantify associations of raw fruit and fruit juice consumption with BP by using cross-sectional data from the INTERnational study on MAcro/micronutrients and blood Pressure (INTERMAP) of 4680 men and women aged 40-59 y from Japan, China, the United Kingdom, and the United States. DESIGN: During 4 visits, 8 BP, four 24-h dietary recalls, and two 24-h urine samples were collected. Country-specific multivariate-controlled linear regression coefficients, including adjustment for urinary sodium excretion, were estimated and pooled, weighted by inverse of their variance. RESULTS: The average total raw fruit consumption varied from a mean  SD of 52  65 g/1000 kcal in the United States to 68  70 g/1000 kcal in China. Individual raw fruit intake was not associated with BP in pooled analyses for all countries or in participants from Western countries, although a positive association with diastolic BP was observed in East Asian participants (per 50 g/1000 kcal; 0.37 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.71). Positive relationships with diastolic BP were found for citrus fruit intake in Western consumers (per 25 g/1000 kcal; 0.47 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.12, 0.81) and for apple intake in East Asian consumers (0.40 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.78). Among East Asian banana consumers, banana intake was inversely associated with diastolic BP (-1.01 mm Hg; 95% CI: -1.88, -0.02). Fruit juice intake, which was negligible in Asia, was not related to BP in Western countries. CONCLUSION: Consistent associations were not found between raw fruit and fruit juice consumption of individuals and BP. This observational study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00005271. 
BACKGROUND: Strenuous exercise has been classically associated to immune-suppression and consequently to an increased risk of infections, especially at the upper respiratory tract. The administration of dietary nucleotides has been demonstrated useful to maintain the immune function in situations of stress and thus could be an appropriate strategy to counteract the decline of the immune function associated to strenuous exercise. The aim of the present study was to asses the impact of a specific nucleotide formulation (Inmunactive) on the markers of immune function of athletes after a heavy exercise bout under cold conditions. METHODS: Twenty elite male taekwondo athletes were randomly divided into two groups of 10 subjects that were supplemented with placebo (P) or Inmunactive (I) at 480 mg/day during 30 days. At baseline (day 0) and after 4 wk of supplementation (day 30) each subject undertook an exhaustion exercise test using a cycloergometer. Skin temperature, core temperature, heart rate, lactate concentration and rating of perceived exertion (RPE) were recorded during the test. Blood and saliva samples were obtained before and after each exercise test for determination of blood cell concentrations, PHA-stimulated lymphocyte proliferation (PHA-LP) and salivary immunoglobulin A (SIgA). RESULTS: Exercise tests induced neutrophilia and reduction in lymphocyte blood counts on day 0 and on day 30 in both groups. However, the I group exhibited a faster recovery from the lymphopenic response than the P group, so that lymphocyte levels were higher after 150 min (P<0.0028). Furthermore, the lymphoproliferative response was modulated by nucleotide supplementation, since it was higher in the I group on day 30 despite an almost significant (P<0.06) exercise-evoked decrease at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that supplementation with a nucleotide-based product for 4 weeks could counteract the impairment of immune function after heavy exercise. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire is a patient-completed instrument designed to assess goal attainment in the behavioral or pharmacologic treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), including overactive bladder (OAB). The SAGA questionnaire allows patients to identify and rank the importance of treatment goals before treatment is initiated; the follow-up SAGA questionnaire quantifies the achievement of these patient-identified goals. The objective of this qualitative research was to confirm the content validity of the German, Spanish, Swedish, and English (UK) language versions of the SAGA questionnaire in patients with OAB with or without other LUTS. METHODS: The SAGA questionnaire was translated to each language in accordance with a well-established forward and backward harmonization method. Patient interviews were then conducted according to a cognitive debriefing methodology. Qualitative analysis of patients' input allowed assessment of content validity of each linguistically adapted SAGA questionnaire. RESULTS: All patients (n=29; six to eight per targeted country) found the SAGA questionnaire easy to understand and to complete. Most patients completed the nine prespecified (fixed) treatment goals and were able to add up to five personal goals in the open-ended portion and rate each goal by importance. Differences were identified in how the various languages communicated some of the concepts assessed with the SAGA questionnaire. Rewording of the translated versions of the questionnaire was necessary in some cases. CONCLUSIONS: This linguistic content validation study in four European languages indicates that SAGA is a comprehensive, easy-to-understand, and relevant questionnaire for patient-completed evaluation of LUTS/OAB symptoms and treatment goal attainment. 
OBJECTIVE: In short-term feeding trials, replacement of other macronutrients with monounsaturated fatty acid reduces blood pressure. However, observational studies have not clearly demonstrated a relationship between monounsaturated fatty acid intake and blood pressure. We report associations of monounsaturated fatty acid intake of individuals with blood pressure in a cross-sectional study. METHODS: The International Study of Macro/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure is a cross-sectional epidemiologic study of 4680 men and women ages 40-59 years from 17 population samples in China, Japan, UK and USA. Nutrient intake data were based on four in-depth multipass 24-h dietary recalls/person and two-timed 24-h urine collections/person. Blood pressure was measured eight times at four visits. RESULTS: Mean monounsaturated fatty acid intake ranged from 8.1%kcal (China) to 12.2%kcal (USA). With sequential models to control for possible confounders (dietary, other), linear regression analyses showed significant inverse relationship of total monounsaturated fatty acid intake with DBP for all participants; for 2238 'nonintervened' individuals, the relationship was stronger. Estimated DBP differences with 2-SD higher monounsaturated fatty acids (5.35%kcal) were -0.82mmHg (P<0.05) for all participants and -1.70mmHg (P<0.01) for nonintervened individuals. Inverse associations of dietary total oleic acid (main monounsaturated) with blood pressure in nonintervened individuals were not significant, but those of oleic acid from vegetable sources were stronger and significant (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Dietary monounsaturated fatty acid intake, especially oleic acid from vegetable sources, may contribute to prevention and control of adverse blood pressure levels in general populations. 
BACKGROUND: Cushing's disease (CD) is a rare disorder of chronic hypercortisolism due to an adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH)-secreting pituitary corticotroph adenoma. Because hypercortisolism symptoms are wide ranging, it is important to assess a variety of outcomes including both clinical factors, such as cortisol levels, and health-related quality of life (HR-QOL), to better understand the severity and impact of CD on patients and the potential efficacy of CD treatment. Pasireotide, a somatostatin analog that targets somatostatin receptors on the pituitary adenoma, is under development as a treatment for CD. A phase III clinical trial was conducted to investigate its safety and efficacy in patients with CD. In this trial, HR-QOL was assessed with the Cushing's Quality-of-Life (CushingQOL) questionnaire, specifically developed and validated in patients with Cushing's syndrome. OBJECTIVE: Reliability, validity, the ability to detect change, and a minimal important difference (MID) were evaluated for the CushingQOL questionnaire using data from patients diagnosed with CD who participated in the phase III clinical trial designed to assess the safety and efficacy of different doses of pasireotide. METHODS: Adult patients (n=162) with CD participated in a randomized, double-blind, multinational, phase III clinical trial. Patients received subcutaneous pasireotide (600g or 900g) twice daily for 3months (double blind). After 3months, some patients were unblinded based on their mean urinary free cortisol (mUFC) levels and were given the chance to increase their dosage, while the other patients remained blinded. At month 6, an open-label 6-month period began. The CushingQOL questionnaire was self-administered four times (baseline [n=160], and at months 3 [n=134], 6 [n=113], and 12 [n=76]). A confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) was conducted. Reliability estimates were calculated for internal consistency (coefficient alpha) and test retest (intraclass correlation coefficients [ICCs]) for patients with stable hypercortisolism at month 3 and month 6. Construct validity hypotheses (correlations), mean differences in known groups (ANOVAs), and responsiveness effect sizes (Guyatt's) were estimated based on measures of cortisol, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, weight, facial rubor (redness), striae (stretch marks), bruising, supraclavicular fat pad, dorsal fat pad, and results of the Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II). The half-standard deviation distribution method was used to estimate MID. RESULTS: CFA loadings supported a one-factor solution for the CushingQOL questionnaire items. Internal consistency reliability (0.87-0.88) and ICCs (0.87) were high. Construct validity hypotheses were in the anticipated direction. Changes in CushingQOL scores were moderately correlated with changes in mUFC levels, in BMI, and in weight. Mean scores for minimally depressed patients were significantly higher (indicating better HR-QOL) than for severely depressed patients. Moderate Guyatt's responsiveness effect sizes were observed for patients who achieved reductions in weight, BMI, and waist circumference. Using the half-standard deviation method, an estimate of the MID was computed as 10.1. CONCLUSIONS: This study provided evidence within the context of a longitudinal design that the CushingQOL questionnaire is a reliable, valid, and responsive instrument for the assessment of HR-QOL in adults with CD in accordance with recommendations set forth by regulatory agencies in the USA and Europe. 
Biochemical indicators of water-soluble vitamin (WSV) status were measured in a nationally representative sample of the U.S. population in NHANES 2003-2006. To examine whether demographic differentials in nutritional status were related to and confounded by certain variables, we assessed the association of sociodemographic (age, sex, race-ethnicity, education, income) and lifestyle (dietary supplement use, smoking, alcohol consumption, BMI, physical activity) variables with biomarkers of WSV status in adults (aged  20 y): serum and RBC folate, serum pyridoxal-5'-phosphate (PLP), serum 4-pyridoxic acid, serum total cobalamin (vitamin B-12), plasma total homocysteine (tHcy), plasma methylmalonic acid (MMA), and serum ascorbic acid. Age (except for PLP) and smoking (except for MMA) were generally the strongest significant correlates of these biomarkers (|r|  0.43) and together with supplement use explained more of the variability compared with the other covariates in bivariate analysis. In multiple regression models, sociodemographic and lifestyle variables together explained from 7 (vitamin B-12) to 29% (tHcy) of the biomarker variability. We observed significant associations for most biomarkers ( 6 of 8) with age, sex, race-ethnicity, supplement use, smoking, and BMI and for some biomarkers with PIR (5 of 8), education (1 of 8), alcohol consumption (4 of 8), and physical activity (5 of 8). We noted large estimated percentage changes in biomarker concentrations between race-ethnic groups (from -24 to 20%), between supplement users and nonusers (from -12 to 104%), and between smokers and nonsmokers (from -28 to 8%). In summary, age, sex, and race-ethnic differentials in biomarker concentrations remained significant after adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle variables. Supplement use and smoking were important correlates of biomarkers of WSV status.
This study investigated the effect of one-week consumption of 165 g/day fresh blue honeysuckle berries (208 mg/day anthocyanins) in 10 healthy volunteers. At the end of intervention, levels of benzoic (median 1782 vs 4156), protocatechuic (709 vs 2417), vanillic (2779 vs 4753), 3-hydroxycinnamic (143 vs 351), p-coumaric (182 vs 271), isoferulic (805 vs 1570), ferulic (1086 vs 2395), and hippuric (194833 vs 398711 g/mg creatinine) acids by LC/MS were significantly increased in the urine. Clinical chemistry safety markers were not altered. Oxidative stress markers, erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase (0.73 vs 0.88 U/g Hb) and catalase (2.5 vs 2.8 kat/g Hb) activities, and erythrocyte/plasma thiobarbituric acid reactive substance (522 vs 612/33 vs 38 mol/g Hb/protein) levels were significantly increased, without change in plasma antioxidant status. Nonsignificant changes of advanced oxidation protein products and oxidized LDL were observed. The results provide a solid base for further study of metabolite excretion and antioxidant parameters after ingestion of anthocyanins.
Women in the United States have breast milk concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) that are among the highest in the world, leading to concerns over the potential health implications to breastfeeding infants during critical stages of growth and development. Developing cost-effective and sustainable methods for assessing chemical exposures in infants is a high priority to federal agencies and local communities. PBDE data are available in nationally representative serum samples but not in breast milk. As a method to predict PBDE concentrations in U.S. breast milk, we present the development of congener-specific linear regression partitioning models and their application to U.S. serum data. Models were developed from existing paired milk and serum data and applied to 2003-2004 NHANES serum data for U.S. women. Highest estimated median U.S. breast milk concentrations were for BDE-47 (30.6 ng/g lipid) and BDE-99 (6.1 ng/g lipid) with the median concentration of 7PBDEs estimated at 54.2 ng/g lipid. Predictions of breast milk PBDE concentration were consistent with reported concentrations from 11 similarly timed U.S. studies. When applied to NHANES data, these models provide a sustainable method for estimating population-level concentrations of PBDEs in U.S. breast milk and should improve exposure estimates in breastfeeding infants.
BACKGROUND: Evidence for an association between calcium intake and risk of cardiovascular death remains controversial. By assessing dietary intake, use of supplements, and serum levels of calcium, we aimed to disentangle this link in the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III). METHODS: Mortality linkage of NHANES III to death certificate data for those aged 17 years or older (n=20,024) was used to estimate risk of overall cardiovascular death as well as death from ischemic heart disease (IHD), acute myocardial infarction (AMI), heart failure (HF), and cerebrovascular disease (CD) with multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression analysis. RESULTS: About 10.0% of the population died of cardiovascular disease and the majority (5.4%) died of IHD. There was increased risk of overall CVD death for those in the bottom 5% of serum calcium compared to those in the mid 90% (HR: 1.51 (95% CI: 1.03-2.22)). For women there was a statistically significant increased risk of IHD death for those with serum calcium levels in the top 5% compared to those in the mid 90% (HR: 1.72 (95%CI: 1.13-2.61)), whereas in men, low serum calcium was related to increased IHD mortality (HR: 2.32 (95% CI 1.14-3.01), Pinteraction: 0.306). No clear association with CVD death was observed for dietary or supplemental calcium intake. CONCLUSIONS: Calcium as assessed by serum concentrations is involved in cardiovascular health, though differential effects by sex may exist. No clear evidence was found for an association between dietary or supplementary intake of calcium and cardiovascular death. 
Many antihypertensive medications and lifestyle changes are proven to reduce blood pressure. Over the past few decades, numerous additional modalities have been evaluated in regard to their potential blood pressure-lowering abilities. However, these nondietary, nondrug treatments, collectively called alternative approaches, have generally undergone fewer and less rigorous trials. This American Heart Association scientific statement aims to summarize the blood pressure-lowering efficacy of several alternative approaches and to provide a class of recommendation for their implementation in clinical practice based on the available level of evidence from the published literature. Among behavioral therapies, Transcendental Meditation (Class IIB, Level of Evidence B), other meditation techniques (Class III, Level of Evidence C), yoga (Class III, Level of Evidence C), other relaxation therapies (Class III, Level of Evidence B), and biofeedback approaches (Class IIB, Level of Evidence B) generally had modest, mixed, or no consistent evidence demonstrating their efficacy. Between the noninvasive procedures and devices evaluated, device-guided breathing (Class IIA, Level of Evidence B) had greater support than acupuncture (Class III, Level of Evidence B). Exercise-based regimens, including aerobic (Class I, Level of Evidence A), dynamic resistance (Class IIA, Level of Evidence B), and isometric handgrip (Class IIB, Level of Evidence C) modalities, had relatively stronger supporting evidence. It is the consensus of the writing group that it is reasonable for all individuals with blood pressure levels >120/80 mm Hg to consider trials of alternative approaches as adjuvant methods to help lower blood pressure when clinically appropriate. A suggested management algorithm is provided, along with recommendations for prioritizing the use of the individual approaches in clinical practice based on their level of evidence for blood pressure lowering, risk-to-benefit ratio, potential ancillary health benefits, and practicality in a real-world setting. Finally, recommendations for future research priorities are outlined.
BACKGROUND: Recent evidence indicates that chronic heart failure (CHF) is accompanied by both activation of the immune system and autonomic imbalance. There is a growing body of evidence that increased levels of proinflammatory cytokines and other inflammatory markers have important roles as mediators of disease progression and markers of mortality in patients with CHF. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate connection between autonomic imbalance [obtained by analysis of heart rate variability (HRV)] and activation of the immune system [as measured by serum levels of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-] in patients with chronic heart failure. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 21 patients with CHF and 8 age- and gender-matched healthy control subjects. We assessed HRV by 24-hour electrocardiographic Holter monitoring and measured serum levels of TNF- using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Clinical assessment and echocardiography were also performed. RESULTS: There was an inverse correlation between serum level of TNF- and a time-domain parameter of HRV - SDNN (r=-0.542, p<0.05). A similar result was found for HRV triangular index, a geometric measure of HRV (r=-0.556; p<0.05). The correlation was stronger for subjects with a diabetes mellitus, females, and TNFA2 allele carriers (an "A" at position -308A). The pNN50, indirect marker of cardiac vagal activity, was not significantly associated with serum concentration of TNF-. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, the results of the present study indicate that increased serum TNF- level is significantly associated with reduced HRV indices, suggesting that activation of the immune system in patients with CHF is closely related to autonomic imbalance. 
Isoflavones have been associated with lower cardiovascular disease risk, but existing research focused on very high isoflavone intakes, as seen in Asian populations, as well as on risk factor reductions primarily in postmenopausal women. We investigated whether habitual low isoflavone intake among premenopausal women was associated with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration, a commonly used biomarker associated with prediction of cardiovascular disease risk in healthy women. Between 2005 and 2007, 259 healthy, regularly menstruating women were enrolled in the BioCycle Study, and followed for up to 2 menstrual cycles. CRP was measured in serum at up to 16 clinic visits, timed to phases of the women's menstrual cycle. Diet was assessed up to 4 times per cycle by using 24-h recalls. Marginal structural models with inverse probability of exposure weights estimated the association between CRP and quartiles of isoflavone intake adjusted for age, race, BMI, cycle phase, total energy intake, total fiber, total whole grains, and phase-specific hormone concentrations including estradiol, progesterone, luteinizing hormone, and follicle-stimulating hormone. Compared with the lowest quartile of total isoflavone intake, women in the highest quartile had, on average, 27% lower serum CRP concentrations (95% CI: -35, -21%). Our results suggest that dietary isoflavone intakes at levels characteristic of the U.S. population are associated with decreased serum CRP concentrations, a factor associated with beneficial effects on inflammation, and subsequently may have the potential to improve health status among young women.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationships between tibial bone lead and serum polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) concentrations and neurocognitive function. METHODS: The study population consisted of men and women former capacitor workers had been employed by the General Electric Corporation between 1946 and 1977. Regression analyses evaluated the association between neurocognitive function and lipid-adjusted serum PCB and tibia lead concentrations. RESULTS: Tibia lead, but not serum PCBs, was significantly correlated with deficits in neurocognitive function. Women showed more associations between tibia lead and neurocognitive function than men, especially regarding executive function. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that low levels of tibia lead, but not serum PCBs, are associated with neurocognitive deficits and that postmenopausal women show a greater number of deficits in executive function than men. 
Total daily intakes of diethyl phthalate (DEP), di(n-butyl) phthalate (DnBP), di(isobutyl) phthalate (DiBP), butyl benzyl phthalate (BBzP) and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) were calculated from phthalate metabolite levels measured in the urine of 431 Danish children between 3 and 6 years of age. For each child the intake attributable to exposures in the indoor environment via dust ingestion, inhalation and dermal absorption were estimated from the phthalate levels in the dust collected from the child's home and daycare center. Based on the urine samples, DEHP had the highest total daily intake (median: 4.42 g/d/kg-bw) and BBzP the lowest (median: 0.49 g/d/kg-bw). For DEP, DnBP and DiBP, exposures to air and dust in the indoor environment accounted for approximately 100%, 15% and 50% of the total intake, respectively, with dermal absorption from the gas-phase being the major exposure pathway. More than 90% of the total intake of BBzP and DEHP came from sources other than indoor air and dust. Daily intake of DnBP and DiBP from all exposure pathways, based on levels of metabolites in urine samples, exceeded the Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI) for 22 and 23 children, respectively. Indoor exposures resulted in an average daily DiBP intake that exceeded the TDI for 14 children. Using the concept of relative cumulative Tolerable Daily Intake (TDI(cum)), which is applicable for phthalates that have established TDIs based on the same health endpoint, we examined the cumulative total exposure to DnBP, DiBP and DEHP from all pathways; it exceeded the tolerable levels for 30% of the children. From the three indoor pathways alone, several children had a cumulative intake that exceeded TDI(cum). Exposures to phthalates present in the air and dust indoors meaningfully contribute to a child's total intake of certain phthalates. Such exposures, by themselves, may lead to intakes exceeding current limit values.
Adiponectin, an adipocyte-derived hormone has been implicated in the control of blood glucose and chronic inflammation in type 2 diabetes. However, limited studies have evaluated dietary factors on plasma adiponectin levels, especially among type 2 diabetic patients in Malaysia. The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of dietary glycemic index on plasma adiponectin concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. A cross-sectional study was conducted in 305 type 2 diabetic patients aged 19-75 years from the Penang General Hospital, Malaysia. Socio-demographic information was collected using a standard questionnaire while dietary details were determined by using a pre-validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometry measurement included weight, height, BMI and waist circumference. Plasma adiponectin concentrations were measured using a commercial ELISA kit. Data were analyzed using multiple linear regression. After multivariate adjustment, dietary glycemic index was inversely associated with plasma adiponectin concentrations ( =-0.272, 95% CI -0.262, - 0.094; p<0.001). It was found that in individuals who consumed 1 unit of foods containing high dietary glycemic index that plasma adiponectin level reduced by 0.3 g/mL. Thirty two percent (31.9%) of the variation in adiponectin concentrations was explained by age, sex, race, smoking status, BMI, waist circumference, HDL-C, triglycerides, magnesium, fiber and dietary glycemic index according to the multiple linear regression model (R2=0.319). These results support the hypothesis that dietary glycemic index influences plasma adiponectin concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. Controlled clinical trials are required to confirm our findings and to elucidate the underlying mechanism.
Phthalates, which are ubiquitous in the environment, are readily metabolized in human bodies to their respective monoesters. These phthalate monoesters are non-persistent with short half-lives, which make them the ideal biomarkers of human exposure to phthalates. In this study a direct analysis method without preconcentration was developed and validated for the following phthalate ester metabolites in urine: mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate, mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate, monobenzyl phthalate, mono-isobutylphthalate, mono-n-butyl phthalate and monoethyl phthalate. The recovery of the phthalate ester metabolites varied between 97% and 104%. The intraday precision for the replicate analysis (n=10) of a urine sample did not exceed 5% for most of the compounds. The coefficient of variance amounted to 2-3%. The limit of quantification was set equal to 0.5g/L for the majority of the compounds. A comparison between the direct analysis method and a foregoing solid phase extraction (SPE) of the urine sample was made. Finally, the applicability of the direct analysis method was tested in three interlaboratory comparisons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are widespread environmental pollutants that are formed in combustion processes. At the cellular level, exposure to PAHs causes oxidative stress and/or some of it congeners bind to DNA, which may interact with mitochondrial function. However, the influence of these pollutants on mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) content remains largely unknown. We determined whether indoor exposure to PAHs is associated with mitochondrial damage as represented by blood mtDNA content. Blood mtDNA content (ratio mitochondrial/nuclear DNA copy number) was determined by real-time qPCR in 46 persons, both in winter and summer. Indoor PAH exposure was estimated by measuring PAHs in sedimented house dust, including 6 volatile PAHs and 8 non-volatile PAHs. Biomarkers of oxidative stress at the level of DNA and lipid peroxidation were measured. In addition to the epidemiologic enquiry, we exposed human TK6 cells during 24 h at various concentrations (range: 0 to 500 M) of benzo(a)pyrene and determined mtDNA content. Mean blood mtDNA content averaged ( SD) 0.95  0.185. The median PAH content amounted 554.1 ng/g dust (25(th)-75(th) percentile: 390.7-767.3) and 1385 ng/g dust (25(th)-75(th) percentile: 1000-1980) in winter for volatile and non-volatile PAHs respectively. Independent for gender, age, BMI and the consumption of grilled meat or fish, blood mtDNA content decreased by 9.85% (95% CI: -15.16 to -4.2; p = 0.002) for each doubling of non-volatile PAH content in the house dust in winter. The corresponding estimate for volatile PAHs was -7.3% (95% CI: -13.71 to -0.42; p = 0.04). Measurements of oxidative stress were not correlated with PAH exposure. During summer months no association was found between mtDNA content and PAH concentration. The ability of benzo(a)pyrene (range 0 M to 500 M) to lower mtDNA content was confirmed in vitro in human TK6 cells. Based on these findings, mtDNA content can be a target of PAH toxicity in humans.
BACKGROUND: Folate plays a critical role in nucleotide synthesis and DNA methylation, and was considered to be associated with anti-carcinogenesis. RESULTS: from studies that concern the relationship between the folate intake or serum folate levels and lung cancer risk showed no consistency, which requires our further comprehensive meta-analysis. METHODS: Systematic literature search was conducted to identify the relevant studies (published prior to February 2013) according to standard protocol. Estimated effects were calculated under both random-effects and fixed-effects models. Heterogeneity between studies and publication bias were also evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 4390 cases and 6138 controls from 6 case-control studies revealed a significant overall inverse association between folate intake and lung cancer risk (OR = 0.74, 95%CI = 0.65 - 0.84, P < 0.001). Summary of 1438 cases and 2582 controls from 4 case-control studies and 44 cases out of a cohort of 1988 participants suggested a marginal association without significance (OR = 0.78, 95%CI = 0.60 - 1.02, P = 0.075) between high serum folate levels and less lung cancer susceptibility; however, subgroup analysis about population-based case-control studies showed that high serum folate levels significantly associated with the reduced lung cancer risk (OR = 0.76, 95%CI = 0.58 - 1.00, P = 0.048). CONCLUSION: Higher folate intake can be a protective factor against lung cancer risk, and higher serum folate level is probably associated with reduced lung cancer risk in marginal manner, though more studies are warranted to confirm these associations. 
BACKGROUND: Hyperuricemia (too much uric acid in the blood) is the predisposing condition for gout and is associated with hypertriglyceridemia, diabetes mellitus, and coronary artery disease. Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzo-furans (PCDD/Fs) cause renal toxicity and elevate uric acid. The aim of this analysis was to investigate and clarify the effect of moderate-to-high PCDD/F exposure on hyperuricemia risk. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, we recruited 1531 healthy participants living near a deserted pentachlorophenol factory. We measured serum levels of 17 2,3,7,8-substituted PCDD/Fs, and then examined associations between the main predictor variable, serum TEQ(DF-2005) (total PCDD/Fs 2005 World Health Organization [WHO] toxic equivalency [TEQ]), and dependent variables such as uric acid, glomerular filtration rates, and hyperuricemia risk. RESULTS: We observed a strong monotonic inverse relationship between serum TEQ(DF-2005) quartiles and the estimated glomerular filtration rate after adjusting for confounding factors (Men:  were 0, -4.7, -6.2, and -14.8; Women:  were 0, -6.7, -12.9, and -21.5). In addition, we observed a suggestive positive trend between serum TEQDF-2005 quartiles and uric acid only in men after adjusting for confounding factors (Men:  were 0, 0.40, 0.36, and 0.59; P for trend <0.05). Men with serum TEQ(DF-2005) higher than the reference group's (<7.4 pg WHO(2005)-TEQ(DF/g) lipid) had a higher hyperuricemia risk after adjusting for confounding factors (25th to <50th percentile, adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 2.20 [95% confidence interval {CI} = 1.30-3.73]; 50th to <75th percentile, AOR = 1.86 [95% CI = 1.08-3.22];  75th percentile, AOR = 3.00 [95% CI = 1.69-5.31]). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that serum TEQ(DF-2005) is an important determinant of serum uric acid levels and heightens the risk of hyperuricemia in general populations. 
Aflatoxin B1 is a persistent public health issue in Ghana. Assessment of AFB1 intervention efficacy is currently dependent on long-term biomarkers. This study was designed to determine whether daily AFM1 biomarker levels could be utilized as an early detection method for intervention efficacy. Participants were treated with a refined calcium montmorillonite clay (UPSN) or a placebo (calcium carbonate) in a crossover study. Urine samples were assessed for AFM1 levels daily. UPSN treatment reduced AFM1 biomarkers by 55% compared to the placebo. This is the first study to show that daily urinary AFM1 levels can be used as a biomarker of internal aflatoxin B1 exposure in short-term intervention trials to determine efficacy.
BACKGROUND: Vitamin D may affect the severity of HCV-related liver disease. AIM: To examine the association between serum vitamin D levels and advanced liver disease in a multiethnic US cohort of HCV patients, and account for dietary and supplemental intake. METHODS: We measured serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and used FibroSURE-ActiTest to assess hepatic pathology in a cohort of HCV-infected male veterans. We estimated and adjusted for daily intake of vitamin D from diet using a Dietary History Questionnaire, and dispensed prescriptions prior to study enrolment. We used race-stratified logistic regression analyses to evaluate the relationship between serum vitamin D levels and risk of advanced fibrosis (F3/F4-F4) and advanced inflammation (A2/A3-A3). RESULTS: A total of 163 African American (AA) and 126 White non-Hispanics were studied. Overall, ~44% of AAs and 15% of Whites were vitamin D deficient (<12ng/mL) or insufficient (12-19ng/mL); 4% of AAs and 9% of White patients had an elevated level (>50ng/mL). Among AAs, patients with elevated serum vitamin D levels had significantly higher odds of advanced fibrosis (OR=12.91, P=0.03) than those with normal levels. In contrast, AAs with insufficient or deficient levels had > two-fold excess risk of advanced inflammation (P=0.06). Among White males there was no association between vitamin D levels and advanced fibrosis (F3/F4-F4) or inflammation (A2/A3-A3) risk. CONCLUSIONS: We observed potential differences in the association between vitamin D levels and degree of HCV-related hepatic fibrosis between White and African American males. Additional research is necessary to confirm that high serum vitamin D levels may be associated with advanced fibrosis risk in African American males, and to evaluate whether racial differences exist in HCV-infected females. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Metabolic syndrome (MetS), characterized by abdominal obesity, atherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, and insulin resistance is a major public health concern in the United States. Omega-3 fatty acids have been relatively well studied in relation to many individual cardiovascular risk factors; however, their effects on MetS are not well established. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study consisting of 4941 participants from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) Family Heart Study to assess the relation of dietary omega-3 fatty acids with the prevalence of MetS. Omega-3 intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire and we used generalized estimating equations to estimate adjusted odds ratios for prevalent MetS. RESULTS: Our study population had a mean age (SD) of 52.1 (13.9) years and 45.9% were men. The mean (SD) of dietary omega-3 fatty acids was 0.25 g/day (0.27). From the lowest to the highest quintile of dietary omega-3 fatty acids, multivariable adjusted ORs (95% CI) for MetS were 1.00 (ref), 0.90 (0.72-1.13), 1.03 (0.82-1.28), 0.94 (0.74-1.18), and 0.99 (0.77-1.25), respectively. In a secondary analysis, neither fish consumption nor dietary alpha-linolenic acid was associated with MetS. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings do not support an association between dietary omega-3 fatty acids and MetS in a large US population. 
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) are well known environmental carcinogens. PAH metabolites, especially BaP-7,8- dihydrodiol, 9,10 epoxide, initiate carcinogenesis via high specificity binding to DNA to form DNA adducts. The Korean red ginseng (KRG) from Panax ginseng has been suggested to protect against damages due to PAH exposure but the mechanism is unknown. Therefore, we investigated effects of KRG on PAH exposure using toxicokinetic methods and changes of PAH-induced oxidative damage during a 2 week-clinical trial (n=21 healthy young female, 23.712.43 years). To analyze antioxidative effects of KRG, we measured changes in the levels of urinary malondialdehyde (MDA) before and after KRG treatment. We observed a significant positive association between levels of urinary MDA and 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker of PAH exposures (slope=1.47, p=0.03) and confirmed oxidative stress induced by PAH exposures. A reverse significant correlation between KRG treatment and level of urinary MDA was observed (p=0.03). In summary, results of our clinical trial study suggest that KRG plays a significant role in antioxidative as well as toxicokinetic pathways against PAHs exposure.
BACKGROUND: Prenatal exposure to persistent organic pollutants, e.g. polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) has been suggested to negatively affect birth weight although epidemiological evidence is still inconclusive. We investigated if prenatal exposure to PCBs and PBDEs is related to birth weight in a Swedish population with background exposure. METHODS: Breast milk was sampled during the third week after delivery from first-time mothers in Uppsala county, Sweden 1996-2010 (POPUP cohort) (N=413). Samples were analysed for di-ortho PCBs (CB-138, 153, 180) and tetra- to hexa- brominated PBDEs (BDE-47, 99, 100, 153). Simple and multiple linear regression models were used to investigate associations between lipid-adjusted, ln-transformed PCB and PBDE concentrations, and birth weight. Covariates included in the multivariate regression model were PCB and PBDE exposure, maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, weight gain during pregnancy, education, smoking, gender of the infant and gestational length. The effect of including fish consumption was also investigated. RESULTS: In the multivariate model, prenatal exposure to di-ortho PCBs was significantly associated with increased birth weight (=137; p=0.02). The result did not change when gestational length was added to the model. An inverse association between PBDE(4) (sum of BDE-47, -99, -100 and -153) and birth weight was observed in the multivariate model including gestational length (=-106; p=0.04). Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and weight gain during pregnancy were important confounders of the association between di-ortho PCBs and birth weight. The associations were not alleviated after adjustment for fish consumption, a major source of PCB and PBDE exposure. The observed associations were stronger for boys than for girls. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that prenatal exposure to di-ortho PCBs and PBDE(4) may influence birth weight in different directions, i.e. PCB exposure was associated with higher birth weight and PBDE exposure with lower birth weight. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and weight gain during pregnancy were important confounders that may hide positive association between di-ortho PCB exposure and birth weight if they are not included in the statistical model. We speculate that even small PCB- and PBDE-induced shifts in the distribution of birth weight may influence future public health in populations with background exposure. 
UNLABELLED: Idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) results in increased right ventricular (RV) workload and oxygen demand. It has been shown that myocardial oxygen consumption (MVO2) of the hypertrophied right ventricle of IPAH patients can be measured using PET and (15)O-labeled tracers. This method is, however, not very suitable for routine clinical practice. The purpose of the present study was to assess whether MVO2 can also be determined in the right ventricle of IPAH patients from the clearance of (11)C-acetate, a simple method that is in use for MVO2 measurements of the left myocardium. METHODS: Seventeen of 26 IPAH patients performed the total PET study. Nine other patients were scanned only for (11)C-acetate. (15)O-H2O, (15)O-O2, and (15)O-CO scans were used to derive RV flow, oxygen extraction fraction, and blood volume, respectively, from which RV MVO2 was calculated. The rate of clearance determined by monoexponential curve fitting (K(mono)) and the efflux rate constant k2 were derived from the (11)C-acetate scan. The RV rate-pressure product was also determined by means of right heart catheterization, as an index of the RV MVO2, and was calculated as the product of systolic pulmonary artery pressure and heart rate. RESULTS: Both (11)C-acetate clearance rates, K(mono) (R(2) = 0.41, P = 0.006) and k2 (R(2) = 0.45, P = 0.003), correlated with RV MVO2. They also correlated with RV rate-pressure product (K(mono), R(2) = 0.41, P = 0.0005; k2, R(2) = 0.48, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: (11)C-acetate clearance rates correlated moderately with quantitative RV MVO2 measurements in IPAH. Therefore, (11)C-acetate PET can be used only as an index of RV oxidative metabolism in IPAH patients. 
REASONS FOR PERFORMING STUDY: There is little published information on whether measurement of plasma ACTH concentration at a single timepoint is a repeatable indicator of pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction (PPID). OBJECTIVES: To determine whether ultradian or circadian fluctuations in ACTH production influence plasma ACTH concentration in normal horses and horses with PPID. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective observational study. METHODS: Plasma ACTH concentration in 8 non-PPID horses and 8 horses with PPID was measured at 08.00, 11.00, 14.00 and 17.00 h on 5 nonconsecutive days within a 3 week period. In addition, at 08.30 h on one day, 6 samples were collected from each horse at precisely 5 min intervals over a period of 25 min. Descriptive and graphical analysis was performed and a linear mixed effects model was fitted to assess the effect of time of day on ACTH concentration in non-PPID and PPID horses. RESULTS: Evidence of ultradian fluctuation in ACTH production was not identified in either non-PPID or PPID horses. Evidence for circadian fluctuation was identified in non-PPID horses; plasma ACTH concentrations were highest at 08.00 h and decreased through the day. There was no evidence of circadian fluctuation in PPID horses. In non-PPID horses, the magnitude of circadian changes in ACTH concentration was smaller than variations in concentration that occurred at random. Intrahorse variability of ACTH concentration was greater in PPID horses than in non-PPID horses. CONCLUSIONS: Ultradian and circadian fluctuations in ACTH concentration are unlikely to influence clinical decision making; however, variations of potential clinical relevance do occur in individual horses, for reasons that remain to be determined, and increase in magnitude with progression of PPID. Results of the current study indicate that when an ACTH concentration between 19 and 40 pg/ml is measured, further testing should be considered to increase the accuracy of PPID diagnosis. 
Acrylamide (AA) is a probable human carcinogen found in several foods. Little information is available regarding exposure of adolescents, a subgroup potentially consuming more AA-rich foods. We investigated the relationship between dietary AA intake and levels of biomarkers of exposure (urinary metabolites and hemoglobin adducts) in 195 non-smoking teenagers of Montreal Island aged 10-17 years. Dietary habits and personal characteristics were documented by questionnaire. AA and its metabolites were quantified in 12-h urine collections by LC-MS/MS. Hemoglobin adducts from 165 blood samples were also analyzed by LC-MS/MS. Most prevalent urinary metabolites were NACP and NACP-S, with respective geometric mean concentrations of 31.2 and 14.2mol/mol creatinine. Geometric mean concentrations of AAVal and GAVal (hemoglobin adducts of AA and glycidamide (GA) with N-terminal valine residues) were 45.4 and 45.6pmol/g globin, respectively. AA intake during the 2 days before urine collection was a significant predictor of NACP+NACP-S urinary concentrations (P<0.0001). AA intakes during the month before blood collection (P<0.0001) and passive smoking (P<0.05) were associated with adduct levels. Levels of hemoglobin adducts were above biomonitoring equivalent values corresponding to a 1  10(-4) excess cancer risk, which may indicate the need to reduce AA exposure in the population. 
Butyrylcholinesterase (BuChE) activity is associated with activated astrocytes in Alzheimer's disease brain. The BuChE-K variant exhibits 30%-60% reduced acetylcholine (ACh) hydrolyzing capacity. Considering the increasing evidence of an immune-regulatory role of ACh, we investigated if genetic heterogeneity in BuChE affects cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) biomarkers of inflammation and cholinoceptive glial function. Alzheimer's disease patients (n = 179) were BCHE-K-genotyped. Proteomic and enzymatic analyses were performed on CSF and/or plasma. BuChE genotype was linked with differential CSF levels of glial fibrillary acidic protein, S100B, interleukin-1, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-. BCHE-K noncarriers displayed 100%-150% higher glial fibrillary acidic protein and 64%-110% higher S100B than BCHE-K carriers, who, in contrast, had 40%-80% higher interleukin-1 and 21%-27% higher TNF- compared with noncarriers. A high level of CSF BuChE enzymatic phenotype also significantly correlated with higher CSF levels of astroglial markers and several factors of the innate complement system, but lower levels of proinflammatory cytokines. These individuals also displayed beneficial paraclinical and clinical findings, such as high cerebral glucose utilization, low -amyloid load, and less severe progression of clinical symptoms. In vitro analysis on human astrocytes confirmed the involvement of a regulated BuChE status in the astroglial responses to TNF- and ACh. Histochemical analysis in a rat model of nerve injury-induced neuroinflammation, showed focal assembly of astroglial cells in proximity of BuChE-immunolabeled sites. In conclusion, these results suggest that BuChE enzymatic activity plays an important role in regulating intrinsic inflammation and activity of cholinoceptive glial cells and that this might be of clinical relevance. The dissociation between astroglial markers and inflammatory cytokines indicates that a proper activation and maintenance of astroglial function is a beneficial response, rather than a disease-driving mechanism. Further studies are needed to explore the therapeutic potential of manipulating BuChE activity or astroglial functional status.
BACKGROUND: Patients with thrice-weekly hemodialysis have higher predialysis weights and ultrafiltration rates at the first compared with subsequent dialysis sessions of the week. We hypothesized that these variations in weight and ultrafiltration rate are associated with a systematic difference in blood pressure. STUDY DESIGN: Observational study. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: During 3 months, we prospectively collected hemodynamic data for 4,007 hemodialysis sessions involving 124 Dutch patients. A similar analysis was performed with 789 US patients, comprising 6,060 hemodialysis sessions. FACTOR: First versus subsequent hemodialysis sessions of the week. OUTCOMES: Blood pressure. MEASUREMENTS: Blood pressure, weight, and ultrafiltration rate were analyzed separately for the first, second, and third dialysis sessions of the week. Comparisons were made with linear mixed models. RESULTS: In Dutch patients, predialysis weight and ultrafiltration rate were significantly greater at the first compared with subsequent hemodialysis sessions of the week (P < 0.001). Predialysis systolic and diastolic blood pressures were higher at the first than at subsequent sessions of the week (P < 0.001). Predialysis blood pressure differences persisted throughout the session: systolic and diastolic blood pressures were on average 5.0 and 2.5 mm Hg higher during the first compared to the third session of the week. Postdialysis blood pressures followed a similar pattern (P < 0.001). Blood pressure differences between the first and subsequent days of the week persisted after adjustment for possible confounders. Results in the US cohort were materially identical despite differences in patient characteristics and treatment practice between the 2 cohorts. LIMITATIONS: Dry weight was not assessed by objective methods. CONCLUSIONS: Blood pressure of patients on a thrice-weekly dialysis schedule varies systematically over the week. Predialysis blood pressure is highest at the first hemodialysis session of the week, most likely due to greater interdialytic weight gain. Intra- and postdialytic blood pressures also are highest at the first session of the week despite higher ultrafiltration rates. 
BACKGROUND: Alterations in lymphocyte subpopulations are present in several immune diseases, and clinicians and researchers recognise the importance of investigating the distribution and changes in lymphocyte subsets over relatively long periods of time in order to evaluate the effectiveness of treatment and follow the course of disease. Yet further insight is required on the biological variability (BV) of lymphocyte subsets, which is crucial to the correct interpretation of longitudinal changes and provides essential information for setting desirable quality specifications and defining the usefulness of reference values. METHODS: Four-colour-flow cytometry was used to investigate the BV of lymphocyte populations (LP) in the peripheral blood of 20 healthy adults recruited from our laboratory staff and followed for three months. The total lymphocyte count was measured, and the relative frequencies determined for T-cells (CD3+), T-helper cells (CD3+CD4+), cytolytic T-cells (CD3+CD8+), B-cells (CD3-CD19+), NK-cells (CD3-CD16+/56+), non-MHC restricted cytolytic T-cells (CD3+CD56+) and activated T-cells (CD3+HLA-DR+). RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Data on the components of BV were applied to set quality specifications for allowable precision, bias and total error. Analytical performances were established, and they were more than desirable for all the markers considered in our study. By comparing within-subject and between-subjects BV, we were able to define the uselessness of reference ranges in the evaluation of changes in CD serial results. Data on within-subject BV and analytical precision were thus used to determine the reference change values, in order to identify the significance of changes in serial results. The findings made in the present study provide further evidence of the relevance of BV in the evaluation of immunological markers of LP. 
SCOPE: The study aims to evaluate the status of dietary exposure to aflatoxin and fumonisin in young Tanzanian children, using previously validated biomarkers of exposure. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 148 children aged 12-22 months, were recruited from three geographically distant villages in Tanzania; Nyabula, Kigwa, and Kikelelwa. Plasma aflatoxin-albumin adducts (AF-alb) and urinary fumonisin B1 (UFB1) were measured by ELISA and LC-MS, respectively. AF-alb was detectable in 84% of children, was highest in fully weaned children (p < 0.01) with higher levels being associated with higher maize intake (p < 0.05). AF-alb geometric mean (95% CI) was 43.2 (28.7-65.0), 19.9 (13.5-29.2), and 3.6 (2.8-4.7) pg/mg albumin in children from Kigwa, Nyabula, and Kikelelwa, respectively. UFB1 was detectable in 96% of children and the level was highest in children who had been fully weaned (p < 0.01). The geometric UFB1 mean (95% CI) was 327.2 (217.1-493.0), 211.7 (161.1-278.1), and 82.8 (58.3-117.7) pg/mL in Kigwa, Nyabula, and Kikelelwa, respectively. About 82% of all the children were exposed to both mycotoxins. CONCLUSION: Young children in Tanzania are chronically exposed to both aflatoxin and fumonisin through contaminated diet, although the level of exposure varies markedly between the three villages studied. 
BACKGROUND: Overweight or obese individuals with type 2 diabetes are encouraged to lose weight for optimal glucose management, yet many find this difficult. Determining whether alterations in dietary patterns irrespective of weight loss can aid glucose control has not been fully investigated. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis aiming to determine the effects of a Mediterranean diet compared to other dietary interventions on glycaemic control irrespective of weight loss. Electronic databases were searched for controlled trials that included a Mediterranean diet intervention. The interventions included all major components of the Mediterranean diet and were carried out in free-living individuals at high risk or diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. Network meta-analysis compared all interventions with one another at the same time as maintaining randomisation. Analyses were conducted within a Bayesian framework. RESULTS: Eight studies met the inclusion criteria, seven examined fasting blood glucose (n = 972), six examined fasting insulin (n = 1330) and three examined HbA1c (n = 487). None of the interventions were significantly better than the others in lowering glucose parameters. The Mediterranean diet reduced HbA1c significantly compared to usual care but not compared to the Palaeolithic diet. CONCLUSIONS: The effect of alterations in dietary practice irrespective of weight loss on glycaemic control cannot be concluded from the present review. The need for further research in this area is apparent because no firm conclusions about relative effectiveness of interventions could be drawn as a result of the paucity of the evidence. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to explore and describe the reliability and validity of an instrument to measure preschool children's reactions to and coping with indoor noise at preschools or day care centres. DESIGN: Data were derived from an acoustical before and after intervention study providing repeated measurements. SETTING: The study was performed at seven preschools in Mlndal, Sweden. PARTICIPANTS: Children were recruited from these preschools and the final sample comprised 61 and 59 preschool children aged 4-5 years, with a response rate of 98% and 48% girls and 52% boys. Two children were excluded from analysis because they fell outside the age range. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: The instrument was developed based on a qualitative study performed in Swedish preschools. Questions pertained to preschool children's perception of noise when at school, their bodily and emotional reactions to it, non-specific symptoms and the coping strategies used by them to diminish the detrimental effects of the noise. RESULTS: Confirmative factor analysis yielded a three-factor model fitted to 10 items pertaining to angry reactions, symptoms and coping. The model fit was moderate to good (standardised root mean square residual=0.08, 0.12; adjusted goodness of fit=0.97/0.91) in the before and after conditions, respectively. The scales showed moderate to good reliability in terms of internal consistency, with an  ranging between 0.52 and 0.67, and was stronger in the before condition. Concurrent validity was strongest for symptoms by comparing groups based on bodily reaction (general and sound specific). CONCLUSIONS: Young children's emotional and bodily reactions to coping with noise can be reliably measured with this instrument. Like adults and older children, young children are able to distinguish between emotional reactions, bodily reactions, coping and unwell-being. Future research on larger groups of preschool children is needed to further refine the questions, in particular the questions pertaining to well-being. 
The main risk factors for Alzheimer's disease, age and the 4 allele of the APOE gene (APOE4), might modify the metabolism of n-3 PUFAs and in turn, their impact on cognition. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between dietary fat and plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in elderly persons, taking the APOE4 genotype into account. The sample was composed of 1,135 participants from the Three-City study aged 65 years and over, of whom 19% were APOE4 carriers. Mean plasma proportions of EPA [1.01%, standard deviation (SD) 0.60] and DHA (2.41%, SD 0.81) did not differ according to APOE4. In multivariate models, plasma EPA increased with frequency of fish consumption (P < 0.0001), alcohol intake (P = 0.0006), and female gender (P = 0.02), and decreased with intensive consumption of n-6 oils (P = 0.02). The positive association between fish consumption and plasma DHA was highly significant whatever the APOE genotype (P < 0.0001) but stronger in APOE4 noncarriers than in carriers (P = 0.06 for interaction). Plasma DHA increased significantly with age (P = 0.009) in APOE4 noncarriers only. These findings suggest that dietary habits, gender, and APOE4 genotype should be considered when designing interventions to increase n-3 PUFA blood levels in older people. 
Polyphenols might have a role in the prevention of several chronic diseases, but evaluating total dietary polyphenol (TDP) intake from self-reported questionnaires is inaccurate and unreliable. A promising alternative is to use total urinary polyphenol (TUP) concentration as a proxy measure of intake. The current study evaluated the relationship between TUPs and TDPs and all-cause mortality during a 12-y period among older adult participants. The study population included 807 men and women aged 65 y and older from the Invecchiare in Chianti study, a population-based cohort study of older adults living in the Chianti region of Tuscany, Italy. TUP concentrations were measured at enrolment (1998-2000) using the Folin-Ciocalteau assay after a solid-phase extraction. TDPs were also estimated at baseline throughout a validated food frequency questionnaire and using our database based on USDA and Phenol-Explorer databases. We modeled associations using Kaplan-Meier survival and Cox proportional hazards models, with adjustment for potential confounders. During the 12-y follow-up, 274 participants (34%) died. At enrollment, TUP excretion adjusted for age and sex tended to be greater in participants who survived [163  62 mg gallic acid equivalents (GAE)/d)] than in those who died (143  63 mg GAE/d) (P = 0.07). However, no significant differences were observed for TDPs. In the multivariable Cox model, participants in the highest tertile of TUP at enrolment had a lower mortality rate than those in the lowest tertile [HR = 0.70 (95% CI: 0.49-0.99); P-trend = 0.045], whereas no significant associations were found between TDP and overall mortality. TUP is an independent risk factor for mortality among community-dwelling older adults, suggesting that high dietary intake of polyphenols may be associated with longevity. 
BACKGROUND: It has been found that the expression of fatty acid binding protein 2 (FABP2) mRNA is under dietary control. This polymorphism was associated with high insulin resistance, and fasting insulin concentrations. OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study was to investigate the influence of Thr54 polymorphism in the FABP2 gene on metabolic response, weight loss and serum adipokine levels secondary to a high monounsaturated fat hypocaloric diet. DESIGN: A sample of 122 obese patients was analyzed in a prospective way. The hypocaloric diet had 1342 kcal, 46.6% of carbohydrates, 34.1% of lipids and 19.2% of proteins, with a 67.5% of monounsaturated fats, and lasted 3 months. RESULTS: Fifty-five patients (45.1%) had the genotype Ala54/Ala54 (wild group) and 67 (64.9%) patients a mutant genotype, Ala54/Thr54 (54 patients, 44.3%) or Thr54/Thr54 (13 patients, 10.7%). In wild group, body mass index (-1.51.2 kg/m2), weight (-4.13.6 kg), fat mass (-3.63.3 kg), waist circumference (-4.92.9 cm), insulin (-1.73.6 mUI/l), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (-0.61.8 units) and leptin levels decreased (-7.67.1 ng/ml). In mutant group, anthropometric parameters improved, without changes in biochemical parameters. CONCLUSION: Carriers of Thr54 allele have a different response than wild type obese, with a lack of decrease of insulin levels, leptin levels and HOMA-IR. 
It is essential to choose one preprocessing method for liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS)-based metabolomics studies of urine samples in order to overcome their variability. However, the commonly used normalization methods do not substantially reduce the high variabilities arising from differences in urine concentration, especially for signal saturation (abundant metabolites exceed the dynamic range of the instrumentation) or missing values. Herein, a simple preacquisition strategy based on differential injection volumes calibrated by creatinine (to reduce the concentration differences between the samples), combined with normalization to "total useful MS signals" or "all MS signals", is proposed to overcome urine variabilities. This strategy was first systematically compared with other popular normalization methods by application to serially diluted urine samples. Then, the method has been verified using rat urine samples of pre- and postinoculation of Walker 256 carcinoma cells. The results showed that the calibration of injection volumes based on creatinine values could effectively eliminate intragroup differences caused by variations in the concentrations of urinary metabolites, thus giving better parallelism and clustering effects. In addition, peak area normalization could further eliminate intraclass differences. Therefore, the strategy of combining peak area normalization with calibration of injection volumes of urine samples based on their creatinine values is effective for solving problems associated with urinary metabolomics. 
INTRODUCTION: Spectroscopic analysis of urine samples from laboratory animals can be used to predict the efficacy and side effects of drugs. This employs methods combining (1)H NMR spectroscopy with quantification of biomarkers or with multivariate data analysis. The most critical steps in data evaluation are analytical reproducibility of NMR data (collection, storage, and processing) and the health status of the animals, which may influence urine pH and osmolarity. METHODS: We treated rats with a solvent, a diuretic, or a nephrotoxicant and collected urine samples. Samples were titrated to pH 3 to 9, or salt concentrations increased up to 20-fold. The effects of storage conditions and freeze-thaw cycles were monitored. Selected metabolites and multivariate data analysis were evaluated after (1)H NMR spectroscopy. RESULTS: We showed that variation of pH from 3 to 9 and increases in osmolarity up to 6-fold had no effect on the quantification of the metabolites or on multivariate data analysis. Storage led to changes after 14 days at 4C or after 12 months at -20C, independent of sample composition. Multiple freeze-thaw cycles did not affect data analysis. CONCLUSION: Reproducibility of NMR measurements is not dependent on sample composition under physiological or pathological conditions. 
The athlete biological passport for the fight against doping is currently based on longitudinal monitoring for abnormal changes in cellular blood parameters. Serum parameters related to altered erythropoiesis could be considered for inclusion in the passport. The aim of this study was to quantify the changes in such parameters in athletes during a period of intense exercise.12 highly trained cyclists tapered for 3 days before 6 days of simulated intense stage racing. Morning and afternoon blood samples were taken on most days and analysed for total protein, albumin, soluble transferrin receptor and ferritin concentrations. Plasma volume was determined via total haemoglobin mass measured by carbon-monoxide rebreathing. Percent changes in means from baseline and percent standard errors of measurement (analytical error plus intra-athlete variation) on each measurement occasion were estimated with mixed linear modelling of log-transformed measures. Means of all variables changed substantially in the days following the onset of racing, ranging from -13% (haemoglobin concentration) to +27% (ferritin). After the second day, errors of measurement were generally twice those at baseline. Plasma variables were affected by heavy exercise, either because of changes in plasma volume (total protein, albumin, haemoglobin), acute phase/inflammatory reactions (ferritin) or both (soluble transferrin receptor). These effects need to be taken into consideration when integrating a plasma parameter into the biological passport model for athletes.
The project aimed to help interpretation of urinary protein measurements, namely -2-microglobulin, retinol-binding protein, albumin and total protein in untimed, random urine samples as indicating significant changes in renal tubular reabsorption and glomerular permeability in an individual. A standard methodology used in clinical laboratory medicine was applied to calculate the intra-individual biological variation for these analytes. This parameter in conjunction with a laboratory's analytical variation allows definition of uncertainty about a single urine protein measurement, significant changes above normal variation in serial measurements within an individual and a defined level of maximum acceptable analytical imprecision. Repeat urine samples were obtained over a period of one week from a group of cadmium-exposed workers, 90% of whom had long-term tubular proteinuria, and a group of five unexposed volunteers with normal renal function. Dilute samples defined as having creatinines less than 3 mmol l-1 were excluded, as were urines with pH less than 5.5 for -2-microglobulin. Samples were analysed twice after randomisation in large batches. There was no evidence of any diurnal variation in the four protein measurements from samples collected between early morning and 16:00 hours. Creatinine or specific gravity correction of urine results for all four proteins only marginally reduced the uncertainty associated with an individual measurement asreflecting the true excretion value. For those subjects with defined tubular proteinuria, variability in retinol-binding protein excretion was less than that for -2- microglobulin. About 30% of the samples had urine pHs of 5.5 or less where -2- microglobulin degradation occurs. Using our laboratory analytical precision the minimum changes between serial creatinine-corrected measurements that are needed to be considered statistically significant (p &lt; 0.05) is 110% for retinol-binding protein, 177% for -2-microglobulin, 70% for total protein, and 81% for albumin. Unlike published data for cadmium and mercury, the use of creatinine or specific gravity correction of random untimed urine samples for the urinary proteins does not make a large improvement to the interpretation of data by reducing the uncertainty associated with a measurement. There are significant advantages to the use of retinol-binding protein in contrast to -2- microglobulin as an indicator of renal tubular damage. Levels for defined acceptable analytical precision are calculated for laboratories undertaking protein estimations. The data in this report will help in the interpretation of urinary protein measurements without monitoring cadmium workers. 
Improving the quality of alcohol-related care requires practical approaches to assessing alcohol consumption to guide management and monitor outcomes. Given the increasing use of alcohol screening questionnaires to identify alcohol misuse it would be ideal if scores on screening questionnaires were also indicators of average alcohol consumption. However, the questionnaires were not designed for this purpose and include dimensions of drinking that may not reflect average consumption (e.g. heavy episodic drinking, alcohol-related problems). In a general population sample, scores on the AUDIT-C screen correlated with reports of alcohol consumption in detailed interviews, but the relationship is unknown for clinical populations and other questionnaires. Serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) is a biomarker routinely obtained in clinical care and is known to rise with average alcohol consumption. This cross-sectional study of 11,175 male U.S. Veterans Affairs patients enrolled in a primary care study used HDL as an objective biomarker to evaluate whether average alcohol consumption increased as scores increased on 3 brief alcohol screens - the AUDIT-C, AUDIT Question #3 (a single-item screen), and the CAGE questionnaire. Mean HDL progressively increased as screening scores increased for the AUDIT-C and AUDIT Question #3: about 12mg/dL from the lowest to the highest scores. The association was much weaker for the CAGE questionnaire. Results were minimally affected by adjustment for covariates (e.g. age, race, medical comorbidity, smoking, medication count, and depression) but the association was modified (p=0.008) and mildly attenuated by adherent use of lipid-lowering medications. This study using HDL as a biomarker of average alcohol consumption adds to evidence that some alcohol screening scores may also serve as scaled markers of average alcohol consumption. 
Determination of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons PAHs is challenging because they are so broadly distributed in the environment and often difficult to quantitate using questionnaire methods. To enhance the ability to non invasively evaluate markers of both internal dose and biologically effective dose we have developed methods for the identification and quantitation of 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide and r 7, t 8, t 9, c 10 tetrahydroxy 7,8,9,10 tetrahydrobenzo a pyrene BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol in human urine. In the current study we applied these assays to urine samples collected from 43 hospitalized psoriasis patients treated with coal tar medication and 39 non treated volunteer controls. BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol was detected in 20 of 43 47 patients, ranging from 1 not detected to 124 fmol mumol-1 creatinine. In contrast, BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol was detected in only 4 of 39 10 controls, range 1 to 20.6 fmol mumol-1 creatinine p = 0.0006, Wilcoxon rank sum test. A second, more polar PAH metabolite, identified as 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide, was present in all urine samples. Mean 1 hydroxypyreneglucuronide levels were 40.96 72.62 pmol mumol-1 creatinine in patients and 0.38 0.32 pmol mumol-1 creatinine in control subjects p 0.0001 . The ratio of urinary levels of BP 7,10 8,9 tetrol to 1 hydroxypyrene-glucuronide was examined in the coal tar treated patients. This ratio was found to vary by approximately 6000 fold. This parameter cannot be explained by measurement error because the coefficients of variation for these assays are only 12 and 10 respectively, nor can it be explained by use of different coal tar products. These results provide further evidence that substantial interindividual variation in activation of benzo a pyrene and other PAHs exists, which may have implications for disease risk. 
Little is known about the relation of modifiable dietary factors to circulating homocysteine concentrations, particularly in young adults and non-Western populations. We investigated the hypothesis that intakes of nutrients and foods are associated with serum homocysteine concentration in a group of young Japanese women. This cross-sectional study included 1050 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18 to 22 years. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated, self-administered, comprehensive diet history questionnaire. Fasting blood samples were collected, and serum homocysteine concentrations were measured. Adjustment was made for survey year, region, municipality level, current smoking, current alcohol drinking, dietary supplement use, physical activity, body mass index, energy intake, and intakes of other nutrients or foods. After adjustment for nondietary confounding factors, intakes of all B vitamins (folate, vitamin B-6, vitamin B-12, and riboflavin) were inversely associated with homocysteine concentration. However, only vitamin B-6 remained significant after further adjustment for other B vitamins. Marine-origin n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake showed an inverse association, but this was not independent of intakes of B vitamins. For foods, pulses, fish and shellfish, and vegetables were independently and inversely associated with homocysteine concentration, but these associations disappeared after adjustment for intakes of other foods. Conversely, an inverse association for dairy products and a positive association for green and oolong tea remained even after adjustment for other foods. To conclude, in a group of young Japanese women, higher intake of vitamin B-6 and dairy products and lower intake of green and oolong tea were independently associated with lower serum homocysteine concentration. 
Humans are exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons PAHs from various occupational, dietary, environmental and medicinal sources. We measured 1 hydroxypyrene glucuronide 1 OHP gluc concentration in urines from male non smokers n = 50, smokers of blond tobacco n = 31, smokers of black tobacco n = 16, and pipe smokers n = 3 . Immunoaffinity chromatography was used as a preparative step and synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy as the quantitation method. The concentration of 1 OHP gluc in urine from smokers mean SE: 1.04 0.13 pmol ml-1 urine was significantly higher than in urine from non smokers 0.55 0.05 pmol ml-1 urine by the Wilcoxon rank sum test non smokers versus all smokers, p = 0.001; vs black tobacco smokers, p = 0.001; vs blond tobacco smokers, p = 0.007 . Urinary 1 OHP gluc concentration among subjects who had consumed roasted, grilled or broiled meat within the past 24 h was elevated compared with those who had not p = 0.025 . Multiple linear regression showed significant associations of urinary 1 OHP gluc with number of cigarettes smoked p = 0.002 and consumption of roasted, grilled or broiled meat p = 0.028 . Systemic CYP1A2 activity estimated by caffeine metabolism was significantly correlated with urinary 1 OHP gluc concentration. However, this association was probably due to cigarette smoking, since adjusting for cigarette smoking by multiple linear regression made the association between urinary 1 OHP gluc and CYP1A2 phenotype non significant. These results further support the use of urinary 1 OHP gluc as a biomarker of recent pyrene exposure through inhalation or diet. 
OBJECTIVE Energy intake, energy density, and nutrient intakes are implicated in type 2 diabetes risk in adults, but little is known about their influence on emerging type 2 diabetes risk in childhood. We examined these associations in a multiethnic population of children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This was a cross-sectional study of 2,017 children predominantly of white European, South Asian, and black African-Caribbean origin aged 9-10 years who had a detailed 24-h dietary recall and measurements of body composition and provided a fasting blood sample for measurements of plasma glucose, HbA1c, and serum insulin; homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance was also derived. RESULTS Energy intake was positively associated with insulin resistance. After the removal of 176 participants with implausible energy intakes (unlikely to be representative of habitual intake), energy intake was more strongly associated with insulin resistance and was also associated with glucose and fat mass index. Energy density was also positively associated with insulin resistance and fat mass index. However, in mutually adjusted analyses, the associations for energy intake remained while those for energy density became nonsignificant. Individual nutrient intakes showed no associations with type 2 diabetes risk markers. CONCLUSIONS Higher total energy intake was strongly associated with high levels of insulin resistance and may help to explain emerging type 2 diabetes risk in childhood. Studies are needed to establish whether reducing energy intake produces sustained favorable changes in insulin resistance and circulating glucose levels. 
Interest in the relationship between one-carbon metabolism (OCM) and carcinogenesis is intensifying, leading to increased use of related biomarkers as measures of exposure. Little is known, however, about the intraindividual variation in these markers and whether or not the use of a single measure is appropriate for assessing exposure-disease relationships in epidemiologic studies. We evaluated the intraindividual variation in plasma concentrations of 19 OCM biomarkers in a sample of 147 African American and 68 non-Hispanic white participants from the Southern Community Cohort Study who donated blood samples and responded to questionnaires at two time points from 2005 to 2008. Weighted kappa coefficients () were calculated to assess the agreement between quartile assignments based on the repeated measures. Adjusted intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) were also used to assess the consistency of the two measurements. Most (16/19) OCM biomarkers showed a moderate or better agreement for quartile assignment at the two time points, with only methionine, methionine sulfoxide, and cystathionine having   0.40. The median-adjusted ICC across the 19 biomarkers was 0.60. Reproducibility was highest for flavin mononucleotide [ICC = 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.79-0.87] and lowest for methionine and its oxidative product methionine sulfoxide (ICC = 0.22, 95% CI 0.09-0.34; ICC = 0.20, 95% CI 0.07-0.32, respectively). Overall, the intraindividual variation in OCM biomarkers was similar for African Americans and whites and for males and females. Our results suggest that with the exception of methionine and methionine sulfoxide, OCM biomarkers generally have good intraindividual reproducibility and can be considered as reliable exposure measures in epidemiologic studies.
BACKGROUND: The rodent carcinogen acrylamide was discovered in 2002 in commonly consumed foods. Epidemiologic studies have observed positive associations between acrylamide intake and endometrial, ovarian, and breast cancer risks, which suggest that acrylamide may have sex-hormonal effects. METHODS: We cross-sectionally investigated the relationship between acrylamide intake and plasma levels of sex hormones and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) among 687 postmenopausal and 1,300 premenopausal controls from nested case-control studies within the Nurses' Health Studies. RESULTS: There were no associations between acrylamide and sex hormones or SHBG among premenopausal women overall or among never-smokers. Among normal-weight premenopausal women, acrylamide intake was statistically significantly positively associated with luteal total and free estradiol levels. Among postmenopausal women overall and among never-smokers, acrylamide was borderline statistically significantly associated with lower estrone sulfate levels but not with other estrogens, androgens, prolactin, or SHBG. Among normal-weight women, (borderline) statistically significant inverse associations were noted for estrone, free estradiol, estrone sulfate, DHEA, and prolactin, whereas statistically significant positive associations for testosterone and androstenedione were observed among overweight women. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, this study did not show conclusive associations between acrylamide intake and sex hormones that would lend unequivocal biologic plausibility to the observed increased risks of endometrial, ovarian, and breast cancer. The association between acrylamide and sex hormones may differ by menopausal and overweight status. We recommend other studies investigate the relationship between acrylamide and sex hormones in women, specifically using acrylamide biomarkers. IMPACT: The present study showed some interesting associations between acrylamide intake and sex hormones that urgently need confirmation. 
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is the most commonly diagnosed and studied cognitive and behavioral disorder in school-age children. The etiology of ADHD and ADHD-related behavior is unclear, but genetic and environmental factors, such as pesticides, have been hypothesized. The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between in utero exposure to chlorpyrifos, chlorpyrifos-methyl, and/or 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCPY) and ADHD in school-age Mexican children using TCPY as a biomarker of exposure. The temporal reliability of repeated maternal urinary TCPY concentrations across trimesters was also explored (N=21). To explore associations with ADHD-related outcomes in children, third trimester urinary TCPY concentrations in were measured in 187 mother-child pairs from a prospective birth cohort. Child neurodevelopment in children 6-11 years of age was assessed using Conners' Parental Rating Scales-Revised (CRS-R), Conners' Continuous Performance Test (CPT), and Behavior Assessment System for Children-2 (BASC-2). Multivariable linear regression models were used to test relationships for all children combined and also stratified by sex. Intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC) calculations were based on a random effects model. The ICC was 0.41 for uncorrected TCPY, and ranged from 0.29 to 0.32 for specific gravity-corrected TCPY. We did not observe any statistically significant associations between tertiles of maternal TCPY concentrations and ADHD-related outcomes in children. However, compared to the lowest tertile we found suggestive evidence for increased ADHD index in the highest TCPY tertile in boys (=5.55 points; 95% CI (-0.19, 11.3); p=0.06) and increased attention problems for the middle tertile in girls (=5.81 points; 95% CI (-0.75, 12.4); p=0.08). Considering the continued widespread agricultural and possible residential use of chlorpyrifos and chlorpyrifos-methyl in Mexico and the educational implications of cognitive and behavior deficits, these relationships deserve further study. 
The level of plasma diamine oxidase (DAO) activity is associated with the maturation and integrity of small intestinal mucosa. This study in rats investigated whether a decreased level of plasma DAO could reflect the severity of mucosal injury due to intravenous 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) treatment. The beneficial effect of soluble dietary fiber (SDF) on preventing diarrhea after 5-FU treatment was also examined. To induce diarrhea, 5-FU (50 mg/kg/day for four days) was administered via the tail vein with or without SDF supplementation. After 5-FU treatment, the majority of rats developed moderate to severe diarrhea, and levels of plasma DAO activity significantly decreased compared to those of control group (P < 0.05). Scanning electron microscopy revealed disarrangement of the small intestinal villi. Contrarily, the rats supplemented with SDF had diarrhea less frequently (50.0 vs. 91.7 %, P = 0.025) on day five, and DAO activity levels were significantly higher than in those rats administered 5-FU alone (8.25  5.34 vs. 5.50  4.32, P = 0.023). In conclusion, plasma DAO activity decreases in response to severe intestinal mucosal injury after 5-FU treatment, and SDF supplementation might be a practical and useful treatment for reducing the intestinal toxicity of 5-FU.
Overweight or obesity in post-menopausal women is known to induce metabolic disorders associated with neuroinflammation. -lipoic acid (-LA), which has been clinically used to treat diabetic peripheral neuropathy, has been found to exert anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects in patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD). In this study, to investigate the effects of -LA on neuroinflammatory factors and the levels of hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in ovariectomized rats fed a high-fat diet (HFD), Wistar ovariectomized rats were fed HFD alone or HFD and treated with -LA for 12 weeks. Metabolic parameters in serum were detected, real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), western blot analysis and ELISA were used to evaluate the levels of inflammatory factors and BDNF in the hippocampus. -LA markedly reduced body weight, the levels of serum total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), as well as the levels of leptin and insulin resistance in ovariectomized rats fed HFD. It also significantly increased the levels of serum adiponectin and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). In the hippocampal tissues of ovariectomized rats fed HFD, the protein and mRNA expression of BDNF was upregulated following the administration of -LA. Conversely, the levels of interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumour necrosis factor- (TNF-) were decreased following treatment with -LA. These findings demonstrate that -LA significantly increases the expression of BDNF in the hippocampus of obese ovariectomized rats fed HFD, possibly by improving lipid metabolism, enhancing insulin sensitivity and reversing central inflammation.
When selecting the least biased exposure surrogate, for example, the concentration of a biomarker in a urine sample, information on variability must be taken into consideration. We used mixed-effects models to estimate the variability and determinants of urinary cadmium (U-Cd) excretion using spot urine samples collected at six fixed times during 2 days about 1 week apart, from 24 healthy non-smokers. The urine samples were analysed for U-Cd, the concentrations were adjusted for dilution, and the excretion rates were calculated. Between-individual variability dominated the total variability for most measures of U-Cd excretion, especially for 24h urine and first morning samples. The U-Cd excretion showed a circadian rhythm during the day, and time point of sampling was a significant factor in the mixed-effects models, thus a standardised sampling time, such as first morning urine samples, needs to be applied. Gender, urinary flow rate, age, and urinary protein excretions were also significant determinants for U-Cd excretion. The choice of biomarker for U-Cd excretion was found to be more important in individually-based studies of exposure-response relationships than in studies of comparing Cd levels of groups. When planning a study, this variability of U-Cd in spot samples must be acknowledged. 
Diets high in sulfur-rich protein and low in fruits and vegetables affect human acid-base balance adversely. Corresponding subclinical forms of metabolic acidosis have been linked to hypertension in adults. We longitudinally examined relations of dietary acid load with blood pressure in 257 healthy prepuberty children with 3 or more parallel 3-day weighed dietary records, 24-h urine, and blood pressure measurements. Urinary net acid excretion and the potential renal acid load (PRAL), determined as the difference of major urinary nonbicarbonate anions and mineral cations, were used to predict dietary acid load. PRAL was also calculated from dietary data. In repeated-measures regression analyses, adjusted for body size and dietary fiber, an intraindividual increase of 10mEq above the 'usual' net acid excretion or urine PRAL were each significantly related to a 0.6-0.7mmHg increased systolic blood pressure. Differences in urine PRAL among the children also significantly predicted between-person differences in systolic blood pressure. A higher individual net acid excretion or urine PRAL and intraindividual increase in urine PRAL were significantly related to higher diastolic blood pressure. Blood pressure associations were nonsignificant for dietary PRAL and urinary sodium. Thus, in healthy children, renal biomarker analyses reveal an association of proton load with higher blood pressure. Especially for systolic blood pressure, a more alkalizing nutrition may be beneficial for blood pressure development within a given individual. Experimental confirmation of a causal acid load-blood pressure link is required. 
Diabetes is characterized by glycaemic disorders that include both sustained chronic hyperglycaemia and acute fluctuations (i.e. glycaemic variability). Increasing attention is being paid to the role of glycaemic variability as a relevant determinant for diabetes control and prevention of its vascular complications. As a consequence, it is strongly suggested that a global antidiabetic strategy should be aimed at reducing to a minimum the different components of glycaemic control (i.e. HbA1c, fasting and postprandial glucose, as well as glycaemic variability). Subjects at risk of hypoglycaemia, subjects with postprandial hyperglycaemia and patients who need to adjust or start insulin seem to be the categories that require glycaemic variability monitoring. The analysis of blood glucose variability represents an additional tool in the global assessment of glycaemic control and can serve as a guide to the clinician in the management of therapy and for the patients both in the prevention of acute complications, in particular hypoglycaemia, and chronic disease, in particular macrovascular complications. 
BACKGROUND: Associations of bisphenol A and phthalates with chronic disease health outcomes are increasingly being investigated in epidemiologic studies. The majority of previous studies of within-person variability in urinary bisphenol A and phthalate metabolite concentrations have focused on reproducibility over short time periods. Long-term reproducibility data are needed to assess the potential usefulness of these biomarkers for prospective studies, particularly those examining risk of diseases with long latency periods. Low within-person reproducibility may attenuate relative risk estimates and reduce statistical power to detect associations with disease. Therefore, we assessed within-person reproducibility of bisphenol A, eight phthalate metabolites, and phthalic acid in spot urine samples over 1 to 3years among women enrolled in two large cohort studies. METHODS: Women in the Nurses' Health Study and Nurses' Health Study II provided two spot urine samples, 1 to 3years apart (n=80 women for analyses of bisphenol A; n=40 women for analyses of phthalate metabolites; n=34 women for analyses of phthalic acid). To measure within-person reproducibility, we calculated Spearman rank correlation coefficients and intraclass correlation coefficients for creatinine-adjusted concentrations of bisphenol A, phthalate metabolites, and phthalic acid. RESULTS: Over 1 to 3years, within-person variability of bisphenol A was high relative to total variability (intraclass correlation coefficient=0.14) and rankings of bisphenol A levels between time-points were weakly correlated (Spearman correlation=0.19). Seven of the eight phthalate metabolites and phthalic acid demonstrated moderate within-person stability over time (Spearman correlation or intraclass correlation coefficient=0.39-0.55). Restricting analyses to first-morning urine samples did not alter results. CONCLUSIONS: Single measurements of bisphenol A in spot urine samples were highly variable within women over 1 to 3years, indicating that investigation of associations between a single urinary bisphenol A measurement and disease risk may be challenging in epidemiologic studies. The majority of urinary phthalate metabolites and phthalic acid appeared moderately reproducible within women over time, suggesting single measurements may be useful in epidemiologic studies, although observed relative risks can be substantially attenuated. 
This study describes the distribution of glycosylated haemoglobin (Hb(A1c)) and glucose concentrations in the combined year 1 (2008-2009), year 2 (2009-2010) and year 3 (2010-2011) of the National Diet and Nutrition Survey (NDNS) rolling programme. The NDNS rolling programme is a nationally representative survey of food consumption, nutrient intakes and nutritional status of people aged 1.5 years and over living in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. The study population comprised survey members who completed three or four days of dietary recording and who provided a blood sample. After excluding survey members with self-reported diabetes (n=25), there were 1016 results for HbA1c and 942 for glucose (not the same individuals in each case). Around 5.4% of men and 1.7% of women aged 19-64 years, and 5.1% of men and 5.9% of women aged 65 years had impaired fasting glucose (glucose concentrations 6.1-6.9 mmol/L). Over 20% of men aged 65 years had fasting glucose concentrations above the clinical cut-off for diabetes (7 mmol/L) compared to 2.1% of women of similar age (p=0.007). Similarly, 16.4% of men had Hb(A1c) concentrations 6.5%, compared to 1.5% of women (p=0.003). Children and teenagers had fasting glucose and Hb(A1c) values largely within the normal range. To conclude, this is the first study to provide data on the distribution of HbA1c and glucose concentrations in a nationally representative sample of the British population. The high prevalence of men aged 65 years with Hb(A1c) and glucose concentrations above the clinical cut-off of diabetes warrants further attention.
We compared by non-invasive technique the adaptive response of alveolar capillary network to edemagenic conditions (exercise and high altitude [HA, PIO2 107mmHg] in subjects with different resting sea level (SL) capillary blood volume (normalized to alveolar volume, Vc/Va): Group 1 (N=10, Vc/Va=16.16.8ml/L- meanSD) and Group 2 (N=10, Vc/Va=257.7). In Group 1 Vc/Va remained unchanged in HA at rest and increased during exercise at SL (26.38.6) and HA (28.7510.2); in Group 2 Vc/Va significantly decreased in HA (196) and did not increase in exercise at SL and HA. We hypothesize that Group2 exerts a tight control on Vc/Va being more exposed to the risk of lung edema due to inborn greater microvascular permeability. Conversely, Group 1 appears more resistant to lung edema given the large capillary recruitment in the most edemagenic condition. The 4-fold increase in frequency dependence of respiratory resistance in Group2 in HA stems for greater proneness for lung water perturbation compared to Group 1. 
BACKGROUND: There is no consensus on darunavir (DRV) target levels in plasma for clinical use, and information about variability in plasma concentrations is limited. AIM: : To investigate the variability in DRV plasma trough concentrations in the clinical setting, evaluating interindividual and intraindividual variabilities of plasma drug levels among HIV-infected patients receiving ritonavir (RTV)-boosted DRV (DRV/r) within salvage regimens, and evaluate the potential correlation between variability and virological response. METHODS: Sixty-two patients taking DRV/r (600/100 mg twice a day) were evaluated for trough plasma concentrations and immunovirological parameters after 6 months from the start of the regimen. A subgroup of patients (n = 21) was also evaluated for intraindividual variability (expressed as coefficient of variation) on 2 samples taken at different time points. Drug concentrations were assayed by high-performance liquid chromatography with ultraviolet detection, and the values were expressed as medians with interquartile range (IQR). Genotypic sensitivity score and genotypic inhibitory quotient were calculated. RESULTS: DRV/r was used with a median of 3 other antiretroviral drugs (raltegravir use 88.7%). Median plasma concentrations were 3.22 mcg/mL (IQR, 2.04-5.69) for DRV and 0.44 mcg/mL (IQR, 0.21-0.70) for RTV. Both drugs showed a high interindividual variability in plasma concentrations (61% and 99.3%, respectively). Only 3 patients (4.8%) had undetectable DRV plasma levels. DRV plasma concentrations showed a significant positive correlation with age (r = 0.298, P = 0.019), but no significant correlation between DRV genotypic inhibitory quotient and HIV-RNA plasma levels (P = 0.614) was found. Intraindividual coefficients of variation were 58.4% for DRV and 47.1% for RTV. Patients with undetectable HIV-RNA showed a trend for lower intraindividual coefficients of variation compared with patients with detectable HIV-RNA (55.9% versus 83.8%, P = 0.156). No major interaction effects with other antiretroviral drugs were found. CONCLUSIONS: In a context of salvage therapy, both DRV and RTV plasma levels showed high interindividual and intraindividual variabilities. Lower intraindividual variability could be beneficial in maintaining viral suppression. 
BACKGROUND: Studies on the influence of alcohol consumption on lung function have shown conflicting results. Self-reported alcohol consumption may be inaccurate. This study used both a validated alcohol questionnaire and a blood marker of heavy alcohol consumption, and examined potential associations with different lung physiological variables. METHODS: The study population (450 subjects) answered an alcohol questionnaire (AUDIT-C) and performed spirometry, body plethysmography and a test for diffusing capacity for CO (DL,CO). Carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT), a clinically used blood marker for identifying heavy alcohol consumption, and C-reactive protein (CRP), a marker of systemic inflammation were analysed. RESULTS: Using AUDIT-C, 407 subjects were alcohol drinkers and 29 non-drinkers. Of the alcohol drinkers, 224 subjects were "hazardous drinkers" and 183 "moderate drinkers". Thirty-four subjects had a CDT 2.0% (=heavy drinkers). There was no difference in lung function between hazardous and moderate drinkers. Heavy drinkers had lower DL,CO (74% vs 83% PN, p=0.003), more symptoms of chronic bronchitis (p=0.001) and higher AUDIT-C scores (p<0.001) than non-heavy drinkers. After adjustments (pack years and CRP) the difference in DL,CO (p=0.037) remained. Multiple regression showed an association between CDT and both FEV1 (p=0.004) and DL,CO (p=0.012) in all alcohol drinkers, but not in never-smokers. The AUDIT-C score was associated with CDT (also after adjustments, p<0.001) but not with any lung function variable. CONCLUSION: The results from this study suggest that alcohol and particularly heavy drinking has an independent additive negative effect on lung function in smokers. 
BACKGROUND: Dietary intake might have important role in non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD). Although, there are some reports on dietary intake and anthropometrics measurements, few studies have focused on the markers of assessing whole diet like dietary quality indices. OBJECTIVES: Therefore, our aim was to determine the diet quality indices and biochemical parameters among patients with NAFLD and healthy individuals. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This case-control study was performed on 100 patients with NAFLD and 100 healthy subjects who were attending to Gastrointestinal Research Center, Baqiyatallah University, Tehran, Iran during the recent years. Usual dietary intake was assessed by three dietary records (one weekend and two week days). Healthy eating index (HEI), dietary diversity score (DDS), dietary energy density (DED), mean adequacy ratio of nutrients (MAR) were assessed according to the standard methods. RESULTS: Patients with NAFLD had higher body mass index, weight and waist circumference compared to the healthy group (P < 0.05). Serum levels of liver enzymes, triglyceride, LDL, BUN, and uric acid were higher in patients with NAFLD (P < 0.05). Although patients with NAFLD had higher energy, carbohydrate and fat intake, their values for antioxidant vitamins, calcium and vitamin D were lower than healthy subjects (P < 0.05). HEI and MAR were higher among healthy group, and DED was lower among them. Nutrient adequacy ratio for calcium, vitamin D, and antioxidant micronutrients were lower in patients with NAFLD (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: It seems that dietary quality indices may be associated with NAFLD. Calcium, vitamin D, and antioxidant micronutrients intake might be lower among patients with NAFLD based on this case-control study. Further prospective studies should be conducted in this regard. 
Investigating the genetic and physiological drivers of postweaning residual feed intake (RFI) and finishing phase feed efficiency (FE) may identify underlying mechanisms that are responsible for the variation in these complex FE traits. The objectives were 1) to evaluate the relationship of serum IGF-I concentration and muscle gene expression with postweaning RFI and sire maintenance energy (MEM) EPD and 2) to determine fiber type composition as it relates to postweaning RFI and finishing phase FE. Results indicate that RFI and serum IGF-I concentration were not associated (P > 0.05); however, negative correlations (P < 0.05) between sire MEM EPD and serum IGF-I concentration were observed. Gene expression differences between high- and low-RFI animals were observed in cohort 1, where IGFBP5 expression was greater (P < 0.05) in high-RFI animals. When animals were grouped according to sire MEM EPD, the low MEM EPD group of cohort 1 showed greater muscle mRNA expression (P < 0.01) of fatty acid synthase (FASN) and marginally (P < 0.10) greater expression of IGFBP5 and C/EBP alpha (C/EBP) whereas the high MEM EPD group of cohort 2 had greater muscle mRNA expression of IGFBP2 (P < 0.05) and C/EBP (P  0.01) and marginally (P < 0.10) greater expression of IGFBP3. Biopsy tissue samples collected at harvest revealed that the percentage of type IIa fibers was lower (P  0.05) in high-RFI steers, with a similar trend (P < 0.10) being observed in high finishing phase FE steers. The percentage of type IIb fibers was higher (P < 0.05) in high-RFI (and finishing phase FE) steers than in low-RFI (and finishing phase FE) steers. There was a marginal, negative correlation between RFI and type I (r = -0.36, P = 0.08) and IIa (r = -0.37, P = 0.07) fiber percentages and a positive correlation (r = 0.48, P = 0.01) between RFI and type IIb fiber percentage whereas finishing phase FE was negatively correlated (r = -0.43, P = 0.03) with type I fiber percentage and positively correlated (r = 0.44, P = 0.03) with type IIb fiber percentage. Therefore, our data indicate that 1) serum IGF-I (collected at weaning) is not an indicator of postweaning RFI, 2) the GH-IGF axis appears to have some involvement with RFI at the molecular level; however, muscle gene expression results were not consistent across cohorts, and 3) low-RFI animals may have the ability to more efficiently maintain and accrete muscle mass due to their fiber type composition, specifically a greater proportion of type I fibers. 
Obesity and related diabetes are important health threatening multifactorial metabolic diseases and it has been suggested that 25% of all diabetic patients are unaware of their patho-physiological condition. Biomarkers for monitoring and control are available, but early stage predictive biomarkers enabling prevention of these diseases are still lacking. We used the pig as a model to study metabolic disease because humans and pigs share a multitude of metabolic similarities. Diabetes was chemically induced and control and diabetic pigs were either fed a high unsaturated fat (Mediterranean) diet or a high saturated fat/cholesterol/sugar (cafeteria) diet. Physiological parameters related to fat metabolism and diabetes were measured. Diabetic pigs' plasma proteome profiles differed more between the two diets than control pigs plasma proteome profiles. The expression levels of several proteins correlated well with (patho)physiological parameters related to the fat metabolism (cholesterol, VLDL, LDL, NEFA) and diabetes (Glucose) and to the diet fed to the animals. Studying only the control pigs as a model for metabolic syndrome when fed the two diets showed correlations to the same parameters but now more focused on insulin, glucose and abdominal fat depot parameters. We conclude that proteomic profiles can be used as a biomarker to identify pigs with developing metabolic syndrome (prediabetes) and diabetes when fed a cafeteria diet. It could be developed into a potential biomarkers for the early recognition of metabolic diseases. 
It is well established that protein-energy malnutrition decreases serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I levels, and supplementation of 30 g of whey protein daily has been shown to increase serum IGF-I levels by 8 % after 2 years in a clinical trial. Cohort studies provide the opportunity to assess associations between dietary protein intake and IGF axis protein levels under more typical eating conditions. In the present study, we assessed the associations of circulating IGF axis protein levels (ELISA, Diagnostic Systems Laboratories) with total biomarker-calibrated protein intake, as well as with dairy product and milk intake, among postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women's Health Initiative (n 747). Analyses were carried out using multivariate linear regression models that adjusted for age, BMI, race/ethnicity, education, biomarker-calibrated energy intake, alcohol intake, smoking, physical activity and hormone therapy use. There was a positive association between milk intake and free IGF-I levels. A three-serving increase in milk intake per d (approximately 30 g of protein) was associated with an estimated average 186 % higher increase in free IGF-I levels (95 % CI 09, 393 %). However, total IGF-I and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) levels were not associated with milk consumption and nor were there associations between biomarker-calibrated protein intake, biomarker-calibrated energy intake, and free IGF-I, total IGF-I or IGFBP-3 levels. The findings of the present study carried out in postmenopausal women are consistent with clinical trial data suggesting a specific relationship between milk consumption and serum IGF-I levels, although in the present study this association was only statistically significant for free, but not total, IGF-I or IGFBP-3 levels.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: In Germany, blood donors must complete a donor history questionnaire (DHQ). In 2011, a new standardized DHQ for Germany was proposed which included questions about sexual risk behaviour that raised concerns about acceptance by donors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We assessed the acceptability and ease of use of the new DHQ in two German donor populations, by asking the donors to complete a paper survey evaluating the design and clarity of the questions of the new DHQ with a focus on the questions addressing sexual risk behaviour. RESULTS: In Greifswald, 2000 donors (mean age 3212years) participated, and in Hagen 2088 donors (mean age 4814years). Ratings between the two populations showed only minor differences. Donors reported that the questions in the new DHQ were understandable and clearly structured. Perception of comfort level with questions addressing sexual risk behaviour differed significantly depending on donor characteristics such as age, gender and educational level. Overall, the new DHQ seems to deter approximately 5% of potential donors from blood donation. CONCLUSION: The new DHQ was acceptable to the vast majority of donors. Potential donors who were older, male gender and less educated were most at risk of refusing to donate and may benefit from educational interventions. 
BACKGROUND: We have developed a PCR-based tool that measures a 51-gene panel for identification of gastroenteropancreatic (GEP) neuroendocrine neoplasms (NENs) in peripheral blood. This manuscript assesses the robustness (performance metrics) of this tool with a specific focus on the effects of individual parameters including collection, storage, acid suppressive medication [proton pump inhibitor (PPI)], age, sex, race and food on accuracy. METHODS: Performance metrics were evaluated using a gold standard (mRNA derived from three individual human neuroendocrine tumor cell lines) and clinical samples using qPCR. RESULTS: One hundred percent of the 51 transcripts were amplified in the gold standard (NEN cell line-derived mRNA) (CQ<35, average efficiency 1.94). The inter- and intra-assay variations were 1%-2%. In clinical samples, 50 of 51 targets (98%) were amplified. The inter- and intra-assay reproducibility ranged between 0.4% and 1.2%. The coefficient of variation (CV) was 5.3%. Expression of the reference gene, ALG9, was robust [low variation, low M-value, high (99.5%) PCR efficiency] and unaffected by sample processing. Test meals, long-term PPI use (>1 year), age, sex and ethnicity had no effect on the signature. Expression of two genes, ALP2 and CD59 correlated strongly with RNA integrity (R=0.72, p<0.001) and could be used to assess storage and processing. CONCLUSIONS: The 51 marker gene signature was robust and reproducible, exhibiting acceptable inter- and intra-assay metrics (<5%). Feeding, PPI intake, age, sex and ethnicity do not affect the signature. Expression levels of APLP2 and CD59 are effective surrogate markers of proper sample collection and processing. 
Meperidine (Demerol()) is a mu- and kappa-opiate receptor agonist used for moderate to severe pain. Overdose can result in respiratory depression, hypotension and coma, while accumulation of its toxic metabolite, normeperidine, can cause delirium and seizures. Little data exist examining the inter- and intrasubject variability of the normeperidine-to-meperidine metabolic ratio (MR) in urine. This retrospective data analysis examined meperidine and normeperidine urine concentrations collected from chronic pain patients. In 98 subjects with multiple visits, the geometric mean urinary MR = 6.1 (coefficient of variation, %CV = 68%). From single specimens obtained from 799 subjects, the geometric mean urinary MR = 6.2 (%CV = 212%). The urinary MR increased in young subjects compared with elderly (P = 0.004) and middle-aged subjects (P = 0.01). A 27% difference was found between the male and female urinary MR (male geometric mean MR = 5.1, female geometric mean MR = 7.0, P = 0.02). Intersubject variability in meperidine metabolism was 3-fold greater than intrasubject variability. A significant difference in the urinary MR was found between males and females. The substantial variability in meperidine metabolism and the serious side effects of its metabolite normeperidine require greater vigilance in patient medication monitoring. 
Quantitation in plasma-based proteomics necessitates the reproducible removal of highly abundant proteins to enable the less abundant proteins to be visible to the mass spectrometer. We have evaluated immunodepletion (proteoprep20) and enrichment (Bio-Rad beads), as the current predominant approaches. Label-free analysis offers an opportunity to estimate the effectiveness of this approach without incorporating chemical labels. Human plasma samples were used to quantitatively assess the reproducibility of these two methods using nano-LC-data-independent acquisition MS. We have selected 18 candidate proteins and a comparison of both methodologies showed that both of the methods were reproducible and fell below 20% residual SD. With the same candidate proteins, individual inter-day variability for the samples was also processed, allowing us to monitor instrument reproducibility. Overall, a total of 131 proteins were identified by both methods with 272 proteins identified by enrichment and 200 identified by immunodepletion. Reproducibility of measurements of the amount of protein in the processed sample for individual proteins is within analytically acceptable standards for both methodologies. This enables both methods to be used for biomarker studies. However, when sample is limited, enrichment is not suitable as larger volumes (>1.0 mL) are required. In experiments where sample is not limited then a greater number of proteins can be reliably identified using enrichment. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Folate, pyridoxine and cobalamin are coenzymatically essential in one-carbon methyl metabolism, and their deficiencies could explain some alterations during breast carcinogenesis. We aimed to evaluate the validity of folate, pyridoxine and cobalamin estimates from a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) on the basis of their corresponding fasting plasma biomarkers, in breast cancer (BC) patients. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In a prospective, consecutive case series, 149 women with primary BC aged between 30 and 69 years as a representative sample of Iranian women with BC were recruited. The 136-item FFQ was used for the validity assay. Fasting plasma folate and cobalamin were tested by automated electrochemiluminescence. The high-pressure liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection was used to determine the plasma levels of pyridoxal-5'-phosphate (PLP) and total homocysteine (tHcy). RESULTS: Area under the curve (AUC) for assessing the diagnostic accuracy of folate-related data through an FFQ was 0.74 (P<0.01) in the reference model (folate plasma level<5.9 ng/ml), with sensitivity and specificity of 68% and 63%, respectively. The positive and negative predictive values (PPV and NPV) were 96.9% and 96.8%, respectively. The AUC for cobalamin intake in the reference model (plasma cobalamin<260 pmol/l) was 0.64 (P<0.01), with 60% sensitivity and 61% specificity. Although tHcy 10.0 mol/l was used as reference indicator, the folate intake (AUC=0.71, P<0.01) and cobalamin intake status (AUC=0.67, P<0.05) were also determined appropriately by FFQ. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary folate and cobalamin estimates from FFQ were significantly correlated with their fasting plasma concentrations. Our data supported the validity of new FFQ to rank individuals by dietary intake status of folate and cobalamin. 
Dietary fiber intake might reduce cardiovascular risk factor levels and, in turn, might lower the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). A total of 11,113 subjects, aged 20 to 79years with no history of CVD, from the 2005 to 2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were included in the present study to examine associations of dietary fiber intake with predicted lifetime CVD risk and C-reactive protein levels. Dietary fiber intake showed a significant gradient association with the likelihood of having a low or an intermediate predicted lifetime CVD risk among young and middle-age adults. In fully adjusted multinomial logistic models, dietary fiber intake was related to a low lifetime CVD risk with an odds ratio of 2.71 (95% confidence interval 2.05 to 3.59) in the young adults and 2.13 (95% confidence interval 1.42 to 3.20) in the middle-age adults and was related to an intermediate lifetime risk of 2.65 (95% confidence interval 1.79 to 3.92) in the young and 1.98 (95% confidence interval 1.32 to 2.98) in the middle-age adults compared with a high lifetime risk. A significant inverse linear association was seen between dietary fiber intake and log-transformed C-reactive protein levels with a regression coefficient  standard error of-0.18  0.04 in the highest quartile of fiber intake compared with the lowest fiber intake. In conclusion, these data suggest that dietary fiber intake is independently associated with the predicted lifetime CVD risk, especially in young and middle-age adults. A greater amount of dietary fiber intake might be associated with lower C-reactive protein levels. 
AIM: Mushrooms are known to be a major food source of selenium, a mineral associated with diabetes prevalence. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between mushroom and dietary selenium intakes and blood glucose levels in a free-living adult Italian population. METHODS: A total of 6879 men and 6891 women (aged 53.111.0years) with neither diabetes nor on special diets were analyzed from the population randomly recruited for the Moli-sani study. The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) food frequency questionnaire was used for dietary assessment. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels were measured from fasting serum samples, and diabetes prevalence was determined according to American Diabetes Association diagnostic criteria. RESULTS: In men, an increase of one (30-g) portion/week in mushroom consumption was associated with a 0.43-0.55mmol/L increase in FBG at different levels of adjustment (P<0.05). In both men and women, dietary selenium was positively associated with blood glucose in both unadjusted and fully adjusted models (P<0.05 for all). Both mushroom and dietary selenium intakes were independently associated with blood glucose on multivariate analyses. In addition, high intakes of both were associated with higher diabetes prevalence in men and women (OR>1, P<0.05). CONCLUSION: The association of mushroom and selenium intakes with FBG suggests that mushroom and selenium might each independently increase the risk of diabetes. However, prospective studies are now necessary to confirm this hypothesis. 
The development and validation of a LC-MS/MS method is often performed using pooled human plasma, which may fail to account for variations in interindividual matrices. Since calibrator standards and quality control samples are routinely prepared in pooled human plasma, variations in the extraction recovery and/or matrix effect between pooled plasma and individual patient plasma can cause erroneous measurements. Using both pooled human plasma as well as individual healthy donor and cancer patient plasma samples, we evaluated the analytical performance of two classes of internal standards (i.e., non-isotope-labeled and isotope-labeled) in the quantitative LC-MS/MS analysis of lapatinib. After exhaustive extraction with organic solvent, the recovery of lapatinib, a highly plasma protein-bound drug, varied up to 2.4-fold (range, 29-70%) in 6 different donors of plasma and varied up to 3.5-fold (range, 16-56%) in the pretreatment plasma samples from 6 cancer patients. No apparent matrix effects were observed for lapatinib in both pooled and individual donor or patient plasma samples. The calibration curve range was 5-5000ng/ml of lapatinib in plasma. Both the non-isotope-labeled (zileuton) and isotope-labeled (lapatinib-d3) internal standard methods showed acceptable specificity, accuracy (within 10010%), and precision (<11%) in the determination of lapatinib in pooled human plasma. Nevertheless, only the isotope-labeled internal standard could correct for the interindividual variability in the recovery of lapatinib from patient plasma samples. As inter- and intra-patient matrix variability is commonly presented in the clinical setting, this study provides an example underscoring the importance of using a stable isotope-labeled internal standard in quantitative LC-MS/MS analysis for therapeutic drug monitoring or pharmacokinetic evaluation. 
BACKGROUND: Patients undergoing radical cystectomy (RC) for urothelial carcinoma of the bladder (UCB) are at risk for upper urinary tract recurrence (UUTR), especially in case of carcinoma in situ (CIS). Data on the impact of CIS in the urinary bladder on ureteral tumour involvement or UUTR are conflicting. We presently evaluate the accuracy of intraoperative frozen section analysis (FSA) of the ureteral margin, the incidence of ureteral tumour involvement and their impact on UUTR in patients undergoing RC for UCB with versus without CIS of the bladder. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Between 2003 and 2007, 243 patients underwent RC in our department. 176 of these for UCB, either without CIS (n = 117, group I) or solitary/concomitant CIS (n = 59, group II). FSA was performed. Patients were followed up for UUTR. RESULTS: Overall, 403 ureteral margins--including re-resections--were analysed (group I, n = 232; group II, n = 171). One patient (0.85%) in group I and 21 patients (35.6%) in group II had tumour involvement of the ureter (p < 0.0001) at the time of RC. The false-negative rate of FSA compared to final histopathology was 0.4% (1/232) for group I and 2.9% (5/171) for group II, respectively. Mean duration of follow-up was 26 months (1-72). In group II, 2 patients (1.1%) had UUTR in the follow-up; both had initially positive and subsequently false-negative FSA. CONCLUSIONS: Tumour involvement of the ureter is found significantly more often in solitary or concomitant CIS of the bladder. Intraoperative ureteral FSA is accurate and should be recommended in these patients. Ureteral tumour involvement predisposes to UUTR especially with initial positive margins mandating careful follow-up. 
BACKGROUND: Systems for self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) have to provide accurate and reproducible blood glucose (BG) values in order to ensure adequate therapeutic decisions by people with diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twelve SMBG systems were compared in a standardized manner under controlled laboratory conditions: nine systems were available on the German market and were purchased from a local pharmacy, and three systems were obtained from the manufacturer (two systems were available on the U.S. market, and one system was not yet introduced to the German market). System accuracy was evaluated following DIN EN ISO (International Organization for Standardization) 15197:2003. In addition, measurement reproducibility was assessed following a modified TNO (Netherlands Organization for Applied Scientific Research) procedure. Comparison measurements were performed with either the glucose oxidase method (YSI 2300 STAT Plus glucose analyzer; YSI Life Sciences, Yellow Springs, OH) or the hexokinase method (cobas() c111; Roche Diagnostics GmbH, Mannheim, Germany) according to the manufacturer's measurement procedure. RESULTS: The 12 evaluated systems showed between 71.5% and 100% of the measurement results within the required system accuracy limits. Ten systems fulfilled with the evaluated test strip lot minimum accuracy requirements specified by DIN EN ISO 15197:2003. In addition, accuracy limits of the recently published revision ISO 15197:2013 were applied and showed between 54.5% and 100% of the systems' measurement results within the required accuracy limits. Regarding measurement reproducibility, each of the 12 tested systems met the applied performance criteria. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, 83% of the systems fulfilled with the evaluated test strip lot minimum system accuracy requirements of DIN EN ISO 15197:2003. Each of the tested systems showed acceptable measurement reproducibility. In order to ensure sufficient measurement quality of each distributed test strip lot, regular evaluations are required. 
BACKGROUND: Observational studies have mostly found no association between self-reported whole-grain intake and prostate cancer. Plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites have been suggested as biomarkers for whole-grain intake in free-living populations. METHODS: We investigated the major dietary and lifestyle determinants of plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites in a nested case-control study (1,016 cases and 1,817 controls) in the Malm Diet and Cancer Study. Multivariate adjusted ORs and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were estimated to assess the association between plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites and prostate cancer using logistic regression. RESULTS: Whole-grain intake, waist circumference, educational level, and smoking status were the main determinants of alkylresorcinol metabolites. We observed significant correlations between alkylresorcinol metabolites and whole-grain (r = 0.31) and fiber (r = 0.27) intake. Metabolite concentration was positively associated with prostate cancer risk (Poverall effect = 0.0004) but the association was not linear (P = 0.04). The lowest risk was seen among men with moderate plasma concentrations. The OR for high compared with moderate plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites was 1.41 (95% CI, 1.10-1.80) for prostate cancer. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites are mainly determined by whole-grain intake in this nested case-control study of Swedish men. The increased risk of prostate cancer seen among men with high plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites requires further study, but residual confounding, detection bias, or competing risks of nonprostate cancer-related deaths are plausible explanations that could not be ruled out. IMPACT: We found no evidence of a protective effect of whole grains on incident prostate cancer. Further validation of alkylresorcinol metabolites as a biomarker for whole-grain intake is needed. 
BACKGROUND: A reduction in the formation of free radicals and oxidative stress might reduce the rate of bone loss and muscle wasting. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether -tocopherol intake or serum concentrations are associated with fracture risk in older women and men. DESIGN: Two cohort studies, the Swedish Mammography Cohort (SMC; n = 61,433 women) and the Uppsala Longitudinal Study of Adult Men (ULSAM; n = 1138 men), were used. RESULTS: During 19 y of follow-up, 14,738 women in the SMC experienced a first fracture at any site (3871 hip fractures). A higher hip fracture rate was observed with lower intakes of -tocopherol. Compared with the highest quintile of intake, the lowest quintile had a multivariable-adjusted HR of 1.86 (95% CI: 1.67, 2.06). The HR of any fracture was 1.20 (95% CI: 1.14, 1.28). -Tocopherol-containing supplement use was associated with a reduced rate of hip fracture (HR: 0.78; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.93) and any fracture (HR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.78, 0.94). Compared with the highest quintile of -tocopherol intake in ULSAM (follow-up: 12 y), lower intakes (quintiles 1-4) were associated with a higher rate of hip fracture (HR: 3.33; 95% CI: 1.43, 7.76) and any fracture (HR: 1.84; 95% CI: 1.18, 2.88). The HR for hip fracture in men for each 1-SD decrease in serum -tocopherol was 1.58 (95% CI: 1.13, 2.22) and for any fracture was 1.23 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.48). CONCLUSION: Low intakes and low serum concentrations of -tocopherol are associated with an increased rate of fracture in elderly women and men. 
INTRODUCTION: Although alcohol abuse is associated with hypertension in whites and nonwhites, it has been scarcely investigated in HIV-infected patients. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether the association of alcohol abuse with hypertension is influenced by skin color in HIV-infected individuals. METHODS: Cross-sectional study in HIV-infected individuals aged 18 years or older. Demographic characteristics, lifestyle, and HIV infection were investigated. Alcohol abuse was defined as  15 (women) and  30g/alcohol/day (men), and binge drinking by the intake of  5 drinks on a single occasion. Hypertension was defined by blood pressure  140/90mmHg or use of blood pressure-lowering agents. RESULTS: We studied 1,240 individuals, with 39.1  10 years, 51% males and 57% whites. Age and body mass index were associated with blood pressure, and there was an independent association of alcohol abuse with hypertension in whites (RR = 1.9, 95% CI 1.1-3.3) and nonwhites (RR = 2.4, 95% CI 1.4 to 4.0). Among nonwhite individuals who were alcohol abusers, systolic (9.3  3.2; P = 0.001) and diastolic blood pressures (6.4  2.1; P = 0.008) were higher than in nonabusers. CONCLUSION: Alcohol abuse is a risk factor for hypertension in white and nonwhite HIV-infected individuals. The association of ethanol consumption with blood pressure is not explained by AIDS-related conditions. 
The various toxic effects associated with inorganic arsenic (iAs) warrants that exposure sources be identified. This pilot study evaluated if greater seafood consumption from Vieques-Puerto Rico is associated with increased exposure to iAs. Nail, hair, and urine samples were used as biomarkers of iAs exposure in adult women and men from Vieques classified as high (n = 31) and low (n = 21) seafood consumers, who reported eating fish and/or shellfish 1 time per week and once per month or less, respectively. The sum of urinary iAs (As III + As V), monomethylarsonic acid (MA[V]), and dimethylarsinic acid (DMA[V]), denoted as SumAs, fluctuated from 3.3 g/g Cr (1.2 g/L) to 42.7 g/g Cr (42 g/L) (n = 52). Levels of As in nail samples (n = 49) varied from 0.04 to 0.82 g/g dry weight (dw), whereas in hair (n = 49) As was only detected in 49 % of the samples with a maximum value of 0.95 g/g dw. None of the biomarkers of exposure to As exceeded exposure reference values for urine (50 g/g Cr or 50 g/L), nails (1 g/g), or hair (1 g/g). However, median (10.0 g/g Cr; 10.6 g/L) and 95th percentile (31.9 g/g Cr; 40.4 g/L) of urinary SumAs were higher in Vieques samples than in the those from the general population of other countries. Among the three biomarkers of exposure, nail samples reflected better the exposure to iAs from seafood consumption with significantly higher average As concentrations in high (0.24 g/g) than low (0.12 g/g) seafood consumers. Multivariate results for As in nail samples (R(2) = 0.55, p < 0.0001) showed a positive association with fish consumption, particularly for men, with levels increasing with years of residency in Vieques.
Quantitative plasma proteomics, through the use of targeted MRM-MS and isotopically labeled standards, is emerging as a popular technique to address biological- and biomedical-centered queries. High precision and accuracy are essential in such measurements, particularly in protein biomarker research where translation to the clinic is sought. Standardized procedures and routine performance evaluation of all stages of the workflow (both pre-analytical and analytical) are therefore imperative to satisfy these requisites and enable high inter-laboratory reproducibility and transferability. In this review, we first discuss the pre-analytical and analytical variables that can affect the precision and accuracy of 'absolute' quantitative plasma proteomic measurements. Proposed strategies to limit such variability will then be highlighted and unmet needs for future exploration will be noted. Although there is no way to conduct a truly comprehensive review on this broad, rapidly changing topic, we have highlighted key aspects and included references to review articles on various sub-topics. 
Inverse associations have been reported of overall vegetable intake to blood pressure (BP); whether such relations prevail for both raw and cooked vegetables has not been examined. Here we report cross-sectional associations of vegetable intakes with BP for 2195 Americans ages 40-59 in the International Study of Macro/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP) using four standardized multi-pass 24-h dietary recalls and eight BP measurements. Relations to BP of raw and cooked vegetables consumption, and main individual constituents were assessed by multiple linear regression. Intakes of both total raw and total cooked vegetables considered separately were inversely related to BP in multivariate-adjusted models. Estimated average systolic BP differences associated with two s.d. differences in raw vegetable intake (68g per 1000kcal) and cooked vegetable intake (92g per 1000kcal) were -1.9mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI): -3.1, -0.8; P=0.001) and -1.3mmHg (95% CI: -2.5, -0.2; P=0.03) without body mass index (BMI) in the full model; -1.3mmHg (95% CI: -2.4, -0.2; P=0.02) and -0.9mmHg (95% CI: -2.0, 0.2; P=0.1) with additional adjustment for BMI. Among commonly consumed individual raw vegetables, tomatoes, carrots, and scallions related significantly inversely to BP. Among commonly eaten cooked vegetables, tomatoes, peas, celery, and scallions related significantly inversely to BP. 
BACKGROUND: Supra-nutritional doses of curcumin, derived from the spice Curcuma longa, have been proposed as a potential treatment of inflammation and metabolic disorders related to obesity. The aim of the present study was to test whether Curcuma longa extract rich in curcumin and associated with white pepper (Curcuma-P), at doses compatible with human use, could modulate systemic inflammation in diet-induced obese mice. We questioned the potential relevance of changes in adiposity and gut microbiota in the effect of Curcuma-P in obesity. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Mice were fed either a control diet (CT), a high fat (HF) diet or a HF diet containing Curcuma longa extract (0.1 % of curcumin in the HF diet) associated with white pepper (0.01 %) for four weeks. Curcumin has been usually combined with white pepper, which contain piperine, in order to improve its bioavailability. This combination did not significantly modify body weight gain, glycemia, insulinemia, serum lipids and intestinal inflammatory markers. Tetrahydrocurcumin, but not curcumin accumulated in the subcutaneous adipose tissue. Importantly, the co-supplementation in curcuma extract and white pepper decreased HF-induced pro-inflammatory cytokines expression in the subcutaneous adipose tissue, an effect independent of adiposity, immune cells recruitment, angiogenesis, or modulation of gut bacteria controlling inflammation. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: These findings support that nutritional doses of Curcuma longa, associated with white pepper, is able to decrease inflammatory cytokines expression in the adipose tissue and this effect could be rather linked to a direct effect of bioactive metabolites reaching the adipose tissue, than from changes in the gut microbiota composition. 
This study investigated human exposure to neutral, phenolic, and methoxylated organohalogen contaminants (OHCs) in a duplicate diet study to evaluate their concentrations in breast milk and serum of Okinawan people from Japan during 2004-2009. Dietary intakes of phenolic OHCs were predominantly 2,4,6-tribromophenol (TriBP), followed by tetrabromobisphenol A (TBBPA), and 6-hydroxy-2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (6-OH-BDE47). After exposure, TriBP and TBBPA were transferred to breast milk, whereas 6-OH-BDE47 was selectively retained in serum. Despite a lower dietary exposure to pentachlorophenol and 4-hydroxy-CB187, both were retained in serum. For the methoxylated OHCs, 2,4,6-tribromoanisole (TriBA) and 6-methoxy-BDE47 were the predominant dietary contaminants, of which TriBA was present in both breast milk and serum, whereas 6-methoxy-BDE47 was selectively transferred to breast milk. These findings suggest that dietary exposure to phenolic and methoxylated OHCs may result in differential partitioning between breast milk and serum with different pharmacokinetic or exposure routes. 
OBJECTIVE: Adherence to a healthy diet has been shown to decrease the incidence of obesity and associated comorbidities. C-reactive protein (CRP) is an established inflammatory marker and irisin was recently identified as a molecule which may play a role in energy regulation and obesity but whether diet alters irisin levels remains unknown. We aimed to investigate the association between circulating irisin, leptin, and CRP levels and dietary quantity and quality using the Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) and the Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMED). MATERIALS/METHODS: The study evaluated dietary data and biomarker levels of 151 participants between 2009 and 2011 (71 male vs. 80 female, over 35 years old, obese 43.7%). AHEI and aMED scores were calculated based on data derived from self-administered 110-item food-frequency questionnaires estimating usual nutrient intake over the past year. Cross-sectional associations between dietary quantity, quality, body composition by bioelectric impedance, and biomarker levels including irisin, leptin, and CRP after fasting were assessed. RESULTS: CRP, but not irisin, was negatively correlated with AHEI (r=-0.34) and aMED (r=-0.31). Irisin was positively correlated with BMI (r=0.22), fat mass (r=0.21), waist circumference (r=0.24), waist-hip ratio (r=0.20), leptin (r=0.32), and CRP (r=0.25). Participants with the highest AHEI scores tended to have 11.6% lower concentrations of irisin (P for trend =0.09), but they were not significant after adjustment for potential confounders. Better diet quality was associated with lower CRP concentrations (P for trend=0.02) in multivariate model. Percentage of energy from carbohydrate was inversely associated with CRP. CONCLUSIONS: Unlike CRP, irisin is not associated with dietary quality or quantity. 
BACKGROUND: Few studies have investigated the association between whole-grain intake and colorectal cancer. Because whole-grain intake estimation might be prone to measurement errors, more objective measures (eg, biomarkers) could assist in investigating such associations. METHODS: The association between alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain rye and wheat intake, and colorectal cancer incidence were investigated using prediagnostic plasma samples from colorectal cancer case patients and matched control subjects nested within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. We included 1372 incident colorectal cancer case patients and 1372 individual matched control subjects and calculated the incidence rate ratios (IRRs) for overall and anatomical subsites of colorectal cancer using conditional logistic regression adjusted for potential confounders. Regional differences (Scandinavia, the Mediterranean, Central Europe) were also explored. RESULTS: High plasma total alkylresorcinol concentration was associated with lower incidence of distal colon cancer; the adjusted incidence rate ratio of distal colon cancer for the highest vs lowest quartile of plasma total alkylresorcinols was 0.48 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.28 to 0.83). An inverse association between plasma total alkylresorcinol concentrations and colon cancer was found for Scandinavian participants (IRR per doubling = 0.83; 95% CI = 0.70 to 0.98). However, plasma total alkylresorcinol concentrations were not associated with overall colorectal cancer, proximal colon cancer, or rectal cancer. Plasma alkylresorcinols concentrations were associated with colon and distal colon cancer only in Central Europe and Scandinavia (ie, areas where alkylresorcinol levels were higher). CONCLUSIONS: High concentrations of plasma alkylresorcinols were associated with a lower incidence of distal colon cancer but not with overall colorectal cancer, proximal colon cancer, and rectal cancer. 
Apples are rich in polyphenols, which provide antioxidant properties, mediation of cellular processes such as inflammation, and modulation of gut microbiota. In this study we compared genetically engineered apples with increased flavonoids [myeloblastis transcription factor 10 (MYB10)] with nontransformed apples from the same genotype, "Royal Gala" (RG), and a control diet with no apple. Compared with the RG diet, the MYB10 diet contained elevated concentrations of the flavonoid subclasses anthocyanins, flavanol monomers (epicatechin) and oligomers (procyanidin B2), and flavonols (quercetin glycosides), but other plant secondary metabolites were largely unaltered. We used these apples to investigate the effects of dietary flavonoids on inflammation and gut microbiota in 2 mouse feeding trials. In trial 1, male mice were fed a control diet or diets supplemented with 20% MYB10 apple flesh and peel (MYB-FP) or RG apple flesh and peel (RG-FP) for 7 d. In trial 2, male mice were fed MYB-FP or RG-FP diets or diets supplemented with 20% MYB10 apple flesh or RG apple flesh for 7 or 21 d. In trial 1, the transcription levels of inflammation-linked genes in mice showed decreases of >2-fold for interleukin-2 receptor (Il2rb), chemokine receptor 2 (Ccr2), chemokine ligand 10 (Cxcl10), and chemokine receptor 10 (Ccr10) at 7 d for the MYB-FP diet compared with the RG-FP diet (P < 0.05). In trial 2, the inflammation marker prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) in the plasma of mice fed the MYB-FP diet at 21 d was reduced by 10-fold (P < 0.01) compared with the RG-FP diet. In colonic microbiota, the number of total bacteria for mice fed the MYB-FP diet was 6% higher than for mice fed the control diet at 21 d (P = 0.01). In summary, high-flavonoid apple was associated with decreases in some inflammation markers and changes in gut microbiota when fed to healthy mice.
Calorie restriction without malnutrition, commonly referred to as dietary restriction (DR), results in a well-documented extension of life span. DR also produces significant, long-lasting improvements in biomarkers of metabolic health that begin to accrue soon after its introduction. The improvements are attributable in part to the effects of DR on energy balance, which limit fat accumulation through reduction in energy intake. Accumulation of excess body fat occurs when energy intake chronically exceeds the energy costs for growth and maintenance of existing tissue. The resulting obesity promotes the development of insulin resistance, disordered lipid metabolism, and increased expression of inflammatory markers in peripheral tissues. The link between the life-extending effects of DR and adiposity is the subject of an ongoing debate, but it is clear that decreased fat accumulation improves insulin sensitivity and produces beneficial effects on overall metabolic health. Over the last 20 years, dietary methionine restriction (MR) has emerged as a promising DR mimetic because it produces a comparable extension in life span, but surprisingly, does not require food restriction. Dietary MR also reduces adiposity but does so through a paradoxical increase in both energy intake and expenditure. The increase in energy expenditure fully compensates for increased energy intake and effectively limits fat deposition. Perhaps more importantly, the diet increases metabolic flexibility and overall insulin sensitivity and improves lipid metabolism while decreasing systemic inflammation. In this chapter, we describe recent advances in our understanding of the mechanisms and effects of dietary MR and discuss the remaining obstacles to implementing MR as a treatment for metabolic disease. 
OBJECTIVES: To validate the health and lifestyle questionnaire answered by donors to a human milk bank with respect to the presence of illegal drugs, nicotine, and caffeine levels in donor milk. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 400 human milk samples from 63 donors were analyzed by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry for the presence of 14 illegal drugs, nicotine, and caffeine. Demographics and clinical and lifestyle data (illegal drugs, tobacco, and caffeinated beverage use) were collected from the required screening questionnaire of a human milk bank. The relationship between the 2 evaluation techniques was determined. RESULTS: Illegal drugs were not found in donor milk. Nicotine (46.1ng/mL) and cotinine (138.6ng/mL) were quantified in one milk sample from a donor who did not report tobacco use in the questionnaire (1.6% false negative). Caffeine was detected in 45.3% (181/400) of the total milk samples, with a mean concentration of 496778ng/mL. The sensitivity and specificity of the questionnaire to detect caffeine in donor milk was 46% and 77%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The lifestyle questionnaire is reliable for the assessment of illicit drug use by donors to a human milk bank, but there are certain limitations regarding the identification of second-hand smoke exposure and the disclosure of consumption of caffeinated beverages. Data such as smoking habits of partners, type and volume of beverage or food containing caffeine, method of preparation, and time of day of consumption should be collected by the questionnaire. 
Stability of the selected urinary biomarkers of six illicit drugs and two therapeutic opioids in municipal wastewater was studied in order to determine errors associated with their possible transformation in the sewer. The stability was assessed in experiments conducted at 10C and 20C in order to simulate typical winter and summer temperature conditions in the sewer system. Among fourteen substances tested, the most unstable compounds were morphine-3--D glucuronide (MG), 6-acetyl morphine (6-AM), cocaine (COC) and 6-acetyl codeine (6-AC), while all other investigated compounds appeared to be relatively stable over a period of 72 h. The transformation of all degradable compounds followed pseudo-first order kinetics with significantly longer half-times (t1/2) at winter conditions. At 20C, t1/2 of MG, 6-AM, COC and 6-AC was 7h, 87 h, 35 h and 58 h, respectively, while the corresponding t1/2 values at 10C were 18 h, 139 h, 173 h and 87 h. The main transformation mechanism of MG, 6-AM and 6-AC was most probably their enzymatic hydrolysis to morphine (MOR) and codeine (COD), while COC transformation to benzoylecgonine (BE) was primarily governed by chemical hydrolysis. The results indicate that the effect of the observed transformation of urinary biomarkers of COC and 6-AM on the estimates of COC and heroin consumption are relatively small (<10%) if the in-sewer hydraulic retention time is lower than 12h. Acidification of the wastewater samples proved to be the good way to stabilise the wastewater samples for the analysis of all selected compounds, except for 11-nor-9-carboxy-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC-COOH). This finding should be taken into account when selecting the preservation technique for multiresidual analyses of different groups of illicit drugs.
BACKGROUND: We evaluated reliability and clinical usefulness of genotypic resistance testing (GRT) in patients for whom combination antiretroviral therapy (cART) was unsuccessful with viremia levels 50-1000 copies/mL, for whom GRT is generally not recommended by current guidelines. METHODS: The genotyping success rate was evaluated in 12 828 human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) plasma samples with viremia >50 copies/mL, tested using the commercial ViroSeq HIV-1 Genotyping System or a homemade system. Phylogenetic analysis was performed to test the reliability and reproducibility of the GRT at low-level viremia (LLV). Drug resistance was evaluated in 3895 samples from 2200 patients for whom treatment was unsuccessful (viremia >50 copies/mL) by considering the resistance mutations paneled in the 2013 International Antiviral Society list. RESULTS: Overall, the success rate of amplification/sequencing was 96.4%. Viremia levels of 50-200 and 201-500 copies/mL afforded success rates of 67.2% and 88.1%, respectively, reaching 93.2% at 501-1000 copies/mL and 97.3% above 1000 copies/mL. A high homology among sequences belonging to the same subject for 96.4% of patients analyzed was found. The overall resistance prevalence was 74%. Drug resistance was commonly found also at LLV. In particular, by stratifying for different viremia ranges, detection of resistance was as follows: 50-200 copies/mL = 52.8%; 201-500 = 70%; 501-1000 = 74%; 1001-10 000 = 86.1%; 10 001-100 000 = 76.7%; and >100 000 = 63% (P < .001). Similar bell-shaped results were found when the GRT analysis was restricted to 2008-2012, although at a slightly lower prevalence. CONCLUSIONS: In patients failing cART with LLV, HIV-1 genotyping provides reliable and reproducible results that are informative about emerging drug resistance. 
The aim of the present study was to investigate the associations of iron depletion (ID) with menstrual blood losses, lifestyle, and dietary habits, in pubertal girls. The study sample comprised 1222 girls aged 9-13 years old. Biochemical, anthropometrical, dietary, clinical, and physical activity data were collected. Out of 274 adolescent girls with menses, 33.5% were found to be iron depleted (defined as serum ferritin < 12 g/L) compared to 15.9% out of 948 girls without menses. Iron-depleted girls without menses were found to have lower consumption of poultry (P = 0.017) and higher consumption of fruits (P = 0.044) and fast food (P = 0.041) compared to their peers having normal iron status. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that girls with menses were 2.57 (95% CI: 1.37, 4.81) times more likely of being iron depleted compared to girls with no menses. Iron depletion was found to be associated with high calcium intake, high consumption of fast foods, and low consumption of poultry and fruits. Menses was the only factor that was found to significantly increase the likelihood of ID in these girls. More future research is probably needed in order to better understand the role of diet and menses in iron depletion.
This study was performed in order to analyze the relationships between hair zinc, lead, and cadmium with the kind of diet consumed (by recall of the diet consumed the previous 14 days), living area (urban or rural), tobacco smoking, and body mass index (BMI) among 419 individuals of the Canary Archipelago. Median values and interquartile range were 43 g/g (18.50-132.50) for zinc, 4.09 g/g (2.19-8.38) for lead, and 0.128 g/g (0.05-0.30) for cadmium. We observed that hair zinc was markedly elevated among those consuming fish more frequently and, to a lesser amount, among those who consumed meat frequently, among those living in urban areas, and among those with BMI over 25 kg/m(2), keeping a significant relationship with BMI. Hair lead was also higher among fish consumers, showed a trend to higher values among inhabitants of urban areas, and was lower among obese individuals. Hair cadmium was higher among those who consumed less vegetables and fruits. By multivariate analysis, introducing the variables meat, fish, and vegetable consumption, urban/rural; sex; age; and BMI values, we observed that fish consumption (beta = 0.15) was the only variable independently associated to higher zinc levels; fish consumption (beta = 0.15) and meat consumption (beta = 0.17) were related to high cadmium levels, whereas meat consumption was significantly associated to higher hair lead levels (beta = 0.15). Therefore, we conclude that hair zinc, cadmium, and lead seem to depend more heavily on dietary habits than on tobacco consumption or living in rural or urban areas.
BACKGROUND: Abnormal serum potassium is associated with an increased risk of mortality in dialysis patients. However, the impacts of serum potassium levels on short- and long-term mortality and association of potassium variability with death in peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients are uncertain. METHODS: We examined mortality-predictability of serum potassium at baseline and its variability in PD patients treated in our center January 2006 through December 2010 with follow-up through December 2012. The hazard ratios (HRs) were used to assess the relationship between baseline potassium levels and short-term (1 year) as well as long-term (>1 year) survival. Variability of serum potassium was defined as the coefficient of variation of serum potassium (CVSP) during the first year of PD. RESULTS: A total of 886 incident PD patients were enrolled, with 248 patients (27.9%) presented hypokalemia (serum potassium <3.5 mEq/L). During a median follow-up of 31 months (range: 0.5-81.0 months), adjusted all-cause mortality hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for baseline serum potassium of <3.0, 3.0 to <3.5, 3.5 to <4.0, 4.5 to <5.0, and 5.0 mEq/L, compared with 4.0 to <4.5 (reference), were 1.79 (1.02-3.14), 1.15 (0.72-1.86), 1.31 (0.82-2.08), 1.33 (0.71-2.48), 1.28 (0.53-3.10), respectively. The increased risk of lower potassium with mortality was evident during the first year of follow-up, but vanished thereafter. Adjusted all-cause mortality HR for CVSP increments of 7.5% to <12.0%; 12.0% to <16.7% and 16.7%, compared with <7.5% (reference), were 1.35 (0.67-2.71), 2.00 (1.05-3.83) and 2.18 (1.18-4.05), respectively. Similar association was found between serum potassium levels and its variability and cardiovascular mortality. CONCLUSIONS: A lower serum potassium level was associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality during the first year of follow-up in incident PD patients. In addition, higher variability of serum potassium levels conferred an increased risk of death in this population. 
Biomarkers of food consumption are a powerful tool to obtain more objective measurements of dietary exposure and to monitor compliance in clinical trials. In this study, we evaluated the effectiveness of urinary isoxanthohumol (IX) excretion as an accurate biomarker of beer consumption. A dose-response clinical trial, a randomized, crossover clinical trial, and a cohort study were performed. In the dose-response trial, 41 young volunteers (males and females, aged 28  3 y) consumed different doses of beer at night and a spot urine sample was collected the following morning. In the clinical trial, 33 males with high cardiovascular risk (aged 61  7 y) randomly were administered 30 g of ethanol/d as gin or beer, or an equivalent amount of polyphenols as nonalcoholic beer for 4 wk. Additionally, a subsample of 46 volunteers from the PREDIMED (Prevencin con Dieta Mediterrnea) study (males and females, aged 63  5 y) was also evaluated. Prenylflavonoids were quantified in urine samples by liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. IX urinary recovery increased linearly with the size of the beer dose in male volunteers. A significant increase in IX excretion (4.0  1.6 g/g creatinine) was found after consumption of beer and nonalcoholic beer for 4 wk (P < 0.001). Receiver operating characteristic curves showed that IX is able to discriminate between beer consumers and abstainers with a sensitivity of 67% and specificity of 100% (positive predictive value = 70%, negative predictive value = 100% in real-life conditions). IX in urine samples was found to be a specific and accurate biomarker of beer consumption and may be a powerful tool in epidemiologic studies.
SCOPE: Whole-grain foods have been reported to affect serum levels of inflammatory cytokines. However, we are aware of no study examining the effect of whole-grain intake on inflammatory biomarkers among children. The present study aimed to determine the effect of whole-grain intake on serum levels of inflammatory biomarkers in overweight or obese children. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this randomized crossover clinical trial, 44 overweight or obese girls aged 8-15 years participated. After a 2-week run-in period, subjects were randomly assigned to either whole-grain or control groups. Subjects in the whole-grain group were given a list of whole-grain foods and were asked to obtain half of their needed servings of grains from whole-grain foods each day for 6 weeks. Individuals in the control group were also given a list of whole-grain foods and were asked not to consume any of these foods during the intervention phase of the study. A 4-week washout period was applied following which subjects were crossed over to the alternate arm for an additional 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken before and after each phase of the study to quantify markers of systemic inflammation. Mean age, weight, and BMI of study participants were 11.2  1.49 years, 51.2  10.2 kg, and 23.5  2.5 kg/m(2) , respectively. No significant effect of whole-grain intake on weight and BMI was seen compared with the control group. We found a significant effect of whole-grain intake on serum levels of high-sensitive C-reactive protein (-21.8 versus +12.1%, p = 0.03), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (-28.4 versus +6.3%, p = 0.02), serum amyloid A (-17.4 versus +9.9%, p = 0.02), and leptin (-9.7 versus +39.2%, p = 0.02) after 6 weeks. A trend toward the significant effect of whole-grain intake on serum levels of soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (-36.2% versus -7.8%, p = 0.07) was also observed. CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence supporting the beneficial effects of whole-grain foods on biomarkers of systemic inflammation in obese children. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the feasibility of blood oxygen level dependent magnetic resonance imaging (BOLD-MRI) in evaluating human visceral adipose tissue (AT) oxygenation induced by salt loading/depletion and its association with changes in circulating monocyte subsets. METHODS: A dietary intervention study was performed in 23 healthy volunteers beginning with a 3-day usual diet followed by a 7-day high-salt diet (15 g NaCl/day) and a 7-day low-salt diet (5 g NaCl/day). BOLD-MRI was used to evaluate oxygenation in perirenal AT. RESULTS: Salt loading led to a consistent AT hypoxia (increase in the R2* signal, 25.2  0.90 s(-1) vs. baseline 21.5  0.71 s(-1) , P < 0.001) and suppression of circulating renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS), as well as an expansion of the CD14++CD16+ monocytes and monocyte pro-inflammatory activation. In salt depletion phase, the hypoxic state of AT and the expanded CD14++CD16+ monocyte pool were regressed to baseline levels, accompanied by a rebound activation of RAAS. Moreover, AT oxygenation level was positively correlated with the CD14++CD16+ monocytes (r = 0.419, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This work provides proof-of-principle evidence supporting the feasibility of BOLD-MRI in monitoring visceral AT oxygenation in humans induced by dietary salt loading/depletion. In addition, the CD14++CD16+ monocytes may participate in the pathogenesis of high-salt intake induced AT hypoxia. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to examine the relationship between amino acid (AA) intake and serum lipid profile in European adolescents from eight European cities participating in the cross-sectional (2006-2007) HELENA (Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence) study, and to assess whether this association was independent of total fat intake. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Diet, skinfold thickness, triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), TC/HDL-c ratio, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), apolipoprotein B (Apo B), apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1) and Apo B/Apo A1 ratio were measured in 454 12.5- to 17.5-year-old adolescents (44% boys). Intake was assessed via two non-consecutive 24-h dietary recalls. Data on maternal education and sedentary behaviors were obtained via questionnaires. Physical activity was objectively measured by accelerometry. RESULTS: Alanine, arginine, asparaginic acid, glycine, histidine, lysine and serine intakes were inversely associated with serum TG concentrations in both boys and girls. Intake of other AA like alanine and/or arginine was also inversely associated with serum TC, LDL-c and Apo B/Apo A1 ratio only in girls. An inverse association was observed between intakes of alanine, isoleucine, leucine, methionine, serine, tryptophan, tyrosine and valine and TC/HDL-c ratio among female adolescents. Similar results were found in males for serine and tryptophan intakes. It is noteworthy, however, that associations were no longer significant in both genders when total fat intake was considered as a confounding factor. CONCLUSIONS: In this sample of adolescents, the association between AA intakes and serum lipid profile did not persist when dietary fat was considered. Therefore, dietary interventions and health promotion activities should focus on fat intake to improve lipid profile and potentially prevent cardiovascular disease. 
Fructose consumption has been associated with the surge in obesity and dyslipidemia. This may be mediated by the fructose effects on hepatic lipids and ATP levels. Fructose metabolism provides carbons for de novo lipogenesis (DNL) and stimulates enterocyte secretion of apoB48. Thus, fructose-induced hepatic triglyceride (HTG) accumulation can be attributed to both DNL stimulation and dietary lipid absorption. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of fructose diet on HTG and ATP content and the contributions of dietary lipids and DNL to HTG. Measurements were performed in vivo in mice by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and novel magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) approaches. Abdominal adipose tissue volume and intramyocellular lipid levels were comparable between 8-wk fructose- and glucose-fed mice. HTG levels were 1.5-fold higher in fructose-fed than in glucose-fed mice (P<0.05). Metabolic flux analysis by (13)C and (2)H MRS showed that this was not due to dietary lipid absorption, but due to DNL stimulation. The contribution of oral lipids to HTG was, after 5 h, 1.60  0.23% for fructose and 2.16  0.35% for glucose diets (P=0.26), whereas that of DNL was higher in fructose than in glucose diets (2.550.51 vs.1.130.24%, P=0.01). Hepatic energy status, assessed by (31)P MRS, was similar for fructose- and glucose-fed mice. Fructose-induced HTG accumulation is better explained by DNL and not by dietary lipid uptake, while not compromising ATP homeostasis.
BACKGROUND: Smartphone-based assessment may be a useful diagnostic and monitoring tool for patients. There have been many attempts to create a smartphone diagnostic tool for clinical use in various medical fields but few have demonstrated scientific validity. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to develop a smartphone application of the International Prostate Symptom Score (IPSS) and to demonstrate its validity and reliability. METHODS: From June 2012 to May 2013, a total of 1581 male participants (40 years old), with or without lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), visited our urology clinic via the health improvement center at Soonchunhyang University Hospital (Republic of Korea) and were enrolled in this study. A randomized repeated measures crossover design was employed using a smartphone application of the IPSS and the conventional paper form of the IPSS. Paired t test under a hypothesis of non-inferior trial was conducted. For the reliability test, the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was measured. RESULTS: The total score of the IPSS (P=.289) and each item of the IPSS (P=.157-1.000) showed no differences between the paper version and the smartphone version of the IPSS. The mild, moderate, and severe LUTS groups showed no differences between the two versions of the IPSS. A significant correlation was noted in the total group (ICC=.935, P<.001). The mild, moderate, and severe LUTS groups also showed significant correlations (ICC=.616, .549, and .548 respectively, all P<.001).There was selection bias in this study, as only participants who had smartphones could participate. CONCLUSIONS: The validity and reliability of the smartphone application version were comparable to the conventional paper version of the IPSS. The smartphone application of the IPSS could be an effective method for measuring lower urinary tract symptoms. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to quantitatively summarize the association of dietary magnesium (Mg) intake with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) levels in the general population. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Observational and experimental studies through February 2013 were reviewed in PubMed and EMBASE. Additional information was retrieved through Google or hand search of related reference lists. The main outcome is either adjusted geometric mean of CRP or odds ratio (OR) of having serum CRP  3 mg/l. Meta-regression was used to determine the linear association of dietary Mg intake and adjusted geometric means of CRP levels. A fixed-effects model was used to pool ORs of interest, comparing those in the lowest with those in the highest group of dietary Mg intake. RESULTS: A data set derived from seven cross-sectional studies including 32,918 participants was quantitatively assessed. A weighted inverse association between Mg intake and serum CRP levels was observed (-coefficient: -0.0028; 95% confidence interval (CI), -0.0043 to -0.0013; P(trend) = 0.001) from four cross-sectional studies. The pooled OR (95% CI) of having CRP  3 mg/l was 1.49 (1.18-1.89) on comparing the lowest to the highest group of Mg intake from three studies with the data available. Qualitative assessment among five intervention studies also showed a potential beneficial effect of Mg intake on serum CRP levels. CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis and systematic review indicates that dietary Mg intake is significantly and inversely associated with serum CRP levels. The potential beneficial effect of Mg intake on chronic diseases may be, at least in part, explained by inhibiting inflammation. 
Tacrolimus, an immunosuppressant drug, presents a narrow therapeutic window and a large pharmacokinetic variability with poor correlation between drug dosing regimen and blood concentration. The objective was to identify predictive factors influencing tacrolimus trough concentrations (C0) using a bottom-up approach. A physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model of tacrolimus was proposed, taking into account the body weight, the proportion of fat (P(fat)), hematocrit, lipid fraction of organs, typical intrinsic clearance (CLi(typ)), CYP3A5 genotype of liver donor, plasma unbound fraction of tacrolimus (fu(p)), and concomitant drugs (CYP3A4 inhibitors). For the evaluation of the PBPK model, mean C0 and concentrations 2 h after oral dose of tacrolimus were compared with those from 66 liver transplant recipients included in a multicentric pharmacokinetic study and were found very close. Tacrolimus concentration profiles were simulated in a virtual population defined by a set of covariate values similar to those from the real population. The sensitivity of tacrolimus C0 with respect to each covariate has been tested to identify the most influential ones. With the range of covariate values tested, the impact of each covariate on tacrolimus C0 may be ranked as follows: fu(p), CLi(typ), bioavailability, body weight, hematocrit, CYP3A5 polymorphism, P(fat), and CYP3A4 inhibitory drug-drug interactions. Values for initial dosing regimen of tacrolimus in order to reach a C0 of 10 ng/ml at day 5 (assuming a constant dosing schedule) as a function of CYP3A5 donor genotype and patient's hematocrit and body weight are proposed.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Dietary patterns are associated cross-sectionally with cellular adhesion molecules (CAMs). We studied prospective associations of three dietary patterns with CAMs. METHODS AND RESULTS: In the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study, diet was assessed at years 0 (1985-86) and 7 (1992-93) examinations. Four circulating CAMs (E-selectin, P-selectin, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1), and vascular cellular adhesion molecule (VCAM)) were assayed at years 7 and 15 (2000-01). We created one index score "A Priori Diet Quality Score" and derived dietary patterns using principal components analysis (PCA). Multivariable linear regression models predicted year 15 CAMs from averaged (year 0/7) dietary patterns. The A Priori Diet Quality Score rated 46 food groups beneficial, neutral or adverse based on hypothesized health effects. We derived two PCA dietary patterns: "fruit and vegetables (FV)" (high intakes of fruit, vegetables, and whole grains) and "meat" (high intakes of red meat, refined grain, and butter). All dietary patterns were related to E-selectin and sICAM-1. P-selectin was not related to the FV dietary pattern. VCAM was only related to the A Priori Diet Quality Score. Strongest associations were for the meat dietary pattern with E-selectin (effect size 28% of an SD (+3.9/13.7 ng/mL)) and P-selectin (effect size 37% of an SD (+4.1/11.2 ng/mL)) and the A Priori Diet Quality Score with sICAM-1 (effect size 34% of an SD (-15.1/44.7 ng/mL)) and VCAM (effect size of 26% of an SD (-45.1/170.3 ng/mL)). CONCLUSION: This prospective analysis suggests that dietary patterns are associated with CAMs. 
Intake of different types of protein may be associated with differences in biomarkers among various populations. This work investigated the influence of protein intake from haem and non-haem animals as well as protein from plants on haematological and biochemical parameters in inflammation among apparently-healthy adults living in Greece, a Mediterranean country. Four hundred and ninety apparently-healthy subjects (46 +/- 16 years, 40% men), who consecutively visited Polykliniki General Hospital for routine examinations, voluntarily agreed to participate in the study (participation rate 85%). Demographic, anthropometric and lifestyle characteristics were recorded. Participants completed a valid, semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Protein intake was classified into three sources: protein from haem animals, protein from non-haem animals, and protein from plant origin. Fasting blood samples were taken from all participants; uric acid, creatinine, lipids, cystatin C, haptoglobin, haemoglobin, haematocrit, iron, ferritin, white blood cells, monocytes, platelets, and C-reactive protein were measured. Protein intake from only haem animals was associated with increased haemoglobin and haematocrit levels (p < 0.05) whereas intake of protein from non-haem animals and plant origin was not associated with the investigated haematological and biochemical markers of low-grade chronic inflammation when lifestyle factors and overall dietary habits were taken into account. Intake of protein from only haem animals seems to be consistently associated with haematological markers. The confounding role of dietary habits and lifestyle variables on the tested parameters deserves further attention in future research.
The nitrogen isotope ratio ((15)N) of RBCs has been proposed as a biomarker of marine food intake in Yup'ik people based on strong associations with RBC eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). However, EPA and DHA derive from marine fats, whereas elevated (15)N derives from marine protein, and these dietary components may have different biologic effects. Whether (15)N is similarly associated with chronic disease risk factors compared with RBC EPA and DHA is not known. We used covariate-adjusted linear models to describe biomarker associations with chronic disease risk factors in Yup'ik people, first in a smaller (n = 363) cross-sectional study population using RBC EPA, DHA, and (15)N, and then in a larger (n = 772) cross-sectional study population using (15)N only. In the smaller sample, associations of RBC EPA, DHA, and (15)N with obesity and chronic disease risk factors were similar in direction and significance: (15)N was positively associated with total, HDL, and LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I, and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), and inversely associated with triglycerides. Based on comparisons between covariate-adjusted -coefficients, EPA was more strongly associated with circulating lipids and lipoproteins, whereas (15)N was more strongly associated with adipokines, the inflammatory marker interleukin-6, and IGFBP-3. In the larger sample there were new findings for this population: (15)N was inversely associated with blood pressure and there was a significant association (with inverse linear and positive quadratic terms) with adiponectin. In conclusion, (15)N is a valid measure for evaluating associations between EPA and DHA intake and chronic disease risk in Yup'ik people and may be used in larger studies. By measuring (15)N, we report beneficial associations of marine food intake with blood pressure and adiponectin, which may contribute to a lower incidence of some chronic diseases in Yup'ik people. 
Metabolomics has emerged in the field of food and nutrition sciences as a powerful tool for doing profiling approaches. In this context, HPLC-q-TOF-based metabolomics approach was applied to unveil changes in the urinary metabolome in human subjects (n = 51, 23 men and 28 women) after regular aronia-citrus juice (AC-juice) intake (250 mL/day) during 16 weeks compared to individuals given a placebo beverage. Samples were analyzed by HPLC-q-TOF followed by multivariate data analysis (orthogonal signal filtering-partial least square discriminant analysis) that discriminated relevant mass features related to AC-juice intake. The results showed that biomarkers of AC-juice intake including metabolites coming from metabolism of food components as proline betaine, ferulic acid, and two unknown mercapturate derivatives were identified. Discovery of new biomarkers of food intake will help in the building up of the food metabolome and facilitate future insights into the mechanisms of action of dietary components in population health. 
BACKGROUND: Higher intakes of cruciferous vegetables or their constituents have been shown to lower inflammation in animal studies. However, evidence for this anti-inflammatory effect of cruciferous vegetable consumption in humans is scarce. OBJECTIVE/DESIGN: In this cross-sectional analysis, we evaluated associations of vegetable intake with a panel of inflammatory and oxidative stress markers among 1,005 middle-aged Chinese women. Dietary intake of foods was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Multivariable-adjusted circulating concentrations of tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), interlukin-1 (IL-1), and IL-6 were lower among women with higher intakes of cruciferous vegetables. The differences in concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers between extreme quintiles of cruciferous vegetable intake were 12.66% for TNF- (Ptrend=0.01), 18.18% for IL-1 (Ptrend=0.02), and 24.68% for IL-6 (Ptrend=0.02). A similar, but less apparent, inverse association was found for intakes of all vegetables combined but not for noncruciferous vegetables. Levels of the urinary oxidative stress markers F2-isoprostanes and their major metabolite, 2,3-dinor-5,6-dihydro-15-F2t-IsoP, were not associated with intakes of cruciferous vegetables or all vegetables combined. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that the previously observed health benefits ofcruciferous vegetable consumption may be partly associated with the anti-inflammatory effects of these vegetables. 
Increasing fruit and vegetable consumption is a key lifestyle modification in the prevention and treatment of hypertension. Kiwifruit has previously been shown to have favorable effects on blood pressure (BP), likely through inhibiting angiotensin I-converting enzyme activity. We hypothesized that the replacement of 2 fruit servings in a healthy diet with 2 green kiwifruit a day would significantly improve BP and other markers of cardiovascular function, including heart rate, stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance, in a group of hypercholesterolemic men. Using a controlled cross-over study design, 85 subjects completed a 4-week healthy diet run-in period before randomization to one of two 4-week intervention sequences in which they either consumed 2 green kiwifruit a day plus a healthy diet (intervention) or consumed a healthy diet alone (control). Blood pressure and other measures of cardiovascular function (using a Finometer MIDI [Finapres Medical Systems B.V, Amsterdam, The Netherlands] and standard oscillometric device) and anthropometric measurements were taken before and at the end of the treatment periods. A physical activity questionnaire was completed during the last visit. Subjects were found to be predominantly normotensive (43.5%) or prehypertensive (50.6%) and quite physically active (>30 minutes of moderate to vigorous physical activity/day in >80% subjects). No significant differences were seen for BP or any of the other markers, including heart rate, stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance. In conclusion, in this hypercholesterolemic, nonhypertensive group, no beneficial effects on BP or other markers of cardiovascular function were seen when consuming 2 kiwifruit a day against the background of a healthy diet. 
Plasma fatty acid (FA) composition is known to be an indicator of dietary fat quality, but the associations of other dietary factors with plasma FA composition remain unknown in children. We investigated the cross-sectional associations of food consumption with the proportions of FA and estimated desaturase activities in plasma cholesteryl esters (CE) and phospholipids (PL) among children. The subjects were a population sample of 423 children aged 68 years examined at baseline of The Physical Activity and Nutrition in Children (PANIC) Study. We assessed food consumption by food records and plasma FA composition by gas chromatography. We used linear regression models adjusted for age, sex, physical activity and total energy intake to analyze the associations. A higher consumption of vegetable oil-based margarine (fat 6080 %) was associated with a higher proportion of linoleic and -linolenic acids in plasma CE and PL. A higher consumption of high-fiber grain products was related to a lower proportion of oleic acid in CE and PL. The consumption of candy was directly associated with the proportion of palmitoleic and oleic acid in plasma CE. The consumption of vegetable oil-based margarine was inversely associated with estimated stearoyl-CoA-desaturase activity in plasma CE and PL and the consumption of candy was directly related to it in plasma CE. The results of our study suggest that plasma FA composition is not only a biomarker for dietary fat quality but also reflects the consumption of high-fiber grain products and foods high in sugar among children.
Two studies were conducted using adult dogs to evaluate the effect of increasing the inclusion of soybean meal (SBM) in an adult dog food on body composition, hematological and biochemical blood analyses, and total tract nutrient digestibility. Nutritionally complete and balanced diets were formulated with commercial-grade SBM (48% CP) to replace 0, 10, 20, or 30% of the protein provided by dried chicken protein resulting in final SBM inclusion of 0, 6.0, 11.5, and 17.0% (as-fed basis), respectively. In study 1, diets were fed during a 24-wk feeding trial using 36 female (spayed), adult hounds to evaluate food intake, BW, body composition, and blood measurements. There were no diet-related differences in food intake or BW. Body composition responded in a quadratic manner to increased dietary SBM inclusion with the percentage (%) of lean mass responding positively (P < 0.05) and absolute amounts of fat mass and percent body fat responding negatively (P < 0.05). All diagnostic blood components remained within normal physiological ranges for healthy, adult dogs. Serum concentrations of C-reactive protein and IGF-1 were similar among diets. In study 2, diets were evaluated in a digestibility study using 12 adult dogs in a 4  4 Latin square design. Increased SBM inclusion was associated with linear increases in the digestibility of CP (P < 0.05) and fat (P < 0.05) and CP retention (P < 0.05). Linear reductions in fecal DM content (P < 0.01) and increased fecal output (P < 0.05) were noted with increased SBM inclusion. All diets were similar in DE and ME content, but a quadratic trend was noted with increased SBM inclusion when DE (P = 0.083) and ME (P = 0.062) were expressed per unit of metabolic body size. Overall, it can be inferred from these results that the partial replacement of dried chicken protein with SBM in a nutritionally complete and balanced diet does not compromise the nutritional status and long-term health of adult dogs. 
In this work the genotoxic potential of water in three localities in Serbia, which differ by the nature and degree of pollution, was determined in tissues of European chub (Squalius cephalus L.) on monthly basis over the 2011/2012 year season using the alkaline comet assay. Specimen samples of chub were taken from Special Nature Reserve "Uvac", as control site, and Pestan and Beljanica Rivers, as polluted sites at Kolubara basin, surrounded with coal mines. Three tissues, blood, gills and liver were used for assessing the level of DNA damage. Analysis was done by software (Comet Assay IV). The control site at Reserve "Uvac" showed the lowest DNA damage values for all three tissues compared to Pestan and Beljanica. Blood has the lowest level of DNA damage in comparison with liver and gills. Decreased damage for all three tissues was observed at summer, while during the spring and autumn damage increased. 
BACKGROUND: Palm oil (PO) may be an unhealthy fat because of its high saturated fatty acid content. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the effect of substituting PO for other primary dietary fats on blood lipid-related markers of coronary heart disease (CHD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). DESIGN: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of dietary intervention trials. Studies were eligible if they included original data comparing PO-rich diets with other fat-rich diets and analyzed at least one of the following CHD/CVD biomarkers: total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, TC/HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol/HDL cholesterol, triacylglycerols, apolipoprotein A-I and B, very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and lipoprotein(a). RESULTS: Fifty-one studies were included. Intervention times ranged from 2 to 16 wk, and different fat substitutions ranged from 4% to 43%. Comparison of PO diets with diets rich in stearic acid, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) showed significantly higher TC, LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, HDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A-I, whereas most of the same biomarkers were significantly lower when compared with diets rich in myristic/lauric acid. Comparison of PO-rich diets with diets rich in trans fatty acids showed significantly higher concentrations of HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I and significantly lower apolipoprotein B, triacylglycerols, and TC/HDL cholesterol. Stratified and meta-regression analyses showed that the higher concentrations of TC and LDL cholesterol, when PO was substituted for MUFAs and PUFAs, were not significant in young people and in subjects with diets with a lower percentage of energy from fat. CONCLUSIONS: Both favorable and unfavorable changes in CHD/CVD risk markers occurred when PO was substituted for the primary dietary fats, whereas only favorable changes occurred when PO was substituted for trans fatty acids. Additional studies are needed to provide guidance for policymaking. 
We evaluated the reliability of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), and determined its ability to predict functional outcomes in stroke survivors. The rehabilitation effect on 8-OHdG and functional outcomes were also assessed. Sixty-one stroke patients received a 4-week rehabilitation. Urinary 8-OHdG levels were determined by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. The test-retest reliability of 8-OHdG was good (interclass correlation coefficient=0.76). Upper-limb motor function and muscle power determined by the Fugl-Meyer Assessment (FMA) and Medical Research Council (MRC) scales before rehabilitation showed significant negative correlation with 8-OHdG (r=-0.38, r=-0.30; p<0.05). After rehabilitation, we found a fair and significant correlation between 8-OHdG and FMA (r=-0.34) and 8-OHdG and pain (r=0.26, p<0.05). Baseline 8-OHdG was significantly correlated with post-treatment FMA, MRC, and pain scores (r=-0.34, -0.31, and 0.25; p<0.05), indicating its ability to predict functional outcomes. 8-OHdG levels were significantly decreased, and functional outcomes were improved after rehabilitation. The exploratory study findings conclude that 8-OHdG is a reliable and promising biomarker of oxidative stress and could be a valid predictor of functional outcomes in patients. Monitoring of behavioral indicators along with biomarkers may have crucial benefits in translational stroke research.
Hyperlipidemia and elevated circulating C-reactive protein (CRP) and total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations are cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. Previous studies indicated that higher serum carotenoid concentrations were inversely associated with some of these biomarkers. However, whether dietary carotenoid intake is inversely associated with these CVD risk biomarkers is not well known. We assessed the associations between individual dietary carotenoid intake and CVD risk biomarkers and tested whether the serum carotenoid concentrations explain (mediate) or influence the strength of (moderate) the associations, if any association exists. Dietary data collected from 2 24-h dietary recalls and serum measurements in adult men (n = 1312) and women (n = 1544) from the NHANES 2003-2006 were used. Regression models designed for survey analysis were used to examine the associations between individual dietary carotenoids and log-transformed blood cholesterol, CRP, and tHcy. The corresponding individual serum carotenoid concentration was considered as mediator (and moderator if applicable). After adjustment for covariates, significant inverse associations with LDL cholesterol were observed for dietary -carotene (P < 0.05) and lutein + zeaxanthin (P < 0.001), and with tHcy for dietary -carotene (P < 0.05), lycopene (P < 0.05), and total carotenoids (P < 0.05). Dietary lutein + zeaxanthin intake was also positively associated with HDL cholesterol concentrations (P < 0.01). Most of these associations were null after additional adjustment for corresponding serum carotenoid concentrations, indicating the complete mediation effects of serum carotenoids. Serum -carotene significantly moderated the associations between dietary -carotene and CRP (P-interaction < 0.05), and quartile 4 of dietary -carotene was associated with lower CRP concentrations only among participants with serum -carotene > 0.43 mol/L. In this population-based cross-sectional study, serum carotenoids were mediators of dietary carotenoids and CVD risk biomarker associations. Serum -carotene was also a moderator of the dietary -carotene and CRP association. These findings may help in the design of future intervention studies on dietary carotenoids in the prevention of CVD. 
It is not known why salt is so attractive to humans. Here, guided by hypotheses suggesting that the attraction of salt is conditioned by postingestive benefits, we sought to establish whether there are such benefits in a population by analyzing the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007-2008 database (n = ~ 10,000). We focus on two potential benefits supported by the literature, growth and moderation of depression, and examine their relationship to sodium, dietary, added at table, and serum. We find that during growth (<18 years), there is a specific increase in adjusted dietary sodium intake, independent of caloric or other electrolyte intakes. We find that adding salt and depression are related. In contrast, and in women only, dietary sodium and depression are inversely related. The relationships are correlational, but we speculate that this constellation may reflect self-medication for depression by adding salt, and that men may be protected by their higher dietary sodium intake. Additional findings are that women add more salt than men below age ~30, after which men add more, and below 40 years of age, serum sodium is lower in women than in men. It remains possible that small but beneficial effects of sodium could condition salt preference and thus contribute to population-wide sodium intake.
BACKGROUND: The application of metabolomics in epidemiological studies would potentially allow researchers to identify biomarkers associated with exposures and diseases. However, within-individual variability of metabolite levels caused by temporal variation of metabolites, together with technical variability introduced by laboratory procedures, may reduce the study power to detect such associations. We assessed the sources of variability of metabolites from urine samples and the implications for designing epidemiologic studies. METHODS: We measured 539 metabolites in urine samples from the Navy Colon Adenoma Study using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) and gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC-MS). The study collected 2-3 samples per person from 17 male subjects (age 38-70) over 2-10 days. We estimated between-individual, within-individual, and technical variability and calculated expected study power with a specific focus on large case-control and nested case-control studies. RESULTS: Overall technical reliability was high (median intraclass correlation=0.92), and for 72% of the metabolites, the majority of total variance can be attributed to between-individual variability. Age, gender and body mass index explained only a small proportion of the total metabolite variability. For a relative risk (comparing upper and lower quartiles of "usual" levels) of 1.5, we estimated that a study with 500, 1,000, and 5,000 individuals could detect 1.0%, 4.5% and 75% of the metabolite associations. CONCLUSIONS: The use of metabolomics in urine samples from epidemiological studies would require large sample sizes to detect associations with moderate effect sizes. 
BACKGROUND: Alcohol, overweight, and lipid metabolism contribute to fatty liver and atherosclerosis pathogenesis. OBJECTIVE: To study the association of alcoholic intake, overweight, and dyslipidemia. METHODS: We randomly selected 482 age- and sex-matched individuals from East China. Gender, age, education level, smoking, hypertension, daily alcohol intake, drinking duration, and body massindex (BMI) were evaluated in association with triglyceride, total cholesterol, high-density (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol. RESULTS: The association between dyslipidemia and 8 predictors of disease was made by regression analysis through the generalized additive model. The results showed that age, daily alcohol intake, and BMI were all closely associated with hypertriglyceridemia. Age, duration of drinking, and BMI were all closely associated with hypercholesterolemia. Age and BMI status were both closely associated with high LDL-C levels. By contrast, none of the 8 predictors was closely associated with low HDL-C levels (all P<.05). CONCLUSIONS: Daily alcohol intake was a risk factor for hypertriglyceridemia. By contrast, drinking duration was a protective factor against hypercholesterolemia. Age and BMI were important risk factors for dyslipidemia (excluding HDL-C). 
BACKGROUND: Inflammation plays a major role in diabetes-associated cardiovascular disease (CVD). There is uncertainty whether diet and physical activity interventions can be successfully integrated into healthcare settings and reduce markers of inflammation and risk of CVD in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS AND RESULTS: Systemic markers of inflammation were determined in a 12-month, real-world, multicenter, randomized, controlled trial that investigated the effect of diet, diet plus physical activity, and usual care in 593 individuals with newly diagnosed T2D. During the first 6 months, serum C-reactive protein (CRP) improved by -21 (-36 to -1.4)% and -22 (-38 to -3.1)% in diet and diet plus physical activity arms versus usual care. There were also improvements in adiponectin and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1). Though medication-adjusted CRP was improved between 6 and 12 months for usual care, both interventions were more successful in reducing the relative risk of a high-risk CRP level of >3 mg/L (risk ratios of 0.72 [0.55 to 0.95] for diet versus usual care and 0.67 [0.50 to 0.90] for diet plus activity versus usual care). Furthermore, sICAM-1 (a marker of vascular risk), remained substantially lower than usual care in both intervention arms at 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: Motivational, unsupervised diet and/or diet plus physical activity interventions given soon after diagnosis in real-world healthcare settings improve markers of inflammation and cardiovascular risk in patients with T2D, even after accounting for the effect of adjustments to medication to try and control blood pressure, glycated hemoglobin, and lipids. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION URL: http://www.controlled-trials.com/. Unique identifier: ISRCTN92162869. 
BACKGROUND: Hemoglobin A1c is the main treatment target for patients with type 2 diabetes. It has also been shown recently that postprandial glucose and daily glucose fluctuations affect the progression of diabetic complications and atherosclerotic damages. METHODS: Continuous glucose monitoring was performed in patients with type 2 diabetes to evaluate the efficacy of repaglinide vs. glimepiride on postprandial glucose spikes and fluctuations. A total of 10 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes treated with glimepiride monotherapy were enrolled. After observation period for 8weeks, glimepiride was changed to repaglinide. Continuous glucose monitoring was performed whilst consuming calorie-restricted diets for two days at baseline and at the end of the 12-week trial. Blood and urine samples were collected for measurement of glucose control parameters and inflammatory and oxidative stress markers on the last day of taking either glimepiride or repaglinide. RESULTS: Nine patients completed the trial. Although the glucose control parameters were not significantly different between glimepiride and repaglinide, the mean amplitude of glycemic excursions measured by continuous glucose monitoring was significantly reduced by changing treatment from glimepiride to repaglinide. The levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, and urinary 8-hydoroxydeoxyguanosine were reduced significantly by repaglinide treatment. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that repaglinide may decrease the risk of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes by minimizing glucose fluctuations thereby reducing inflammation and oxidative stress. 
Prevalence of vitamin B12 deficiency in the Indian population is not known, however; it is considered to be higher than in the Western population. Vitamin B12 deficiency is generally diagnosed by the plasma vitamin B12 level. Metabolites of vitamin B12 such as homocysteine (Hcy) and methylmalonic acid (MMA) are considered to be better markers to diagnose vitamin B12 deficiency at the tissue level. Autonomic neuropathy in vitamin B12 deficiency appears to precede other neurological signs. One of the recent techniques to evaluate autonomic neuropathy is heart rate variability (HRV). We evaluated 14 healthy young adults to explore the association of plasma vitamin B12, MMA, and Hcy levels with HRV. Resting lead II ECG was recorded and power spectral analyses were performed. Plasma MMA level was significantly and negatively correlated with the log-transformed low frequency (r = - 0.74, p = 0.002) and total power spectra (r = - 0.55, p = 0.03) of HRV in absolute units. Low frequency (LF) (r = - 0.56, p = 0.03) and high frequency (HF) (r = 0.57, p = 0.03), when represented in normalized units, were also correlated significantly with plasma MMA. In summary, plasma MMA but not vitamin B12 was significantly associated with HRV indices in a young adult population, suggesting that a tissue-level marker of vitamin B12 deficiency is more closely correlated with functional changes. 
BACKGROUND: Blood phosphatidylethanol (PEth) is a promising biomarker of alcohol consumption. This study was conducted to evaluate its performance in patients with liver disease. METHODS: This study included 222 patients with liver disease. Patient-reported alcohol use was obtained as a reference standard, and PEth was measured by tandem mass spectrometry. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) and contingency table analyses were used to assess the performance of PEth in detecting any drinking and averaging 4 or more drinks daily in the past 30 days. RESULTS: At the limit of quantitation (20 ng/ml), PEth was 73% sensitive (95% confidence interval [CI] 65 to 80) and 96% specific (95% CI 92 to 100) for any drinking in the past month. Subjects who drank but had a negative PEth result were mainly light drinkers. Subjects who reported 30-day abstinence but with quantifiable PEth either reported heavy drinking within the past 6 weeks or had data that suggested underreported drinking. At the optimal cutoff concentration of 80 ng/ml, PEth was 91% sensitive (95% CI 82 to 100) and 77% specific (95% CI 70 to 83) for averaging at least 4 drinks daily. CONCLUSIONS: PEth is a useful test for detecting alcohol use in patients with liver disease, but cutoff concentrations for heavy drinking will result in misclassification of some moderate to heavy drinkers. 
Emerging literature suggests that men's diets may affect spermatogenesis as reflected in semen quality indicators, but literature on the relation between meat intake and semen quality is limited. Our objective was to prospectively examine the relation between meat intake and indicators of semen quality. Men in subfertile couples presenting for evaluation at the Massachusetts General Hospital Fertility Center were invited to participate in an ongoing study of environmental factors and fertility. A total of 155 men completed a validated food-frequency questionnaire and subsequently provided 338 semen samples over an 18-mo period from 2007-2012. We used linear mixed regression models to examine the relation between meat intake and semen quality indicators (total sperm count, sperm concentration, progressive motility, morphology, and semen volume) while adjusting for potential confounders and accounting for within-person variability across repeat semen samples. Among the 155 men (median age: 36.1 y; 83% white, non-Hispanic), processed meat intake was inversely related to sperm morphology. Men in the highest quartile of processed meat intake had, on average, 1.7 percentage units (95% CI: -3.3, -0.04) fewer morphologically normal sperm than men in the lowest quartile of intake (P-trend = 0.02). Fish intake was related to higher sperm count and percentage of morphologically normal sperm. The adjusted mean total sperm count increased from 102 million (95% CI: 80, 131) in the lowest quartile to 168 million (95% CI: 136, 207) sperm in the highest quartile of fish intake (P-trend = 0.005). Similarly, the adjusted mean percentages of morphologically normal sperm for men in increasing quartiles of fish intake were 5.9 (95% CI: 5.0, 6.8), 5.3 (95% CI: 4.4, 6.3), 6.3 (95% CI: 5.2, 7.4), and 7.5 (95% CI: 6.5, 8.5) (P-trend = 0.01). Consuming fish may have a positive impact on sperm counts and morphology, particularly when consumed instead of processed red meats. 
Osteoporosis and atherosclerosis often present atypically in postmenopausal women, making clinical recognition difficult. Prospective studies suggest independent associations between bone mass and vascular calcification through vitamin D deficiency as an established predictor of both conditions. We aimed to examine the relationship between serum osteocalcin and vitamin D status in postmenopausal women with and without angiographic evidence of coronary artery disease (CAD). One hundred and eighty postmenopausal women undergoing coronary angiography were selected sequentially from the Catheterization unit of King Abdulaziz University Hospital. Socio-demographic, anthropometric parameters and dietary habits were measured. Biochemical variables were estimated in blood samples. Half of the postmenopausal women did not have significant CAD, 24% had significant CAD in a single and/or double coronary vessels, 26% had significant CAD in three coronary vessels. Mean serum vitamin D concentrations showed that vitamin D deficiency was a common finding in the whole population. Vitamin D and calcium intakes were uniformly low in the study cohort. Serum osteocalcin was significantly correlated with dietary vitamin D in all subgroups (r=-0.172, p<0.05) and positively correlated among the patients (r=0.269, p=0.01). Serum magnesium, alkaline phosphatase, dietary vitamin D, and body weight were independent variables of serum osteocalcin level. In conclusion, elevated levels of serum C reactive protein and vitamin D were associated with low serum osteocalcin levels. Therefore, osteocalcin may be a potential cardiovascular risk marker. However, further studies are needed to clarify the pathophysiological processes underlying the relationship between serum osteocalcin level and atherosclerosis parameters. 
This work aimed first to compare 2 diets differing in their percentage of concentrate [low (LO): 30% concentrate vs. High (HI): 60% concentrate] by measuring simultaneously feeding behavior, rumen parameters, blood and plasma parameters, and milk yield and composition in 8 mid-lactation goats. The second aim was to study the interrelationships between these variables and to analyze the between-animal variability to better understand the between-animal differences in acidosis susceptibility. All of the animals received the 2 diets ad libitum as total mixed ration according to a crossover design of two 4-wk periods. Mean daily DMI was similar between the 2 diets but the variability was higher for the HI than for the LO diet. Goats produced more milk when fed the HI diet compared with the LO diet but with a lower fat:protein ratio (0.81 vs. 0.99). They ate more rapidly the HI than the LO diet but stopped eating sooner after the afternoon feed allowance, and spent less time chewing. The increase in concentrate percentage modified rumen parameters: the pH and acetate:propionate ratio decreased and total VFA, ammonia, and soluble carbohydrate concentrations increased. Hematocrit, plasma NEFA, and blood K and Ca concentrations decreased but glycemia and uremia increased. Other parameters were not modified: milk fat content, blood pH, and bicarbonate and Na concentrations. A large between-animal variability was detected for all the measured parameters, especially for feeding behavior, with important consequences on rumen and blood parameters. This work confirmed the effects of a high percentage of concentrate on feeding behavior, rumen and blood parameters, and milk production, and some known relationships such as the positive link between rumen pH and chewing index. It also pointed out other relationships between parameters seldom measured at the same time, such as rumen redox potential or blood pH and chewing index, or the negative link between blood and rumen pH. When the animals spent a lot of time chewing, they probably produced a lot of saliva that buffered the rumen pH and prevented them from suffering from subacute ruminal acidosis. However, they used part of their blood bicarbonates reserve, which might have induced metabolic acidosis, as rumen and blood pH were inversely related. This could explain why some animals suffer from acidosis and others do not in a herd receiving the same diet, and why some animals seem to suffer more from subacute ruminal acidosis and others from metabolic acidosis. 
OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to develop an experimental model of hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance (IR), markers of coronary heart disease (CHD) using high fat and high sugar (HFHS) diet and to evaluate the efficacy of the model using atorvastatin, a known antihyperlipidemic drug, pioglitazone, a known insulin sensitizer, and Tinospora cordifolia (Tc), an antidiabetic plant. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Following Institutional Animal Ethics Committee permission, the study was conducted in male Wistar rats (200-270 g). The model was developed using a high fat (vanaspati ghee: coconut oil, 3:1) oral diet along with 25% fructose (high sugar) added in drinking water over a period of 6 weeks. Atorvastatin (2.1 mg/kg/day), pioglitazone (2.7 mg/kg/day) and Tc (200 mg/kg/day) were administered 3 weeks after initiation of HFHS diet and continued for another 3 weeks. Parameters assessed were weight, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, insulin, and gastric emptying. Serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and catalase were assessed as markers of oxidative stress. RESULTS: Administration of HFHS diet demonstrated a significant increase in blood glucose, insulin, total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides with a decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Treatment with test drugs decreased blood sugar, insulin, lipid parameters, increased gastric emptying rate, decreased MDA levels, and catalase activity when compared to HFHS diet group, confirming the efficacy of the model. Atherogenic index of all the test drugs (0.48, 0.57, and 0.53) was significantly lower as compared to HFHS diet group (1.107). CONCLUSION: This study confirms the development of a diet based cost-effective and time efficient experimental model, which can be used to study two important markers of cardiovascular disease that is, hyperlipidemia and IR and to explore the efficacy of new molecules in CHD. 
BACKGROUND: Limited data are available on the accuracy of 24-h dietary recalls used to monitor US sodium and potassium intakes. OBJECTIVE: We examined the difference in usual sodium and potassium intakes estimated from 24-h dietary recalls and urine collections. DESIGN: We used data from a cross-sectional study in 402 participants aged 18-39 y (50% African American) in the Washington, DC, metropolitan area in 2011. We estimated means and percentiles of usual intakes of daily dietary sodium (dNa) and potassium (dK) and 24-h urine excretion of sodium (uNa) and potassium (uK). We examined Spearman's correlations and differences between estimates from dietary and urine measures. Multiple linear regressions were used to evaluate the factors associated with the difference between dietary and urine measures. RESULTS: Mean differences between diet and urine estimates were higher in men [dNa - uNa (95% CI) = 936.8 (787.1, 1086.5) mg/d and dK - uK = 571.3 (448.3, 694.3) mg/d] than in women [dNa - uNa (95% CI) = 108.3 (11.1, 205.4) mg/d and dK - uK = 163.4 (85.3, 241.5 mg/d)]. Percentile distributions of diet and urine estimates for sodium and potassium differed for men. Spearman's correlations between measures were 0.16 for men and 0.25 for women for sodium and 0.39 for men and 0.29 for women for potassium. Urinary creatinine, total caloric intake, and percentages of nutrient intake from mixed dishes were independently and consistently associated with the differences between diet and urine estimates of sodium and potassium intake. For men, body mass index was also associated. Race was associated with differences in estimates of potassium intake. CONCLUSIONS: Low correlations and differences between dietary and urinary sodium or potassium may be due to measurement error in one or both estimates. Future analyses using these methods to assess sodium and potassium intake in relation to health outcomes may consider stratifying by factors associated with the differences in estimates from these methods. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01631240. 
Proteomics is increasingly being applied to the human plasma proteome to identify biomarkers of disease for use in non-invasive assays. 2-D DIGE, simultaneously analysing thousands of protein spots quantitatively and maintaining protein isoform information, is one technique adopted. Sufficient numbers of samples must be analysed to achieve statistical power; however, few reported studies have analysed inherent variability in the plasma proteome by 2-D DIGE to allow power calculations. This study analysed plasma from 60 healthy volunteers by 2-D DIGE. Two samples were taken, 7 days apart, allowing estimation of sensitivity of detection of differences in spot intensity between two groups using either a longitudinal (paired) or non-paired design. Parameters for differences were: two-fold normalised volume change,  of 0.05 and power of 0.8. Using groups of 20 samples, alterations in 1742 spots could be detected with longitudinal sampling, and in 1206 between non-paired groups. Interbatch gel variability was small relative to the detection parameters, indicating robustness and reproducibility of 2-D DIGE for analysing large sample sets. In summary, 20 samples can allow detection of a large number of proteomic alterations by 2-D DIGE in human plasma, the sensitivity of detecting differences was greatly improved by longitudinal sampling and the technology was robust across batches. 
The enzymatic antioxidant defences of mammalian cells include copper-zinc superoxide dismutase (SOD)(Cu Zn-SOD; EC 1.15.1.1) which catalyses the dismutation of superoxide anions (O2(.-)) to hydrogen peroxide(H(2), O(2))and a seleno-dependent glutathione peroxidase (GSH-px) (GSH-px; EC 1.11.1.9) which catalyses the degradation of H(2)O(2) to H(2)O and O(2). The measurement of these enzyme activities is often used as a possible biological index of oxidative stress in various clinical conditions. Complete understanding of such information requires knowledge of the random biological fluctuation of the enzyme activity which occurs in each individual. In the present investigation we examined this normal variability in 12 healthy volunteers (four women and eight men) aged 23-45 years, over 6 months. The intra-individual coefficients of variation (estimated using analysis of variance techniques) were 15% (SOD) and 13% (GSH-px). The analytical goal for imprecision was achieved for both enzymes, i.e. it was less than one half of the measured intra-individual variation. Both enzymes showed marked individuality, indicating that an individual's reference values are more useful than population-based data. The critical difference required for significant changes in serial results is 45% for SOD and 40% for GSH-px. 
The effects of an aqueous extract of the leaves of Sansevieria senegambica on daily weight gain, lipid profile and atherogenic indices of rats fed egg yolk supplemented diet was studied. The control group was given normal feed while the other three groups received 50 g egg yolk/kg feed. The extract was orally administered daily at 150 and 200 mg/kg body weight; while the test control and control groups received appropriate volumes of water by the same route. On gas chromatographic analysis of the aqueous crude extract, the phytosterol and tannins fractions contained 100 % of -sitosterol and tannic acid respectively. The mean daily weight gain of the test control group was higher though not significantly, than those of the other groups. The plasma total cholesterol levels, cardiac risk ratio and atherogenic coefficient of the test control group was significantly higher (P<0.05) than those of the test groups, but not significantly higher than that of the control group. The plasma low density lipoprotein and non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels of the test control group was significantly higher (P<0.05) than those of the control and test groups. The plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol of the test control group was significantly lower (P<0.05) than that of the control group, but not significantly lower than those of the test groups. There were no significant differences in the plasma triglyceride and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and the atherogenic index of plasma of all the groups. These results indicate a dose-dependent hypocholesterolemic effect of the extract, thus suggesting a likely protective role of the extract against the development of cardiovascular diseases. It also revealed the presence of pharmacologically active agents in the leaves. 
A total of 1,025 adults belonging to four Brazilian tribes were simulataneously studied for 12-16 anthropometric characteristics and 7-11 blood polymorphic loci. Several comparisons using both univariate and multivariate statistical techniques failed to show the negative correlation between these two sets of variables found by other workers.  1994 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
