Antigens from human seminal plasma. Part III: studies on two new antigens from the tricholoracetic acid soluble fraction.
Variability of oxygen affinity of normal blood: an automated method of measurement.
Accuracy and reproducibility of arterial blood-gas and pH measurements.
Effect of phthalate plasticizer on blood compatibility of polyvinyl chloride.
Altered plasma-lipids associated with oral contraceptive or oestrogen consumption. The Lipid Research Clinic Program.
Plasma estrogens and pregnancy-associated plasma proteins: a study of their variability in late pregnancy.
Species variability in plasma S-sulfonate levels during and following sulfite administration.
Levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in mothers' milk collected in Osaka Prefecture from 1969 to 1976.
Variability of polymorphic cellular enzymes in medical students with different serum lipid levels: a preliminary survey.
Variability of the effects of serum-free medium, dibutyryl-cyclic AMP or theophylline on the morphology of cultured new-born rat astroblasts.
Changes in blood and urine composition from feeding polybrominated biphenyls to pregnant Holstein heifers.
Relation of DDE and PBB serum levels in farm residents, consumers, and Michigan Chemical Corporation employees.
PBB homologs in sera of Michigan dairy farmers and Michigan chemical workers.
Relationship between the carbohydrate content of apoproteins of VLDL, IDL, and LDL and the plasma level of these lipoproteins in man. Short dietary effect.
Infant blood pressure and heart rate: relation to ethnic group (black or white), nutrition and electrolyte intake.
A longitudinal study of the biological variability of plasma lipoproteins in healthy young adults.
Analysis of adipose tissue and serum from PBB (polybrominated biphenyl)-exposed workers.
Impaired immune function and identification of polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) in blood compartments of exposed Michigan dairy farmers and chemical workers.
Solubility fo fibrin clots in monochloroacetic acid. A reflection of serum pepsinogen levels.
Diet and serum cholesterol: do zero correlations negate the relationship?
Plasma nitrazepam concentrations after an acute intake and their correlation to sedation and serum growth hormone levels.
Intraindividual relationships between serum protein binding of drugs in normal human subjects, patients with impaired renal function, and rats.
Reproducibility of interpretation of the test for antibody-coated bacteria in urinary sediment.
Diethylhexyl phthalate as a factor in blood transfusion and haemodialysis.
Reliability of a single urine culture in establishing diagnosis of asymptomatic bacteriuria in adult males.
Intra-individual variation in the concentrations of IgA, IgG, IgM, and complement component C3 in serum of a normal adult population.
Di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) accumulation in whole blood and red cell concentrates.
Variability and predictability of the plasma concentration of ampicillin and kanamycin in new-born infants.
Multiple gated cardiac blood pool imaging for left ventricular ejection fraction: validation of the technique and assessment of variability.
Ethnic variability in the plasma insulin response to oral glucose in Polynesian and Micronesian subjects.
Association between plasma and liver vitamin A levels in the calf; weanling pig, rabbit and rat; and adult goat fed fixed intakes of vitamin A.
Relationship between facial flushing and blood acetaldehyde levels after alcohol intake.
The influence of phthalate esters on human plasma lecithin/cholesterol acyltransferase.
Assessment of the association between habitual salt intake and high blood pressure: methodological problems.
Isolation of di-N-2-propylpentyl phthalate from human urine.
Oxygen consumption and recovery from surgical shock in rats: a comparison of the efficacy of different plasma substitutes.
Serum calcium ion activity. Some aspects on methodological differences and intraindividual variation.
Correlation of pharyngeal fistulization with preoperative radiotherapy, reduced serum albumen, and dietary obstruction.
Variability of plasma catecholamine levels: age, duration of posture and time of day.
Reliability of serum ferritin determinations after total dose infusion of iron dextran in pregnancy.
Measurement of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in serum and its relation to sunshine, age and vitamin D intake in the Danish population.
Variability in rates of urine prostaglandin E excretion.
Temporal changes in the concentrations of serum constituents in healthy men. Distributions of within-person variances and their relevance to the interpretation of differences between successive measurements.
Intra-individual variation in commonly analyzed serum constituents.
Variability in 24-hour urine sodium excretion in children.
Blood glucose levels in portal and peripheral circulation and their relation to food intake in the rat.
Contribution of individual differences in gastric emptying to variability in plasma propranolol concentrations.
Alterations of rat adipose tissue metabolism associated with dietary chromium supplementation.
Radioimmunoassay for mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in unextracted plasma.
On the reliability of the magnesium serum value as an indicator of body magnesium status.
Reliability of the Eyetone instrument and the Reflectance Meter in instant blood glucose determinations.
Intrapatient variability of serial steady-state plasma tricyclic antidepressant concentrations.
Bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate concentrations in the serum of hemodialysis patients.
25-hydroxyvitamin D and calcium levels in maternal, cord and infant serum in relation to maternal vitamin D intake.
Formation of mono(ethylhexyl)phthalate from di(ethylhexyl)phthalate in human plasma stored in PVC bags and its presence in fractionated plasma proteins.
Nutrition survey of Finnish rural children. IV. Serum cholesterol values in relation to dietary variables.
Reproducibility of regional cerebral blood flow measurements in acute severe head injury.
Cerebral hemodynamics in Shy-Drager syndrome: variability of cerebral blood flow dysautoregulation and the compensatory role of chemical control in dysautoregulation.
The analytical reliability of the zirconyl phosphate method of plasma carcinoembryonic antigen.
Myocardial infarction size from serial CPK: variability of CPK serum entry ratio with size and model of infarction.
Quantitative analysis of steroid profiles from urine by capillary gas chromatography. I. Accuracy and reproducibility of the sample preparation.
Urine cytology as a medical surveillance tool: a study of variability in interpretation of urine cytology slides.
Reproducibility, efficacy and methodology of mitogen-induced lymphocyte transformations by the whole blood assay.
Effects of a polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) on sleeping times, plasma corticosteroids, and testicular activity of white-footed mice.
Polychlorinated biphenyl residues in maternal and cord blood in Tokyo metropolitan area.
The TSH response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in young adult men: intra-individual variation and relation to basal serum TSH and thyroid hormones.
Acute, subacute, and residual effects of polychlorinated biphenyl (pcb) in rats. II. Pathology and electron microscopy of liver and serum enzyme study.
Lead and PCB's in canvasback ducks: relationship between enzyme levels and residues in blood.
The relationship of respiratory failure to the oxygen consumption of, lactate production by, and distribution of blood flow among respiratory muscles during increasing inspiratory resistance.
Urinary p-tyramine in hereditary tyrosinemia: I. Levels as compared to normal individuals, effect of diet, and relationship to urinary tyrosine.
Decreased accumulation of phthalate plasticizer during storage of blood as packed cells.
Postprandial plasma lysine as an indicator of dietary lysine adequacy in infants.
Observations on the variability of plasma estriol.
Intra-individual variation of some serum constituents and its relevance to population-based reference ranges.
Interindividual differences in the effect of drugs on bilirubin plasma binding in newborn infants and in adults.
Dose-response relationships between amino acid intake and blood levels in newborn infants.
Postprandial serum bile acids in healthy man. Evidence for differences in absorptive pattern between individual bile acids.
A comparison of insulin binding by liver plasma membranes of rats fed a high glucose diet or a high fat diet.
Reliability of salivary theophylline as a guide to plasma theophylline levels.
Chimpanzee simian-type blood groups: reproducibility of formerly described antisera and demonstration of new blood groups Oc and Pc1.
Isoenzyme status and genetic variability of serum esterases in the lesser snow goose, Anser caerulescens caerulescens.
Variability of 24-hour urinary creatinine excretion by normal subjects.
Some theory of reference values. II. Comparison of some statistical models of intraindividual variation in blood constituents.
Interindividual differences in chlorthalidone concentration in plasma and red cells of man after single and multiple doses.
Correlation of selected serum constitutents: 2. Consistency of intra-individual correlation values, means, and variances during four months.
Improving the diagnostic reliability of rapidly fluctuating plasma hormone levels by optimized multiple-sampling techniques.
Genetic polymorphism and interethnic variability of plasma paroxonase activity.
Two-fold interindividual variation in plasma protein binding of phenytoin in patients with epilepsy.
Fatty acid variability of plasma lipids and cholesteryl esters in adult male twins and their brothers.
Plasma protein variability in MZ twins.
Serum complement levels in recurrent aphthous ulceration. An intraindividual pilot study of sequential C3, C4 & C1 esterase inhibitor estimations.
Accelerated hypertension in the rat: relation between renin, renal vascular lesions, salt intake and blood pressure.
Acute reduction of brain serotonin and 5-HIAA following food consumption: correlation with the ratio of serum tryptophan to the sum of competing amino acids.
Complement consumption in fresh blood sera by double culture of Paramecium caudatum and Aerobacter cloacae compared with survival and stage of disease in some malignant tumors in man.
Reliability of chemical tests for fecal occult blood in hospitalized patients.
Statistical analysis of the reproducibility of the intravenous glucose tolerance test and the serum insulin response to this test in the middle-aged men.
Effect of an energy-reduced dietary regimen in relation to adipose tissue cellularity in obese women.
Recommended dietary allowance for vitamin E: relation to dietary, erythrocyte and adipose tissue linoleate.
Variability of the iron, copper and mercury contents of individual red blood cells.
Lead in human scalp hair: some factors affecting its variability.
Di (2-ethylhexyl)phthalate content of plasma fractions prepared by low temperature ethanol (Cohn) fractionation.
The reliability of the measurement of plasma renin activity by radioimmunoassay.
Temporal relationships between dietary, plasma, hepatic, and adipose tissue lipids after short-term feeding of safflower oil to rats.
Correlation of selected serum constituents: 1. Inter-individual variation and analytical error.
Relationships between dietary and plasma concentrations of calcium and phosphorus in intact and ultimobranchialectomized chickens.
Temporal intrapersonal physiological variability of cholinesterase activity in human plasma and erythrocytes.
Correlation between the plasma tryptophan to neutral amino acid ratio and protein intake in the self-selecting weanling rat.
The relationship between dietary fat composition and plasma cholesterol esterification in man.
A general equation for the ratio of the areas below the blood or plasma concentration time-curves following intravenous and oral drug administration and its application to inter-subject variations in drug elimination.
Laboratory diagnosis of the atopic condition: evaluation of a possible method based on human serum complement consumption.
Relation between individual differences in sexual behavior and plasma testosterone levels in the guinea pig.
Interlaboratory variability in determination of plasma antiepileptic drug concentrations.
Validation of a new quality of life questionnaire for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Variability of serum gonadotropin and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate concentrations in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Sources of variability in normal CA 125 levels.
Assessment of PAH-exposure among coke oven workers.
Human and dog erythrocytes: relationship between cellular ATP levels, ATP consumption and potassium concentrations.
Chronic alcohol intake induces reversible disturbances on cellular Na+ metabolism in humans: its relationship with changes in blood pressure.
The effect of genetic variability (degree of homozygosity) on serum levels of the anterior pituitary hormones prolactin, corticotropin, and growth hormone in rats.
Changes in neurotransmitter levels associated with the deficiency of some essential amino acids in the diet.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and the CYP1A1 restriction fragment length polymorphism.
Changes in markers of alcohol intake in man below 'safe' drinking levels.
Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol: a possible marker of recent alcohol consumption.
Sensitivity of different bacterial assays in detecting mutagens in urine of humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Variability in T cell receptor V beta gene usage in human peripheral blood lymphocytes. Studies of identical twins, siblings, and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.
Effects of aging and dietary restriction on tissue protein synthesis: relationship to plasma insulin-like growth factor-1.
Variability of the serum protein binding of theophylline in patients with asthma and cystic fibrosis.
Variability of serum levels for three oral 8-methoxypsoralen brands.
Selenium content of wheat for bread making in Scotland and the relationship between glutathione peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.9) levels in whole blood and bread consumption.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) ortho-quinone conjugate chemistry: kinetics of thiol addition to PAH ortho-quinones and structures of thioether adducts of naphthalene-1,2-dione.
Effect of prototypic polychlorinated biphenyls on hepatic and renal vitamin contents and on drug-metabolizing enzymes in rats fed diets containing low or high levels of retinyl palmitate.
Characterizing biological variability in livestock blood cholinesterase activity for biomonitoring organophosphate nerve agent exposure.
Coupled-column high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of subjects exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Association of serum lipoproteins and health-related habits with coffee and tea consumption in free-living subjects examined in the Israeli CORDIS Study.
Tea consumption. relationship to cholesterol, blood pressure, and coronary and total mortality.
Alcohol intake in relation to lipids, lipoproteins and blood pressure.
Relationship of catecholamine excretion to body size, obesity, and nutrient intake in middle-aged and elderly men.
Alcohol consumption and biological markers for alcoholism in idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy: a case-controlled study.
Levels and variability of purine nucleotides in normal human lymphocytes.
Cigarette smoking related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral mononuclear cells.
Changes in PCB serum concentrations among capacitor manufacturing workers.
Antisperm antibodies in women: variability in antibody levels in serum, mucus, and peritoneal fluid.
Use of PCB blood levels to assess potential exposure following an electrical transformer explosion.
Fatal systemic poisoning after skin exposure to monochloroacetic acid.
Cognitive development of Yu-Cheng ("oil disease") children prenatally exposed to heat-degraded PCBs.
Comparison of the effect of the amount and degree of unsaturation of dietary fat on plasma low density lipoproteins in vervet monkeys.
The effect of chloral hydrate and its metabolites, trichloroethanol and trichloroacetic acid, on bilirubin-albumin binding.
Trans-fatty acid intake in relation to serum lipid concentrations in adult men.
Variability of atrial natriuretic peptide plasma levels in ascitic cirrhotics: pathophysiological and clinical implications.
Gas chromatographic profiles of plasma total lipids as indicators of dietary history. Correlation with carbohydrate and alcohol intake based on 24-h dietary recall.
The variability of urinary protein and creatinine excretion in patients with gestational proteinuric hypertension.
Variability of serum bile acid concentrations over time in dairy cattle, and effect of feed deprivation on the variability.
Benzo(a)pyrene-blood protein adducts in wild woodchucks used as biological sentinels of environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons contamination.
Evaluation of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a coke production and a graphite electrode manufacturing plant: assessment of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a biological indicator of exposure.
The variability of and associations between measures of blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and blood lipids.
Repeatability and reproducibility of egg counts of Schistosoma haematobium in urine.
Substances in human urine that strongly inhibit bacterial mutagenicity of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and related heterocyclic amines.
Plasma lipid composition in an elderly population: correlation with dietary fat.
Variability of alpha-tocopherol values associated with procurement, storage, and freezing of equine serum and plasma samples.
Formation of DNA adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in male Fischer-344 rats.
The relationship of blood lactate concentrations, oxygen delivery and oxygen consumption in septic shock and the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Historical changes in serum PCB and DDT levels in an environmentally-exposed cohort.
Dose-dependent formation of preneoplastic foci and DNA adducts in rat liver with 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeA alpha C) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Single breath measurement of pulmonary blood flow in man: the causes of variability.
Age and site variability of skin blood perfusion in the hairless mouse ear determined by laser Doppler flowmetry.
Predictions of energy intake and energy allowance of patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and their validity.
Prospective estimation of IgG, IgG subclass and IgE antibodies to dietary proteins in infants with cow milk allergy. Levels of antibodies to whole milk protein, BLG and ovalbumin in relation to repeated milk challenge and clinical course of cow milk allergy.
Correlations of vitamin A and E intakes with the plasma concentrations of carotenoids and tocopherols among American men and women.
Poor sensitivity, specificity, and reproducibility of detection of HIV-1 DNA in serum by polymerase chain reaction. The Transfusion Safety Study Group.
Striking variability of hepatic copper levels in fulminant hepatic failure.
Variability in teniposide plasma protein binding is correlated with serum albumin concentrations.
Experiments on the effects of several factors on the 1-hydroxypyrene level in human urine as an indicator of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Validation and reproducibility of bidirectional laser Doppler velocimetry for the measurement of retinal blood flow.
Dose-response relationships between dietary (n-3) fatty acids and plasma and tissue lipids, steroid excretion and urinary malondialdehyde in rats.
The variability of the serum estradiol level in men: effect of stress (college examinations), cigarette smoking, and coffee drinking on the serum sex hormone and other hormone levels.
An examination of the time course from human dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to urinary elimination of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Impact of the new cuff design on reliability of the AS800 artificial urinary sphincter.
Determinants of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells from coke oven workers: correlation with job categories.
Obesity among Navajo adolescents. Relationship to dietary intake and blood pressure.
Chemical analysis, prevention, and low-level dosimetry of heterocyclic amines from cooked food.
Evaluation of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene and thioethers in workers exposed to bitumen fumes.
The association between moderate alcoholic beverage consumption and serum estradiol and testosterone levels in normal postmenopausal women: relationship to the literature.
Measuring the albumin excretion rate: agreement between methods and biological variability.
Reliability of urinary LH testing for planning of endometrial biopsies.
Reliability in the interpretation of the course of serum enzyme concentration changes in suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Reproducibility of HLA-A, B, and DR typing using peripheral blood samples: results of retyping in the collaborative corneal transplantation studies. Collaborative Corneal Transplantation Studies Group (corrected)
Inverse association of dietary calcium with systolic blood pressure in young children.
Dietary lipids and the low blood cholesterol-cancer association.
Urine test strips: reliability of semi-quantitative findings under tropical conditions.
Interindividual variability in the concentrations of albumin and alpha-1-acid glycoprotein in patients with renal or liver disease, newborns and healthy subjects: implications for binding of drugs.
Cholesterol-rich diet induced changes in plasma lipids in relation to apolipoprotein E phenotype in healthy students.
Critical analysis of methods for assessing regional blood flow and their reliability in clinical medicine.
Variability in response to a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet in children with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
Measuring ethanol in blood and breath for legal purposes: variability between laboratories and between breath-test instruments.
Relationships between blood pressure and measures of dietary energy intake, physical fitness, and physical activity in Australian children aged 11-12 years.
Variability of blood gases, pulse oximeter saturation, and end-tidal carbon dioxide pressure in stable, mechanically ventilated trauma patients.
Postnatal evolution of slow variability in cerebral blood flow velocity.
Assessment of sun sensitivity by questionnaire: validity of items and formulation of a prediction rule.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon--DNA adducts in white blood cells from lung cancer patients: no correlation with adduct levels in lung.
Nutrient intake and biochemical markers of nutritional status during long-term follow-up after total and partial gastrectomy.
Laboratory markers of ethanol intake and abuse: a critical appraisal.
Human fibroblasts lacking trans-stilbene oxide active glutathione transferase exhibit increased cell death when exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Acetaldehyde-modified hemoglobin as a marker of alcohol consumption: comparison of two new methods.
Detection of the relationship between moderate alcoholic beverage consumption and serum levels of estradiol in normal postmenopausal women: effects of alcohol consumption quantitation methods and sample size adequacy.
Comparison of the effects of dietary fish oils with different n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid compositions on plasma and liver lipids in rats.
Interactive effects of dietary levels of tryptophan and protein on voluntary feed intake and growth performance in pigs, in relation to plasma free amino acids and hypothalamic serotonin.
Reproducibility of plasma and extracellular fluid volume measurements in critically ill patients.
Variability and similarity of manual office and automated blood pressures.
Blood lipids: the relationship with alcohol intake, smoking, and body weight.
Intraindividual variation of beta 2-adrenergic receptors on mononuclear leukocytes and their relationships with endogenous plasma catecholamines in man.
The assessment of the relationship between blood pressure and sodium intake using whole-day, daytime and overnight urine collections.
Serum bile acids in relation to disease activity and intake of dietary fibers in juvenile ulcerative colitis.
Within-individual variation in serum cholesterol levels: association with DNA polymorphisms at the apolipoprotein B and AI-CIII-AIV loci in patients with peripheral arterial disease.
Cytogenetic analysis of peripheral blood lymphocytes in workers occupationally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Molecular mechanics and antibody binding in the structural analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-diol-epoxide--DNA adducts.
Estimation of protein intake: comparison of dietary assessment and urinary excretion.
Alcohol consumption as a risk factor for high blood pressure from the Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison Study. CARDIAC Cooperative Research Group).
Relationship between dietary factors and blood pressure in China. The Sino-Japan CARDIAC Cooperative Research Group.
A methylsulphonyl metabolite of a polychlorinated biphenyl can serve as a ligand for alpha 2mu-globulin in rat and major-urinary-protein in mice.
Mutagenicity of some heterocyclic amines in Salmonella typhimurium with metabolic activation by human red blood cell cytosol.
Effect of dietary tryptophan on muscle, liver and whole-body protein synthesis in weaned piglets: relationship to plasma insulin.
Comparison between the effects of dietary saturated (16:0), monounsaturated (18:1), and polyunsaturated (18:2) fatty acids on plasma lipoprotein metabolism in cebus and rhesus monkeys fed cholesterol-free diets.
IgG subclass antibodies to dietary antigens in IgA deficiency quantification and correlation with serum IgG subclass levels.
Differential reduction of plasma cholesterol by the American Heart Association Phase 3 Diet in moderately hypercholesterolemic, premenopausal women with different body mass indexes.
Cerebral-blood-flow-velocity measurements in neonates: technique and interobserver reliability.
Individual variability in concentrations of urinary sulindac sulfide.
A case-control study of nutrient status and invasive cervical cancer. I. Dietary indicators.
Urinary markers of chronic excessive ethanol consumption.
Time course reversibility of liver and blood changes induced in weanling rats after polychlorinated biphenyl exposure during lactation.
Relationship between dietary, serum, and tissue levels of carotenoids.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum: a new marker of potentially harmful alcohol consumption reviewed.
Role of genetic variability in neonatal jaundice. A prospective study on full-term, blood group-compatible infants.
Fish diet and physical fitness in relation to membrane and serum lipids, prostanoid metabolism and platelet aggregation in female students.
Long-term storage of red blood cells and correlations between red cell and dietary fatty acids: results from a pilot study.
The correlation between serum total cholesterol and some trace elements in serum, liver and heart of rats fed high cholesterol diet.
Reproducibility of renal blood flow estimation in the miniature pig using 99Tcm-DTPA: introducing semiautomatic processing.
Studies of urine-associated acetaldehyde as a marker for alcohol intake in mice.
Nutritional considerations in the variability of plasma cholesterol measurements.
Determination of Mirex in human blood serum containing polychlorinated biphenyls by using packed column gas chromatography.
Variability in cardiovascular and plasma norepinephrine responses to head-up tilt in healthy human subjects.
Fluid intake during an ultramarathon running race: relationship to plasma volume and serum sodium and potassium.
The relationship between splanchnic oxygen consumption and blood supply.
Synthesis and antineoplastic activity of some cyano-, carboxy-, carbomethoxy-, and carbamoylborane adducts of heterocyclic amines.
Cadmium in induced hair of the rat and its relation to the level in the diet and in the major organs during long-term exposure to cadmium in the subtoxic and toxic range.
Urinary growth hormone excretion in 657 healthy children and adults: normal values, inter- and intraindividual variations.
Erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid versus docosahexaenoic acid as a marker for fish and fish oil consumption.
Diet-induced changes in glucose and triglycerides are associated with changes in plasminogen activator inhibitor levels.
Concentration of ethinyl estradiol in the serum of 31 young women following a treatment period of 3 months with two low-dose oral contraceptives in an intraindividual cross-over design.
An international study of the relationship between alcohol consumption and postmenopausal estradiol levels.
Alcohol and other dietary factors in relation to serum hormone concentrations in women at climacteric.
Gas chromatographic profiles of plasma total lipids as indicators of dietary history. Correlation with fat intake based on 24-h dietary recall.
In vitro hydrolysis of RR,SS-threo-methylphenidate by blood esterases--differential and enantioselective interspecies variability.
Restricting environmental stimulation influences levels and variability of plasma cortisol.
Rapid determination by high performance liquid chromatography of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate in plasma stored in plastic bags.
Muscle protein turnover in chickens selected for increased growth rate, food consumption or efficiency of food utilisation: effects of genotype and relationship to plasma IGF-I and growth hormone.
The microsphere technique in anaesthetized and awake pregnant guinea-pigs: reproducibility of repeated blood flow measurements.
Lipid composition and peroxide levels of mucosal cells in the rat large intestine in relation to dietary fat.
Relationship between dietary cations and blood pressure.
Reproducibility of 24-hour serum growth hormone profiles in man.
Dietary deficiency of vitamin B12 is associated with low serum cobalamin levels in non-vegetarians.
Comparison of reliability of plasma fructosamine and glycosylated hemoglobin assays for assessing glycemic control in diabetic patients on hemodialysis.
A major factor contributing to the high degree of unexplained variability of some elements concentrations in biological tissue: 27 elements in 5 organs of the mussel Mytilus as a model.
Exposure to dioxins and dibenzofurans through the consumption of fish.
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in blood of Wisconsin sport fish consumers.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling with dichloromethane, its metabolite, carbon monoxide, and blood carboxyhemoglobin in rats and humans.
Assessment of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: analysis of selected isomers in blood and adipose tissue.
Alteration of serum lipoprotein metabolism by polychlorinated biphenyls and methionine in rats fed a soybean protein diet.
Accidental exposure of children to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Comparison of three species of dietary fish: effects on serum concentrations of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein in normotriglyceridemic subjects.
Human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in Greater New Bedford, Massachusetts: a prevalence study.
Problems associated with interferences in the analysis of serum for polychlorinated biphenyls.
Relationship in humans between ascorbic acid consumption and levels of total and reduced ascorbic acid in lens, aqueous humor, and plasma.
Lack of a relationship between induced changes in oxygen consumption and changes in lactate levels.
The relationship between coffee consumption and lipid levels in young and older people in the Heidelberg-Michelstadt-Berlin study.
Cochlear efferent neurones and protection against acoustic trauma: protection of outer hair cell receptor current and interanimal variability.
Evidence of an unusual pattern of polychlorinated biphenyls in the serum of some residents and canines in Paoli, Pennsylvania.
Postlabeling analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells of foundry workers.
PAH extraction and estimation of plasma flow in diseased human kidneys.
A computerized diet questionnaire for use in diet health education. 1. Development and validation.
Relationship between mutagenicity and DNA adduct formation in mammalian cells for fjord- and bay-region diol-epoxides of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Biological variability of superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and catalase in blood.
Inverse relation between iodine intake and thyroid blood flow: color Doppler flow imaging in euthyroid humans.
Low-level chemiluminescence from Drosophila melanogaster fed with chemical mutagens polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon quinones and a carcinogenic bracken fern.
The formation of heart DNA adducts in F344 rat following dietary administration of heterocyclic amines.
An evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire for assessing dietary intake of specific carotenoids and vitamin E among low-income black women.
Relationship between serum xanthophyll levels and the consumption of cigarettes, alcohol or foods in healthy inhabitants of Japan.
Short-term moderate-dose pelvic radiotherapy of advanced bladder carcinoma. A questionnaire-based evaluation of its symptomatic effect.
Reliability of pulpal blood-flow measurements utilizing laser Doppler flowmetry.
Estimating serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels in highly exposed workers: an empirical model.
The caffeine breath test and caffeine urinary metabolite ratios in the Michigan cohort exposed to polybrominated biphenyls: a preliminary study.
Is serum gamma-glutamyl transferase a good marker of alcohol intake in stroke patients?
Reliability and interrelations among serum sex hormones in postmenopausal women.
Comparisons of diet and biochemical characteristics of stool and urine between Chinese populations with low and high colorectal cancer rates.
Adipose tissue fatty acid composition and its relations to diet and plasma lipid concentrations in hemodialysis patients.
Urinary nitrate excretion in relation to murine macrophage activation. Influence of dietary L-arginine and oral NG-monomethyl-L-arginine.
Studies of whole blood associated acetaldehyde as a marker for alcohol intake: effect of gender in mice.
32P Postlabelling analysis of urinary mutagens from smokers of black tobacco implicates 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) as a major DNA-damaging agent.
Measurement of aortic blood flow by Doppler echocardiography: day to day variability in normal subjects and applicability in clinical research.
Selenium in diet, blood, and toenails in relation to human health in a seleniferous area.
Reliability of ultrasound in the prenatal diagnosis of urinary tract abnormalities.
Non-mutagenicity of 4 metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) and 3 structurally related derivatives of di(2-ethylhexyl)adipate (DEHA) in the Salmonella mutagenicity assay.
Analytic variability and clinical significance of different assays for serum estradiol.
Variability of hemodynamic values and plasma catecholamine concentrations over a one-hour period in conscious, restrained rats.
Methodological error and spatial variability of organ blood flow measurements using radiolabeled microspheres.
Intraindividual variability of carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and phenytoin concentrations in saliva.
Steady-state sodium absorption and chloride secretion of colon and coprodeum, and plasma levels of osmoregulatory hormones in hens in relation to sodium intake.
Relationships of dietary fat consumption to serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in hispanic preschool children.
Variability in plasma oestrogen concentrations in men with a myocardial infarction.
Relationship between the concentration of cholecystokinin-like immunoreactivity in plasma and food intake in male rats.
Inverse relation between plasma inorganic phosphate and phospholipids in mice: effect of dietary inorganic phosphate, fasting and glucagon.
Interindividual comparability of blood glucose alterations after meals of complex carbohydrates.
Relationship between serum cholesterol and thromboxane B2 levels and atherosclerotic lesions in rabbits fed a high cholesterol diet.
Use of reference pools to compare the qualitative and quantitative determination of polychlorinated biphenyls by packed and capillary gas chromatography with electron capture detection. Part 1. Serum.
Transport and cellular uptake of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)--I. Association of individual PCB isomers and congeners with plasma lipoproteins and proteins in the pigeon.
Evaluation of branched-chain amino acid intake in children with maple syrup urine disease and methylmalonic aciduria.
Permeability of the blood-ocular barrier to mannitol and PAH during experimental diabetes.
Distribution of toxaphene, DDT, and PCB among lipoprotein fractions in rat and human plasma.
Association between habitual coffee consumption and blood pressure levels.
Potential compounds for monitoring method performance in the determination of selected organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Rotation of the anatomic regions used for insulin injections and day-to-day variability of plasma glucose in type I diabetic subjects.
Changes in free amino acid levels in various tissues of common carp in response to insulin injection followed by force-feeding an amino acid diet.
Interobserver variability in the interpretation of contrast venography, technetium-99m red blood cell venography and impedance plethysmography for deep vein thrombosis.
Serological characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diolepoxide-DNA adducts using monoclonal antibodies.
Exercise tolerance and alcohol intake. Blood pressure relation.
Urinary and serum urea as indicators of protein metabolism in very low birthweight infants fed varying human milk protein intakes.
Alcohol consumption and blood pressure: a comparison of native Japanese to American men.
Predictability and intraindividual variability of serum theophylline concentrations in patients with obstructive lung disease: 12-h versus 24-h dosing.
Effects of winter nutrition and summer pasture or a feedlot diet on plasma insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and the relationship between circulating concentrations of IGF-I and thyroid hormones in steers.
Consumption of boiled coffee is correlated with serum cholesterol in Finland.
A comparative blinded study in miniature swine of whole blood-, hemoglobin-, platelet-, plasma-, and lymphocyte-associated acetaldehyde as markers for ethanol intake.
Effect of level of dietary protein on arginine-stimulated citrulline synthesis. Correlation with mitochondrial N-acetylglutamate concentrations.
Potassium and calcium intake, excretion, and homeostasis in blacks, and their relation to blood pressure.
Effect of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate on enzyme activity levels in liver and serum of rats.
The relationship between dietary intake and urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium: Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
ECG wave form, short term heart rate variability and plasma catecholamine concentrations in intrauterine growth-retarded guinea-pig fetuses.
Plasma and renal clearance of iohexol--a study on the reproducibility of a method for the glomerular filtration rate.
Reduction of plasma cholesterol levels in normal men on an American Heart Association Step 1 diet or a Step 1 diet with added monounsaturated fat.
Correlations of dietary intake and blood nutrient levels with esophageal cancer mortality in China.
Ambulatory pulmonary arterial pressure in primary pulmonary hypertension: variability, relation to systemic arterial pressure, and plasma catecholamines.
Reliability and validity of a continuous incremental treadmill protocol for the determination of lactate threshold, fixed blood lactate concentrations, and VO2max.
Food predictors of plasma beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol: validation of a food frequency questionnaire.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator of human exposure to ambient polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a coal-burning environment.
Age-associated reduction of prostacyclin and thromboxane synthesis is inversely related to plasma cholesterol levels: modulation by dietary cholesterol supplementation.
Mutagenicity of deep-frying fat, and evaluation of urine mutagenicity after consumption of fried potatoes.
Selenium in diet, blood, and toenails in relation to breast cancer: a case-control study.
Species, diet, and gender differences in plasma postheparin lipolytic activities in nonhuman primates. Relationships with plasma lipids and high density lipoproteins.
Variability of serum prolactin and progesterone levels in normal women: the relevance of single hormone measurements in the clinical setting.
Development of a trichloroacetic acid precipitation assay for covalent adducts of thymidylate synthase.
Genetic variability in domesticated and wild sheep based on blood protein characters.
Molecular dosimetry of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxides and diol epoxides via hemoglobin adducts.
Reliability of current techniques for histamine determination in human plasma: the European external quality control study 1988.
Methylmalonic acid concentrations in serum of normal subjects: biological variability and effect of oral L-isoleucine loads before and after intramuscular administration of cobalamin.
Relationship between intraindividual variation of the saliva/plasma- and of the arteriovenous concentration ratio as demonstrated by the administration of caffeine.
Postlabeling and immunoassay analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons--adducts of deoxyribonucleic acid in white blood cells of foundry workers.
Within-person fluctuations of serum cholesterol and lipoproteins.
Day-to-day variability of serum cholesterol, triglyceride, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Impact on the assessment of risk according to the National Cholesterol Education Program guidelines.
The variability of serum cholesterol measurements: implications for screening and monitoring.
Plasma cholinesterase activity in a healthy population group with no occupational exposure to known cholinesterase inhibitors: relative influence of some factors related to normal inter- and intra-individual variations.
Subcutaneous adipose-tissue fatty acids and vitamin E in humans: relation to diet and sampling site.
Capillary blood cell velocity in finger nailfold: characteristics and reproducibility of the local cold response.
Taurine concentrations in plasma and whole blood in humans: estimation of error from intra- and interindividual variation and sampling technique.
Improved reliability of a serum alpha-fetoprotein enzyme immunoassay compared with a radioimmunoassay.
Variability in predicted rates of Down syndrome associated with elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels in older women.
Daily variability in human serum prostate-specific antigen and prostatic acid phosphatase: a comparative evaluation.
Does "susceptibility" explain the weak epidemiological relationship between dietary sodium and blood pressure?
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in adipose tissue lipid and serum of past and present transformer repair workers and a comparison group.
Variability of cellular responsiveness to ADH stimulation in toad urinary bladder.
PCB and other organochlorine compounds in blood of women with or without miscarriage: a hypothesis of correlation.
Biological monitoring of fire fighters: sister chromatid exchange and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral blood cells.
The relationship between serum lipid levels and nutrient intake in healthy inhabitants of urban and rural Shanghai.
Dietary patterns in 10 groups and the relationship with blood pressure. Collaborative Study Group for Cardiovascular Diseases and Their Risk Factors.
Differential effects of dietary fat on the tissue-specific expression of the apolipoprotein A-I gene: relationship to plasma concentration of high density lipoproteins.
Derivative fluorescence spectral analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta.
Sensitivity and reproducibility of urinary C-peptide as estimate of islet B-cell function in insulin-treated diabetes.
Correlation between niacin equivalent intake and urinary excretion of its metabolites, N'-methylnicotinamide, N'-methyl-2-pyridone-5-carboxamide, and N'-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide, in humans consuming a self-selected food.
Influence of age, posture and intra-individual variation on plasma levels of atrial natriuretic peptide.
Studies of safe maximal daily dietary Se-intake in a seleniferous area in China. Part II: Relation between Se-intake and the manifestation of clinical signs and certain biochemical alterations in blood and urine.
Dietary fish oils increase serum lipids in insulin-dependent diabetics compared with healthy controls.
Progress in lipid reporting practices and reliability of blood cholesterol measurement in clinical laboratories in Nebraska. Efforts to align results with the Centers for Disease Control, and feasibility of meeting National Cholesterol Education Program Guidelines.
Gas chromatographic determination of polychlorinated biphenyls (as Aroclor 1254) in serum: collaborative study.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs), and dichlorodiphenyl trichloroethane (DDT) levels in the sera of young children.
Comparison of the increment in plasma eicosapentaenoate concentrations by fish oil intake between young and middle-aged volunteers.
Plasma concentrations of 15-keto-13,14-dihydro-PGF-2 alpha, oestrone sulphate, oestradiol-17 beta and progesterone in pregnant guinea-pigs treated with polychlorinated biphenyls.
Clinical significance of a new isoform of serum alanine aminopeptidase; relationship with liver disease and alcohol consumption.
Serum mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase activity: not useful as a marker of excessive alcohol consumption in an unselected population.
Steady-state fluctuation and variability of betaxolol and atenolol plasma levels.
Relationship between serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity, blood pressure and alcohol consumption.
Pharmacokinetics of captopril and its effects on blood pressure during acute and chronic administration and in relation to food intake.
Reliability of fetal buttock blood sampling in assessing the acid-base balance of the breech fetus.
Intra- and interindividual variability in the free fraction of cyclosporine in plasma in recipients of renal transplants.
Relationship of dietary fat to plasma fatty acids, blood pressure, and urinary eicosanoids in adult men.
Reasons for intraindividual inconstancy of the digoxin saliva to serum concentration ratio.
Relationship between dietary protein concentration and serum trypsin-like immunoreactivity in dogs.
Variability of coronary blood flow measurements with microspheres in the rat: role of injection site and sphere number.
Intra-individual variation in plasma and erythrocyte cholinesterase activities and the monitoring of uptake of organo-phosphate pesticides.
Variability of urine albumin excretion in normal and diabetic children.
Reversibility and reproducibility of histamine induced plasma leakage in nasal airways.
Experience with portable ultrasound equipment and measurement of urine volumes: inter-user reliability and factors of patient position.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasound measurement of blood flow velocity and its variability in the supraclinoid segment of the internal carotid artery in preterm newborns.
Antipsoriatic effect of local corticosteroids--O2-consumption and blood flow measurements compared to clinical parameters.
Reliability of self-monitoring of blood glucose by CSII-treated patients with type I diabetes.
Regulation of bovine adipose tissue metabolism during lactation. 5. Relationships of lipid synthesis and lipolysis with energy intake and utilization.
Variability of serum phenytoin concentrations in nursing home patients.
Significant increase of IQ-type heterocyclic amines, dietary carcinogens in the plasma of patients with uremia just before induction of hemodialysis treatment.
Relation between dopaminergic control of pituitary lactotroph function and deceleration of age-related changes in serum prolactin of diet-restricted rats.
Reproducibility of the indirect immunobead assay for detecting sperm antibodies in serum.
Individual variability of amiodarone distribution in plasma and erythrocytes: implications for therapeutic monitoring.
Reliability of a urine dipstick in emergency department patients.
Reliability of the determination of whole-blood oxygen affinity by means of blood-gas analyzers and multi-wavelength oximeters.
Reproducibility of urinary 3-methylhistidine excretion in human subjects consuming freely selected diets.
Variability in lipoprotein concentrations in serum after prolonged storage at -20 degrees C.
Effect of vitamin B12-deficiency on the activity of hepatic cystathionine beta-synthase in rats.
Biological monitoring of human exposure to coal tar. Urinary excretion of total polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-hydroxypyrene and mutagens in psoriatic patients.
Cerebral blood flow velocity variability after cardiovascular support in premature babies.
Reliability of white blood cell counting.
Variability in the pharmacokinetics of nisoldipine as caused by differences in liver blood flow response.
Relationship between serum cholesteryl ester composition, dietary habits and coronary risk factors in middle-aged men.
Quantification of regional cerebral blood flow with IMP-SPECT. Reproducibility and clinical relevance of flow values.
Correlation between the DNA damage in urinary bladder epithelium and the urinary 2-phenyl-1,4-benzoquinone levels from F344 rats fed sodium o-phenylphenate in the diet.
Tobacco smoking, coffee, cocoa and tea consumption in relation to mortality from urinary bladder cancer in Italy.
On the performance and reliability of mechanized urine teststrip measurement in comparison with visual reading.
Experimental uraemia with associated plasma amino acid abnormalities but without retarded food intake and weight gain.
Relationship of intraindividual dose to plasma concentration of carbamazepine: indication of dose-dependent induction of metabolism.
Heart rate, employment status, and prevalent ischaemic heart disease confound relation between cereal fibre intake and blood pressure.
Diet, alcohol, body mass, and social factors in relation to blood pressure: the Caerphilly Heart Study.
Change in blood pressure in relation to change in nutrients effected by manipulation of dietary sodium and potassium.
Phosphorylation of specific rat plasma membrane proteins during promotion of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase-positive hepatic foci and inhibition by di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Interindividual variation of beta-adrenoceptor blocking drugs, plasma concentration and effect: influence of genetic status on behaviour of atenolol, bopindolol and metoprolol.
Toxicity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. I. Effect of phenanthrene, pyrene, and their ozonized products on blood chemistry in rats.
Relation between consumption of alcohol and fatty acids esterifying serum cholesterol in healthy men.
Blood lipid variability in relation to relative weight and biochemical markers of tobacco and alcohol consumption.
Plasma concentrations of arginine vasotocin, prolactin, aldosterone and corticosterone in relation to oviposition and dietary NaCl in the domestic fowl.
Serum ferritin as a marker of alcohol consumption in working men.
Relationship of increased food intake and plasma ACTH levels to 5-HT1A receptor activation in rats.
Comparison of variability of urinary sodium, potassium, and calcium in free-living men.
Relationship of vitamin A and vitamin E intake to fasting plasma retinol, retinol-binding protein, retinyl esters, carotene, alpha-tocopherol, and cholesterol among elderly people and young adults: increased plasma retinyl esters among vitamin A-supplement users.
Fatty acid composition of serum cholesteryl esters and erythrocyte membranes as indicators of linoleic acid intake in man.
Blood lead-blood pressure relations: alcohol intake and hemoglobin as confounders.
Variability of thymidylate synthase activity in whole blood cultures treated with FUdR.
Atrial natriuretic peptides: reproducibility of renal effects and response of liver blood flow.
The variability of overnight urinary albumin excretion in insulin-dependent diabetic and normal subjects.
Dietary and hormonal interrelationships in premenopausal women: evidence for a relationship between dietary nutrients and plasma prolactin levels.
Plasma atrial natriuretic peptide in essential hypertension. Comparison with normotensive subjects and effects of changes in dietary sodium intake.
The reproducibility of resting and post exercise plasma beta-endorphins.
Use of memory meters to measure reliability of self blood glucose monitoring.
A proficiency score for assessing the reliability of self blood glucose monitoring.
Immunological studies of patients with Down's syndrome. Measurements of autoantibodies and serum antibodies to dietary antigens in relation to zinc levels.
Fluorescence line narrowing-nonphotochemical hole burning spectrometry: femtomole detection and high selectivity for intact DNA-PAH adducts.
The relations between vitamin D2 and D3 in the diet and plasma 25OHD2 and 25OHD3 in elderly women in Great Britain.
Polybrominated biphenyls in model and environmentally contaminated human blood: protein binding and immunotoxicological studies.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls and lipemia on serum analytes.
Effect of polybrominated biphenyls on the growth and maturation of human peripheral blood lymphocytes.
Effects of an elemental diet, inert bulk and different types of dietary fibre on the response of the intestinal epithelium to refeeding in the rat and relationship to plasma gastrin, enteroglucagon, and PYY concentrations.
Serum isocitrate dehydrogenase during polybrominated biphenyl toxicosis in dairy cattle.
Diagnostic reliability of simultaneous measurements of beta human chorionic gonadotropin and pregnancy-specific beta-1-glycoprotein in serum of patients with trophoblastic disease.
Sources of variability in foot and mouth disease vaccine potency estimates based on serum neutralizing antibody assay.
Vegetarian diet and blood pressure levels: incidental or causal association?
Reliability of voiding colpo-cysto-urethrography in female urinary stress incontinence before and after treatment.
The uterine artery blood flow velocity waveform: reproducibility and results in normal pregnancy.
Myoinositol in small preterm infants: relationship between intake and serum concentration.
Gas chromatographic and mass spectrometric analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human placenta and cord blood.
Effects of dietary methionine, cystine and potassium sulfate on serum cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
Controlled evaluation of fat intake in the Mediterranean diet: comparative activities of olive oil and corn oil on plasma lipids and platelets in high-risk patients.
A pilot study of serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels in persons at high risk of exposure in residential and occupational environments.
Assessment of clinical, metabolic, dietary, and occupational correlations with serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels among employees at an electrical capacitor manufacturing plant.
A theoretical study of the binding of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dibenzodioxins, and dibenzofuran to human plasma prealbumin.
Influence of serum cholesterol and albumin on partitioning of PCB congeners between human serum and adipose tissue.
Micro anion exchange chromatography of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum in relation to alcohol consumption (Swedish Patent 8400587-5).
Population pharmacokinetics of alfentanil: the average dose-plasma concentration relationship and interindividual variability in patients.
Correlation of dietary aflatoxin B1 levels with excretion of aflatoxin M1 in human urine.
Evaluation of potential health effects associated with serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Urinary levels of estrone sulfate and 11-ketotetranor prostaglandin F metabolite in pregnant guinea pigs given Clophen A50 (polychlorinated biphenyls).
Pilot survey of urinary porphyrins from persons transiently exposed to a PCB transformer fire.
Effect of dietary ascorbic acid, cholesterol and PCB on cholesterol concentrations in serum and liver in a rat mutant unable to synthesize ascorbic acid.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells of foundry workers.
Quantification of plasma lipids and apolipoproteins in British Halflop rabbits. A comparison between normocholesterolemic rabbits, hypercholesterolemic rabbits (modified WHHL rabbits) and rabbits fed an atherogenic diet.
Canine serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs): a pilot study to evaluate the use of animal sentinels in environmental health.
Do residue levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human blood produce mild hypothyroidism?
Serum screening for oncogene proteins in workers exposed to PCBs.
Use of mannitol during neurosurgery: interpatient variability in the plasma and CSF levels.
A-DNA accommodates adducts derived from diol epoxides of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons bound in a "side-stacking" mode.
Alcohol intake correlated with serum trace elements.
Intra-individual variation of serum thyroxin and triiodothyronine in pregnancy.
Variability of serum drug level following a single oral dose of dipyridamole.
Relationship between dietary tyrosine and plasma cholesterol in the rat.
Blood flow distribution and its temporal variability in stimulated dog gastrocnemius muscle.
The association of dietary fat with serum cholesterol in vegetarians: the effect of dietary assessment on the correlation coefficient.
Calcium intake and the relationship of dietary sodium and potassium to blood pressure.
Relationship of dietary sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium with blood pressure. Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
Airborne concentrations, skin contamination, and urinary metabolite excretion of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among paving workers exposed to coal tar derived road tars.
Plasma apolipoprotein B in middle-aged Finnish men. Evidence for a regional gradient of apo B and lack of negative correlation between apo B and dietary linoleate in hyperapobetalipoproteinemia.
Reliability and accuracy of Urotel test, a device for urinary cytology.
Dietary fat in relation to fatty acid composition of red cells and adipose tissue in colorectal cancer.
Comparison of changes in serum androgen binding protein with germinal epithelial damage and infertility induced by di-n-pentyl phthalate.
Associations of alcohol consumption with plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol and its major subfractions: the Caerphilly and Speedwell Collaborative Heart Disease Studies.
Variability of capillary plasma glucose in healthy individuals in repeated 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests.
The association between blood pressure, age, and dietary sodium and potassium: a population study.
The relation of diet, cigarette smoking, and alcohol consumption to plasma beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol levels.
Toxicological quandary of the use of bis (2-diethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) as a plasticizer for blood bags.
Daily variability of umbilical and lateral uterine wall artery blood velocity waveform measurements.
Cerebral blood flow velocity variability in infants receiving assisted ventilation.
Blood flow velocity and systolic time intervals measured by pulsed Doppler ultrasound: reproducibility of measurements.
The relationship of dietary intake and serum levels of retinol and beta-carotene with breast cancer. Results of a case-control study.
Effect of lot-to-lot variability in filter paper on the quantification of thyroxin, thyrotropin, and phenylalanine in dried-blood specimens.
Determination of the relationships between psychological stress levels and blood pressure, pulse and respiratory rates, weight and cigarette consumption.
Dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood and adipose tissue of Agent Orange-exposed Vietnam veterans and matched controls.
Regional blood flows by the microsphere method: reproducibility in portal hypertensive rats and influence of a portal vein catheter.
Variability gene effect on cholesterol at the Kidd blood group locus.
Structural variability of the neutral carbohydrate moiety of cow colostrum kappa-casein as a function of time after parturition. Identification of a tetrasaccharide with blood group I specificity.
Reproducibility of the measurement of plasma noradrenergic and dopaminergic metabolites in normal subjects.
Underestimation of dose--response relationship with particular reference to the relationship between the dietary intake of mercury and its concentration in blood.
Intersubject variability in plasma theophylline levels after oral and intravenous administration in Jordanian patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Detection and characterization of human serum antibodies to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol-epoxide DNA adducts.
The relationship between dietary fat, adipose tissue composition, and neoplasms of the breast.
Exercise and brain catecholamine relationships with brown adipose tissue and whole-body oxygen consumption in rats.
Association of food frequency questionnaire estimates of vitamin A intake with serum vitamin A levels.
Investigation of serum creatine kinase variability after muscle-damaging exercise.
Fatty acid composition of serum lipids and its relation to diet in an elderly institutionalized population.
A comparison of the effects of a macrobiotic diet and a Western diet on drug metabolism and plasma lipids in man.
Coffee consumption is correlated with serum cholesterol in middle-aged Finnish men and women.
Red blood cell plasma Li ratio variability in affective patients.
The relationship between blood thiamine levels and dietary thiamine content in diabetic outpatients and healthy subjects.
Dietary fat and mammary cancer. II. Modulation of serum and tumor lipid composition and tumor prostaglandins by different dietary fats: association with tumor incidence patterns.
Serum levels of vitamin C in relation to dietary and supplemental intake of vitamin C in smokers and nonsmokers.
Comparison of psychotropic drug intake in two populations in West Germany. Results from the Munich Blood Pressure Study 1980/81 and the Luebeck Blood Pressure Study 1984.
Comparison of dietary casein or soy protein effects on plasma lipids and hormone concentrations in the gerbil (Meriones unguiculatus).
Tubule urate and PAH transport: sensitivity and specificity of serum protein inhibition.
Loss of spontaneous variability of fingertip anastomotic blood flow in diabetic autonomic neuropathy.
Associations of dietary fat, regional adiposity, and blood pressure in men.
Relationship between serum vitamin D metabolites and dietary intake of phosphate in patients with early renal failure.
Subcutaneous adipose tissue blood flow in the forefoot during 24 hours. Labeling pattern and reproducibility.
Automated trichloroacetic acid precipitation method for urine total protein.
Short-term biological reproducibility of serum fatty acid composition in children.
A longitudinal investigation of the relationships among alcohol consumption, psychosocial factors, and blood pressure.
Measurement of heparin in plasma: influence of inter-subject and circadian variability in heparin sensitivity according to method.
Variability of urinary sodium and potassium excretion in north Chinese men.
Cigarette consumption and serum cotinine in relation to birthweight.
Reliability of urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase as an indicator of renal tubular damage in neonates.
Blood variables in adult stumptail macaques (Macaca arctoides) living in a captive group; annual variability.
Compared effects of a low and a high sodium diet on the renal and urinary concentration and activity of kallikrein in normal rats.
Association of serum lipids with coffee, tea, and egg consumption in free-living subjects.
The variability and dietary dependence of urinary oxalate excretion in recurrent calcium stone formers.
On the within-population relationship between dietary habits and serum lipid levels in Belgium.
Relationships between dietary cholesterol, cholesterol absorption, cholesterol synthesis, and plasma cholesterol in rhesus monkeys.
Taurine concentrations in the diet, plasma, urine and breast milk of vegans compared with omnivores.
Urinary excretion of 1-methylhistidine: a qualitative indicator of exogenous 3-methylhistidine and intake of meats from various sources.
Interdependence of associations of physical activity, smoking, and alcohol and coffee consumption with serum high-density lipoprotein and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol--a population study in eastern Finland.
Measurement of food intake in children with diabetes mellitus: a comparison of protein intake and urine nitrogen.
Monochloroacetic acid toxicity in the mouse associated with blood-brain barrier damage.
Plasma catecholamines, dietary carbohydrate, and glucose intolerance: a comparison between young and old men.
Relationship between alcohol consumption, body weight, family history of hypertension and blood pressure in young adults.
Distribution of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and products in blood and blood components.
Relationship between blood lead concentrations and dietary lead intake in infants: the Glasgow Duplicate Diet Study 1979-1980.
Skin capillary blood cell velocity in man. Characteristics and reproducibility of the reactive hyperemia response.
Biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Metabolites in urine.
The relationship of dietary fat to plasma lipid levels as studied by factor analysis of adipose tissue fatty acid composition in a free-living population of middle-aged American men.
Association between dietary fat intake and plasma factor VII coagulant activity--a predictor of cardiovascular mortality.
Determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the urine, benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-DNA adducts in lymphocyte DNA, and antibodies to the adducts in sera from coke oven workers exposed to measured amounts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the work atmosphere.
Comparative clinical reliability of fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between urinary calcium and calcium intake during calcitriol administration.
Urinary excretion of nitrosodimethylamine and nitrosoproline in humans: interindividual and intraindividual differences and the effect of administered ascorbic acid and alpha-tocopherol.
Urine mutagenicity as an indicator of exposure to dietary mutagens formed during cooking of foods.
Lack of an association between calcium intake and blood pressure in postmenopausal women.
Reliability of plasma creatinine measurement in infants and children.
Altered aortic reactivity and lowered blood pressure associated with high calcium intake.
Patterns and relationships of plasma calcium, protein and phosphorus during the egg laying cycle of the fowl and the effect of dietary calcium.
The relationship of salt intake and arterial blood pressure in salted-tea drinking Kashmiris.
Reliability and significance of increased creatine kinase MB isoenzyme in the serum of uremic patients.
Inhibition of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in epidermis and lungs of SENCAR mice by naturally occurring plant phenols.
Relationship between amino acid composition of diet and plasma cholesterol level in growing rats fed a high cholesterol diet.
Effects of sera from uninephrectomized rats on renal slices: PAH and TEA uptake and QO2.
Limits of reproducibility of blood flow measurements by Doppler echocardiography.
Relationship of magnesium intake and other dietary factors to blood pressure: the Honolulu heart study.
Toxicity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. II. Effect of NO2-nitrated phenanthrene and pyrene on blood chemistry in rats.
Partitioning the variability of fasting plasma glucose levels in pedigrees. Genetic and environmental factors.
Reliability of urinary pregnancy tests in the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy.
Urinary kallikrein: assay validation and physiological variability.
The association of intakes of vitamin D and calcium with blood pressure among women.
Relation of alcohol, physical activity, dietary fat and smoking to serum HDL and total cholesterol in young Finnish men.
Relation between protein intake, plasma valine, and insulin secretion during early infancy.
The sodium intake modifies the renin-aldosterone and blood pressure changes associated with moderately low energy diets.
Reproducibility of the variations between humans in the response of serum cholesterol to cessation of egg consumption.
Association of blood pressure and PCB level in yusho patients.
PCB and PCDF congeners in the blood and tissues of yusho and yu-cheng patients.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, dibenzofurans and quaterphenyls in toxic rice-bran oil and in the blood and tissues of patients with PCB poisoning (Yu-Cheng) in Taiwan.
PCBs, PCQs and PCDFs in blood of yusho and yu-cheng patients.
Health status and PCBs in blood of workers exposed to PCBs and of their children.
Polychlorinated biphenyl uptake and transport by lymph and plasma components.
Comparability and precision of serum PCB measurements.
Polychlorinated biphenyl poisoning: correlation of sensory and motor nerve conduction, neurologic symptoms, and blood levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, quaterphenyls, and dibenzofurans.
Effect of dietary egg on variability of plasma cholesterol levels and lipoprotein cholesterol.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in the blood of personnel from an electric utility.
Relationship of food intake to the induction of plasma sex steroid-binding protein and testicular activity in immature male little brown bats (Myotis lucifugus lucifugus).
Oral dosing of rats with polychlorinated biphenyls increases urinary homovanillic acid production.
Polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in the blood plasma of a selected sample of non-occupationally exposed southern California working adults.
Changes in the concentrations of parathyroid hormone and ionic calcium in the plasma of laying hens during the egg cycle in relation to dietary deficiencies of calcium and vitamin D.
Effects of exposure to salty drinking water in an Arizona community. Cardiovascular mortality, hypertension prevalence, and relationships between blood pressure and sodium intake.
Sister chromatid exchange (SCE) in Greenlandic Eskimos. Dose-response relationship between SCE and seal diet, smoking, and blood cadmium and mercury concentrations.
Alcohol consumption and its relationship to smoking, weight, blood pressure, and blood lipids. The Albany Study.
Method of assessing the reproducibility of blood flow measurement: factors influencing the performance of thermodilution cardiac output computers.
Reproducibility of plasma catecholamine concentrations at rest and during exercise in man.
The relationship between both sodium and potassium intake and blood pressure in London Civil Servants. A report from the Whitehall Department of Environment Study.
Species variability in the cardiovascular and hematologic effects of zymosan-activated plasma infusion.
Evaluation of reliability of history in women complaining of urinary stress incontinence.
Comparative reliability of D-xylose absorption and serum beta-carotene measurements in small intestinal disease.
Reliability of amitriptyline dose prediction based on single-dose plasma levels.
Relationship between dietary and plasma copper levels of pregnant Nigerian women.
Trace elements (copper, zinc, manganese, and selenium) in plasma and erythrocytes in relation to dietary intake during infancy.
Reliability of urinary creatinine as a parameter used to adjust values of urinary biological indicators.
Determination of phthalic acid, mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in human plasma and in blood products.
The relationship between plasma concentrations of prolactin and consumption of feed and water during the reproductive cycle of the domestic turkey.
Dietary cadmium intakes of farmers in nonpolluted areas in Japan, and the relation with blood cadmium levels.
Relationship between zinc intake, physical activity, and blood levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in a healthy elderly population.
Effect of castration on the experimental renal hypertension of the rat. Blood pressure, nephrosclerosis, long-chain fatty acids, and N-acetylation of PAH in the kidney.
Reproducibility of oxprenolol plasma concentrations in young female volunteers following oral administration of an oxprenolol Oros dosage form.
Mutagenic activity and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels in urine of workers exposed to coal tar pitch volatiles in an anode plant.
Variability of plasma lipids and lipoproteins: the Jerusalem Lipid Research Clinic Study.
Inter-individual variation in blood supply of the optic nerve head. Its importance in various ischemic disorders of the optic nerve head, and glaucoma, low-tension glaucoma and allied disorders.
Measurement of blood-retinal barrier permeability: a reproducibility study in normal eyes.
Reliability of progesterone measurements in urine.
A simple approach to estimate the variability of individual plasma drug concentrations in patients at a standardized multiple dosing regimen.
Passage of undegraded dietary antigen into the blood of healthy adults. Quantification, estimation of size distribution, and relation of uptake to levels of specific antibodies.
Reliability of urinary cytodiagnosis in urothelial neoplasms.
Relationship of blood flow and oxygen consumption to ischemic injury in the canine small intestine.
Coagulopoietin activity in rat plasma: influence of degree of hypoprothrombinemia and reproducibility of the response.
Relationships among dietary lipid intake, serum cholesterol and ovarian function in Holstein heifers.
Blood pressure development of the spontaneously hypertensive rat after concurrent manipulations of dietary Ca2+ and Na+. Relation to intestinal Ca2+ fluxes.
Exposure of newborn infants to plasticizers. Plasma levels of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate during exchange transfusion.
Variability of fentanyl pharmacokinetics in man. Computer predicted plasma concentrations for three intravenous dosage regimens.
Relationship between nutritional status, dietary intake patterns and plasma lipoprotein concentrations in rural black South Africans.
Long term 'marine diet' in Eskimos is not associated with altered urinary excretion of total tetranor prostaglandin metabolites.
Urine phthalate determinations as an index of occupational exposure to phthalic anhydride and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Relationship of diet to the fatty acid composition of human adipose tissue structural and stored lipids.
1-hydroxypyrene in human urine after exposure to coal tar and a coal tar derived product.
Variability in the response of different male subjects to the effect of marathon running on the increase in plasma high density lipoprotein.
Regional cerebral blood flow utilizing the gamma camera and xenon inhalation: reproducibility and clinical applications.
The need of essential amino acids in children. An evaluation based on the intake of phenylalanine, tyrosine, leucine, isoleucine, and valine in children with phenylketonuria, tyrosine amino transferase defect, and maple syrup urine disease.
Alterations of plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels associated with consumption of selected medications. The Lipid Research Clinics Program Prevalence Study.
Plasma neutral amino acid ratios in normal man and in patients with hepatic encephalopathy: correlations with self-selected protein and energy consumption.
Identification of the metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in urine from the African green monkey.
Physiological and pharmacological variability in estimated hepatic blood flow in man.
The combined effect of DDT and polychlorinated biphenyls on the blood and heart rate of the white leghorn cockerel (Gallus domesticus).
Correlations of serum lipids and lipoproteins with gamma-glutamyltransferase and attitude to alcohol consumption.
Variability of the topography of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors in the plasma membrane of cultured human skin fibroblasts as revealed by gold-LDL conjugates in conjunction with the surface replication technique.
Increase of neurophysin II serum levels in chronic alcoholic patients: relationship with alcohol consumption and alcoholism blood markers during withdrawal therapy.
Differences in urinary metabolic profile from di-n-butyl phthalate-treated rats and hamsters. A possible explanation for species differences in susceptibility to testicular atrophy.
Comparison of blood pressure, sodium intake, and other variables in offspring with and without a family history of high blood pressure.
Consistent parallel relationships among myocardial oxygen consumption, coronary blood flow, and pericardial infusate adenosine concentration with various interventions and beta-blockade in the dog.
Contribution of the genetic status of oxidative metabolism to variability in the plasma concentrations of beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents.
Evaluation of serum gamma-glutamyl transferase as a screening method for excessive alcohol consumption during pregnancy.
Within-individual variation in steady state plasma levels of different neuroleptics and prolactin.
Variability of plasma proteins according to molecular size. Long-term and short-term intra-individual variation.
Variability of hematocrit value, blood serum beta- and gamma-globulin level and body weight in different transferrin genotypes of common vole (Microtus arvalis, Pallas 1779) from natural population.
Serum isoamylases in Sjgren's syndrome. Concentration levels and intra-individual variation.
Variability of the electrophoretic mobility of low density lipoprotein. Comparison of interstitial fluid from human aortic intima and serum.
Escherichia coli antibodies in alcoholic liver disease. Correlation to alcohol consumption, alcoholic hepatitis, and serum IgA.
Abnormalities of lymphocyte subsets are correlated with concentrate consumption in asymptomatic Italian hemophiliacs treated with concentrates made from American plasma.
Reproducibility of Doppler aortic blood flow measurements: studies on intraobserver, interobserver and day-to-day variability in normal subjects.
Distribution of polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) among fractions derived from contaminated human plasma.
Temperature-programmed gas chromatographic determination of polychlorinated and polybrominated biphenyls in serum.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls on the development of intestinal and serum marker enzymes.
Choline and PAH transport across blood-CSF barriers: the effect of lithium.
Partitioning of polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs) in serum, adipose tissue, breast milk, placenta, cord blood, biliary fluid, and feces.
Long-term effects of a single oral dose of polybrominated biphenyls on serum and liver lipids in rats.
Effects of polybrominated biphenyls on the concentration and clearance of steroids from blood.
Relationship between plasma concentrations of immunoreactive beta-endorphin and food intake in rats.
Association of plasma 5'-nucleotidase and alkaline phosphatase with production traits in chickens: genetic and phenotypic variability.
Reproducibility of insulin dosage on consecutive days of blood glucose control by an artificial beta-cell in brittle diabetic patients.
The actions of dichloroacetic acid on blood glucose, liver glycogen and fatty acid synthesis in obese-hyperglycaemic (ob/ob) and lean mice.
Reliability of symptom-blood glucose relationships among insulin-dependent adult diabetics.
Chemical renal medullectomy. Effect on urinary prostaglandin E2 and plasma renin in response to variations in sodium intake and in relation to blood pressure.
A study of the reliability of carcinoembryonic antigen blood levels in following the course of colorectal cancer.
Reliability of blood glucose monitoring by patients with diabetes mellitus.
Plasma hormones (arginine vasotocin, prolactin, aldosterone, and corticosterone) in relation to hydration state, NaCl intake, and egg laying in fowls.
Lipogenesis and lipoprotein lipase in human adipose tissue: reproducibility of measurements and relationships with fat cell size.
Analysis of reproducibility and sensitivity of atraumatic measurements of regional cerebral blood flow in cerebrovascular diseases.
Lake Michigan fish consumption as a source of polychlorinated biphenyls in human cord serum, maternal serum, and milk.
Gas-liquid chromatographic determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and a selected number of chlorinated hydrocarbons in serum.
Assessment of methods to determine PCB levels in blood serum: interlaboratory study.
Ocular manifestation of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) intoxication. Its relationship to PCB blood concentration.
Serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and some organochlorine insecticides in women with recent and former missed abortions.
Reliability of antiarrhythmic drug plasma concentration monitoring.
Variability of arterial blood gas values in stable patients in the ICU.
Evaluation of potential analytical approach for determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in serum: interlaboratory study.
Improvement of plasma quality as raw material for factor VIII:C concentrates. Storage of whole blood and plasma and interindividual plasma levels of fibrinopeptide A.
Arsenic metabolites in urine and feces of hamsters pretreated with PCB.
Heterogeneity of human peripheral blood eosinophils: variability in cell density and cytotoxic ability in relation to the level and the origin of hypereosinophilia.
Consumption of 'low-yield' cigarettes: its frequency and relationship to serum thiocyanate.
Comparison of reliability of tests to distinguish upper from lower urinary tract infection.
Chlorinated hydrocarbons in adipose tissue of infants and toddlers: inventory and studies on their association with intake of mothers' milk.
Variability in CO2, O2, and pH levels in blood culture bottles from five different manufacturers.
An inverse relationship between plasma carnitine and triglycerides in selected Macaca arctoides and Macaca nemistrina fed a low-fat chow diet.
Effects of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate on lipid composition of serum and testis in rats.
Personal exposure to volatile organic compounds. I. Direct measurements in breathing-zone air, drinking water, food, and exhaled breath.
Characterization of erythrocyte quality during the refrigerated storage of whole blood containing di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
Reproducibility and reliability of urinary incontinence assessment with a 60 min test.
Reproducibility of skin tests. A comparative study of the Pepys prick test and the Morrow-Brown needle and their correlation with the serum IgE level.
The relationship between the levels of DNA-hydrocarbon adducts and the formation of sister-chromatid exchanges in Chinese hamster ovary cells treated with derivatives of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
High-performance liquid chromatographic procedure for the determination of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in human blood specimens. Problems of variable-extraction yield and the use of standard addition for calibration.
Urinary malondialdehyde as an indicator of lipid peroxidation in the diet and in the tissues.
Urinary 3-methylhistidine derivative as indicator of nutrients intake in low-birth-weight infants.
Estimation of tris(2-butoxyethyl) phosphate in biological fluids: novel intersubject variability in recovery from human serum.
Urinary metabolites of orally administered di-(5-hexenyl) phthalate and di-(9-decenyl) phthalate in the rat.
Serum lipids and glucose as associated with hemoglobin levels and copper and zinc intake in young adults.
Mechanism of the variability in plasma cholesterol response to cholesterol feeding in rhesus monkeys.
Validation of a dietary questionnaire with plasma carotenoid and alpha-tocopherol levels.
Variability in different lots of commercial bovine serum albumin affects cell multiplication and hatching of rabbit blastocysts in culture.
Effect of intra-individual change in serum protein binding on the pharmacologic response of R- and S-disopyramide in the rabbit.
Reproducibility of standard preparation in digoxin radioimmunoassay in plasma and serum.
The association of blood pressure and dietary alcohol: differences by age, sex, and estrogen use.
Evidence for PAH extraction from superficial cortical efferent vessel plasma.
Characteristics of the association between salt intake and blood pressure in a sample of male working population in southern Italy.
Measurements of coronary plasma and pericardial infusate adenosine concentrations during exercise in conscious dog: relationship to myocardial oxygen consumption and coronary blood flow.
Variability in blood alcohol concentrations. Implications for estimating individual results.
Reproducibility of ejection fraction measurements by gated equilibrium blood pool scintigraphy.
Total mercury concentrations in human hair from 13 countries in relation to fish consumption and location.
Identification of 1-hydroxypyrene as a major metabolite of pyrene in pig urine.
Relationship between the fatty acid composition of the diet and that of the subcutaneous adipose tissue in individual human subjects.
Do the MN and Jk systems influence environmental variability in serum lipid levels?
Relationship of dietary crude protein to composition of uterine secretions and blood in high-producing postpartum dairy cows.
The effect of plasma glucose variability on neonatal outcome in the pregnant diabetic patient.
Testicular atrophy of rats induced by di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate: effects of vitamin A and zinc concentrations in the testis, liver and serum.
The relationship of dietary and serum vitamin A to the occurrence of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in sexually active women.
Blood pressure and intra-erythrocyte sodium during normal and high salt intake in middle-aged men: relationship to family history of hypertension, and neurogenic and hormonal variables.
Reliability of clinical monitoring to assess blood volume in critically ill patients.
The relationship between dietary intake of choline, choline serum levels, and cognitive function in healthy elderly persons.
Relationship between polyphenol intake and blood glucose response of normal and diabetic individuals.
Relationship of brain blood flow and oxygen consumption to perfusion flow rate during profoundly hypothermic cardiopulmonary bypass. An experimental study.
Variability of blood lead concentrations during infancy.
The activated partial thromboplastin time of diluted plasma: variability due to the method of fibrin detection.
The effects of familial relationships, age, body weight, and diet on blood pressure and the 24 hour urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, and creatinine in men, women, and children of randomly selected families.
Hypothesis: discrepancy between intra- and interpopulation studies of the relationship between dietary salt and blood pressure: fact or fiction?
Use of the fluorescence probe 1-anilino-8-naphthalenesulfonate in predicting interindividual differences in the plasma protein binding of acidic drugs in rats.
Regional variability of blood flow and glucose utilization within the subependymal germinal matrix.
Cigarette smoking, physical activity, and alcohol consumption: relationship to blood lipids and lipoproteins in premenopausal females.
Variability of plasma phenobarbitone concentration in Asian children in Singapore.
Effect of colostrum intake on metabolic rate and plasma glucose in the neonatal pig in relation to environmental temperature.
Blood pressure in blacks and whites and its relationship to dietary sodium and potassium intake.
Relation of alcohol and cigarette consumption to blood pressure and serum creatinine levels.
Variability of plasma lipids in response to emotional arousal.
Distribution of enzymes involved in metabolism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among rat liver endomembranes and plasma membranes.
Effect of dietary level of protein on liver microsomal drug-metabolizing enzymes, urinary ascorbic acid and lipid metabolism in rats fed PCB-containing diets.
Long-term variability in serum thyroglobulin and thyroid related hormones in healthy subjects.
Effect of dietary quality of protein on liver microsomal mixed function oxidase system, plasma cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
Occupational exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in electrical workers. I. Environmental and blood polychlorinated biphenyls concentrations.
Association of blood pressure and polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Effect of dietary level of ascorbic acid on the growth, hepatic lipid peroxidation, and serum lipids in guinea pigs fed polychlorinated biphenyls.
Dietary selenium and levels of L-ascorbic acid in the plasma, livers, and lungs of polychlorinated biphenyls-treated rats.
Radioimmunoassay of PCBs in milk and blood.
Effect of dietary level of sulfur-containing amino acids on liver drug-metabolizing enzymes, serum cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
Reliability of the plaque assay to determine the sensitivity of Neisseria gonorrhoeae to the bactericidal activity of normal human serum.
Comparative rates of elimination of some individual polychlorinated biphenyls from the blood of PCB-poisoned patients in Taiwan.
Local blood flow, oxygen tension, and oxygen consumption in the rat spinal cord. Part 2: Relation to segmental level.
Comparison of the effects of Hepatic-Aid and a Casein modular diet on encephalopathy, plasma amino acids, and nitrogen balance in cirrhotic patients.
Determination of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by analysis of human urine.
Serum fatty acids in 8-year-old Finnish boys: correlations with qualitative dietary data and other serum lipids.
Dietary cholesterol decreases the serum level of zinc: further evidence for the positive relationship between serum zinc and high-density lipoproteins.
Reproducibility of saliva and plasma theophylline levels following single dose administration of two sustained release preparations.
Prolonged variability in plasma protein binding of disopyramide after acute myocardial infarction.
The reliability of electrolyte measurements in plasma.
Evidence for an inhibitor of renal urate and PAH secretion in rabbit blood.
Effects of variation in the dietary supply of cysteine and methionine on liver concentration of glutathione and "active sulfate" (PAPS) and serum levels of sulfate, cystine, methionine and taurine: relation to the metabolism of acetaminophen.
Patterns of genetic variability in the serum proteins of the Kenyan vervet monkey (Cercopithecus aethiops).
Relationship between acid secretion and blood flow in the canine stomach: role of oxygen consumption.
Relation of blood pressure to reported intake of salt, saturated fats, and alcohol in healthy middle-aged population.
Prevention of leakage of Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate from blood bags by glow discharge treatment and its effect on aggregability of stored platelets.
Antepartum fetal heart rate variability and intervillous placental blood flow in association with smoking.
Variability in individual serum cholesterol response to change in diet.
Reductions in regional cerebral blood flow associated with chronic consumption of alcohol.
Serum D-xylose absorption tests: reproducibility and diagnostic usefulness in food-induced enterocolitis.
The reliability of laboratory data from blood samples collected through pulmonary artery catheters.
Plasma concentrations and urinary excretion of mouse epidermal growth factor associated with the inhibition of food consumption and of wool growth in Merino wethers.
Relation of diet to LDL cholesterol, VLDL cholesterol, and plasma total cholesterol and triglycerides in white adults. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
Variability in generation of anti-sheep erythrocyte plaque-forming cells from cultures of human peripheral blood. Influence of monocytes.
The variability of blood group antigens in gastric carcinoma as demonstrated by the immunoperoxidase technique.
Water and electrolyte composition of urine and ileal fluid and its relationship to renin and aldosterone during dietary sodium deprivation in patients with ileostomies.
Dietary lipids and serum cholesterol level: change in diet confounds the cross-sectional association.
Variability of antibody-specific induction and regulation of plaque-forming cells in cultures of normal human peripheral blood lymphocytes.
Relation of habitual diet to fasting plasma insulin concentration and the insulin response to oral glucose.
PAH transport in rock crab urinary bladder. II. Luminal and serosal steps.
A comparison of the effects of infection with Eimeria maxima and dietary restriction on weight gain, plasma metabolites and liver glycogen in the immature fowl, Gallus domesticus.
Reproducibility and quality assurance of two-dimensional gel electrophoresis of serum specimens.
PAH secretion in the urinary bladder of a crab Cancer borealis.
Dietary intake and serum total cholesterol level: their relationship to different lifestyles in several Japanese populations.
Variability of serum indomethacin concentrations after oral and intravenous administration to preterm infants.
Selenium in human hair in relation to age, diet, pathological condition and serum levels.
Relative error and variability in blood flow measurements with radiolabeled microspheres.
Phthalate esters I: Effects on cytochrome P-450 mediated metabolism in rat liver and lung, serum enzymatic activities and serum protein levels.
Chromatographic separation and quantitative determination of the metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate from urine of laboratory animals.
Variability in urinary mercury excretion.
Plasma lipoprotein concentration as an indicator of fatness in broilers: effect of age and diet.
Dietary cellulose, wheat bran, and fish meal in relation to hepatic lipids, serum lipids, and lipid excretion in laying hens.
Hepatic effects of a phthalate ester plasticizer leached from poly(vinyl chloride) blood bags following transfusion.
Selenium supplementation: plasma glutathione peroxidase an indicator of selenium intake.
Retest reliability of plasma cholesterol and triglyceride. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
Oxygen consumption of human seminal plasma: relationships with semen characteristics.
Intra-individual variation of serum cholesterol, triglycerides and high density lipoprotein cholesterol in normal humans.
Blood flow during pregnancy in the rat: II. Dynamics of and litter variability in uterine flow.
Intraindividual variations of 8-methoxypsoralen plasma levels.
Components of variability in serum theophylline concentrations during maintenance therapy with a sustained release formulation.
The pattern of urinary stone disease in Leeds and in the United Kingdom in relation to animal protein intake during the period 1960-1980.
The influence of tetrachloromethane on subcellular structures of rat hepatocyte lysosomal and cytoplasmic enzymes of the liver, lungs and blood serum of rats during continuous and intermittent action of tetrachloromethane.
Relationship of serum immunoreactive somatomedin-C to dietary protein and energy in growing rats.
Prediction of phenytoin dosage in relation to the variability of phenytoin plasma concentration.
Effect of heat on the conversion of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate to mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate in human plasma.
Blood pressure of Qash'qai pastoral nomads in Iran in relation to culture, diet, and body form.
Effect of analytical variability on measurements of population blood lead levels.
Contamination of commercial blood products by di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Correlation of local blood flow, glucose consumption and probability of necrosis following a middle cerebral artery occlusion in the cat.
Effects of intermittent dichloromethane inhalation on blood carboxyhemoglobin concentration and drug metabolizing enzymes in rat.
Boron content of plasma and urine as indicators of boron intake in cattle.
Influence of copper supplementation on the relationship between dietary methionine and free plasma methionine.
Variability of plasma hydralazine concentrations in male hypertensive patients.
Levels and interrelationships of serum and lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides. Association with adiposity and the consumption of ethanol, tobacco, and beverages containing caffeine.
Variability of total cholesterol concentrations in serum by repeated measurements in a large pediatric population--limitations of quality controls for laboratory analyses.
Differential timing of maximal postprandial concentrations of plasma chenodeoxycholate and cholate: its variability and implications.
Platelet functions in relation to diet and serum lipids in British farmers.
Variability of oxygen affinity of blood: human subjects native to high altitude.
Genetic variability of proteins from plasma membranes and cytosols of mouse organs.
A mathematical relationship between the fatty acid composition of the diet and that of the adipose tissue in man.
Measurement of renal clearance of inulin and PAH in the steady state without urine collection.
Automated differential leucocyte counters: an evaluation of the Hemalog D and A comparison with the Hematrak. I. Principles of operation; reproducibility and accuracy on normal blood samples.
PAH transport in rock crab (Cancer irroratus) urinary bladder.
Relationship of dietary selenium to selenium in plasma and milk from dairy cows.
Variability in heparin effect on serum drug binding.
The association of plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol with dietary intake and alcohol consumption. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
A comparison of the effects of dietary short and long chain saturated fatty acids on platelet functions, platelet phospholipids, and blood coagulation in rats.
Variability in unconjugated and total estriol in serum during normal third trimester pregnancy.
Variability of hydrostatic hepatic vein and ascitic fluid pressure, and of plasma and ascitic fluid colloid osmotic pressure in patients with liver cirrhosis.
The variability of human red blood cell magnesium level according to HLA groups.
Quantitative evaluation of plasma-opsonizing activity from the lag period of phagocytosis-connected oxygen consumption by leukocytes in whole blood.
Comparison of energy and nutrient intakes in women with high and low blood pressure levels.
The reliability of serum theophylline determinations from clinical laboratories.
Intraindividual variability of plasma cholesterol and triglycerides and the effect of propranolol treatment.
Reproducibility of serum haptoglobin profiles in mice with transplanted tumors.
Sex differences in the relationships between obesity, alcohol consumption and cigarette smoking and serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentrations in a normal population.
Chronopharmacokinetic variability in plasma morphine concentrations following oral doses of morphine solution.
Variability of ethanol absorption and breath concentrations during a large-scale alcohol administration study.
Methodological aspects, dose-response characteristics and causes of interindividual variation in insulin stimulation of limb blood flow in normal subjects.
In vitro and in vivo studies of the effect of the concentration of plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on the blood compatibility of plasticized poly(vinyl chloride) drain tubes.
Effect of a high alpha-linolenate and high linoleate diet on membrane-associated enzyme activities in rat brain--modulation of Na+, K+- ATPase activity at suboptimal concentrations of ATP.
Frequency of consumption of selected indicator foods and serum cholesterol. GISSI-EFRIM investigators. Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto--Epidemiologia dei Fattori di Rischio dell'Infarto Miocardico.
Immunologic effects of background prenatal and postnatal exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in Dutch infants.
Models to study the relation between oxygen consumption and oxygen delivery during an acute reduction in blood flow: comparison of balloon filling in the inferior vena cava, tamponade, and hemorrhage.
Biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in a highly polluted area of Poland.
Dietary intake, plasma levels of antioxidant vitamins, and oxidative stress in relation to coronary artery disease in elderly subjects.
Evaluation of daily dietary intake of dichloro-diphenyl-trichloroethane (DDT) and benzene hexachloride (BHC) in India.
Subchronic dietary exposure to Aroclor 1254 in rats: accumulation of PCBs in liver, blood, and adipose tissue and its relationship to induction of various hepatic drug-metabolizing enzymes.
Use of terazosin in prostatodynia and validation of a symptom score questionnaire.
Assessment of occupational exposure to diesel exhaust. The use of an immunoassay for the determination of urinary metabolites of nitroarenes and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The reliability of urinary 5-HIAA levels.
Measurement of frequencies of HPRT mutants, chromosomal aberrations, micronuclei, sister-chromatid exchanges and cells with high frequencies of SCEs in styrene/dichloromethane-exposed workers.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in oral mucosa cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
Assay variability in serum prostate-specific antigen determination.
Interindividual variability in the urinary excretion of inorganic arsenic metabolites by C57 BL/6J mice: possible involvement of a thiol/disulfide exchange mechanism.
The impact of glutathione s-transferase M1 and cytochrome P450 1A1 genotypes on white-blood-cell polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in humans.
Biochemical validation of a self-administered semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire.
Daily variability in resting levels of cardiovascular variables in normal subjects and those with homozygous sickle cell disease.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of vegetable intake: the University of Minnesota Cancer Prevention Research Unit Feeding Studies.
Association of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (estimated from job category) with concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in urine from workers at a steel plant.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coal liquefaction workers: impact of a workwear policy on excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Synthesis and characterization of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) identified in human serum.
Comparison of the effects on the diurnal blood pressure, glucose, and lipid levels of a diet rich in monounsaturated fatty acids with a diet rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids in type 2 diabetic subjects.
The reliability and repeatability of the blood glucose response to prolonged exercise in adolescent boys with IDDM.
Dermal absorption of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the blood-perfused pig ear.
Variability in adaptive response to low dose radiation in human blood lymphocytes: consistent results from chromosome aberrations and micronuclei.
Biomarkers of habitual fish intake in adipose tissue.
The relationship between calcium, phosphorus, and sodium intake, race, and blood pressure in children with renal insufficiency: a report of the Growth Failure in Children with Renal Diseases (GFRD) Study.
Liquid-gel partitioning using Lipidex in the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls, naphthalenes, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood plasma.
PCDD/PCDF levels in the blood of workers at a pulp and paper mill.
Possible mechanisms for PhIP-DNA adduct formation in the mammary gland of female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Toxicity of PCB 77 (3,3',4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl) and PCB 118 (2,3',4,4'5-pentachlorobiphenyl) in the rat following subchronic dietary exposure.
Dietary sources and background levels of hippuric acid in urine: comparison of Philippine and Japanese levels.
The associations between alcohol drinking and dietary habits and blood pressure in Japanese men.
Superior mesenteric artery and renal artery blood flow velocity measurements in neonates: technique and interobserver reliability.
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins and its effect on neonatal neurological development.
The repeatability of faecal egg counts, peripheral eosinophil counts, and plasma pepsinogen concentrations during deliberate infections with Ostertagia circumcincta.
Concentrations and plasma-tissue-diet relationships of carotenoids, retinoids, and tocopherols in humans.
Relations between nutrient intake and serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels.
In vitro conjugation of benzene metabolites by human liver: potential influence of interindividual variability on benzene toxicity.
Association between serum lipids and apolipoprotein E phenotype is influenced by diet in a population-based sample of free-living children and young adults: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of dietary fiber: relation to intestinal fermentation and bile acid excretion.
Ambient, biological, and biological effect monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
High consumption of fatty fish from the Baltic Sea is associated with changes in human lymphocyte subset levels.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: chemistry of DNA adduct formation.
Effects of gestational and lactational exposure to coplanar polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners or 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on thyroid hormone concentrations in weanling rats.
Evaluation of the effect of alcohol consumption on erythrocyte lipids and vitamins in a healthy population.
Prognostic markers for diet-induced weight loss in obese women.
Dietary and plasma branched-chain amino acids in relation to tryptophan: effect on voluntary feed intake and lactation metabolism in the primiparous sow.
Failure to thrive and its relationship to serum vitamin A levels and diet.
Reproducibility of Doppler measurements of blood flow velocity in the uterine and ovarian arteries in premenopausal women.
Analysis of trichloroacetic acid in the urine of workers occupationally exposed to trichloroethylene by capillary gas chromatography.
Low cholesterol concentrations in free-living elderly subjects: relations with dietary intake and nutritional status.
Plasma fatty acid composition as an indicator of habitual dietary fat intake in middle-aged adults. The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study Investigators.
Short- and long-term repeatability of fatty acid composition of human plasma phospholipids and cholesterol esters. The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study Investigators.
Relation between beta-carotene intake and plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of carotenoids and retinoids.
Comparison between fat intake assessed by a 3-day food record and phospholipid fatty acid composition of red blood cells: results from the Monitoring of Cardiovascular Disease-Lille Study.
Factor VII coagulant activity in relation to serum lipoproteins and dietary fat in middle-aged men.
Increased risk of mammary carcinoma development following transplacental and trans-breast milk exposure to a food-derived carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), in Sprague-Dawley rats.
The relationship between dietary factors and serum lipids in Chinese urban and rural populations of Beijing and Guangzhou. PRC-USA Cardiovascular and Cardiopulmonary Research Group.
Variability of plasma apolipoprotein (apo) A-II levels associated with an apo A-II gene polymorphism in monozygotic twin pairs.
Biological markers in PAH exposed workers and controls.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in environment.
The reproducibility of the plasma response to a physiological dose of zinc in healthy subjects. Implications for study design.
Repeatability and validity of a field kit for estimation of cholinesterase in whole blood.
Induction of dietary iron deficiency in rhesus monkeys: sequential changes in serum ferritin and other biochemical indicators of iron status.
Variability of blood glucose levels in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus on intensified insulin regimens.
Occupational PAH exposure: urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels of coke oven workers, aluminium smelter pot-room workers, road pavers, and occupationally non-exposed persons in Sweden.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene in volunteers exposed to pyrene by the oral and dermal route.
Patterns of 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in volunteers exposed to pyrene by the dermal route.
Background urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in non-occupationally exposed individuals in the Province of Qubec, Canada, and comparison with its excretion in workers exposed to PAH mixtures.
Estimation of reference values for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and alpha-naphthol in Danish workers.
Possibility of postprandial electrogastrography for evaluating vagal/nonvagal cholinergic activity in humans, through simultaneous analysis of postprandial heart rate variability and serum immunoreactive hormone levels.
Trihalomethane concentrations in swimmers' and bath attendants' blood and urine after swimming or working in indoor swimming pools.
Molecular dosimetry of DNA damage induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; relevance for exposure monitoring and risk assessment.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene: a biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in coal liquefaction workers.
Epidemiologic study of diet and coronary risk factors in relation to central obesity and insulin levels in rural and urban populations of north India.
Correlation of cervical cancer mortality with reproductive and dietary factors, and serum markers in China.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and the risk of bladder cancer: a French case-control study.
Potential of concentration monitoring data for a short half-life drug: analysis of pharmacokinetic variability for moclobemide.
Evaluation of CK and CK-MB in alcohol abuse subjects with recent heavy consumption.
Casual blood pressure in a general Danish population. Relation to age, sex, weight, height, diabetes, serum lipids and consumption of coffee, tobacco and alcohol.
Determinants of blood glucose variability in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Significance of dermal and respiratory uptake in creosote workers: exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Accuracy and reproducibility of the measurement of actively circulating blood volume with an integrated fiberoptic monitoring system.
Relationship of alcohol intake with blood pressure in young adults.
Short-term changes in histomorphometric and biochemical turnover markers and bone mineral density in estrogen-and/or dietary calcium-deficient rats.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure damage using different methods in laboratory animals.
Studies of biomarkers in aluminum workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in biotic matrices using gas chromatography--microwave-induced plasma atomic emission spectrometry.
Associations between blood pressure and dietary intake and urinary excretion of electrolytes in a Chinese population.
Erythrocyte levels compared with reported dietary intake of marine n-3 fatty acids in pregnant women.
Long-chain polyene status of preterm infants with regard to the fatty acid composition of their diet: comparison between absolute and relative fatty acid levels in plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids.
Relationship of serum cholesterol, dietary and plasma beta-carotene with lung cancer in male smokers.
DNA adducts and personal air monitoring of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in an environmentally exposed population.
Interindividual differences in the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide in urine and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells after charbroiled beef consumption.
Half-life of polybrominated biphenyl in human sera.
Independent associations among maternal alcohol consumption and infant thyroxine levels and pregnancy outcome.
Variability in choriocapillaris blood flow distribution.
Congener specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in serum using GC/MSD.
Comparison of the effects of a range of dietary lipids upon serum and tissue lipid composition in the rat.
von Willebrand factor, a possible indicator of endothelial cell damage, decreases during long-term compliance with a lipid-lowering diet.
Associations of serum and dietary magnesium with cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, insulin, and carotid arterial wall thickness: the ARIC study. Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Changes in plasma lipoprotein concentrations and composition in response to a low-fat, high-fiber diet are associated with changes in serum estrogen concentrations in premenopausal women.
Tumor markers in serum, polyamines and modified nucleosides in urine, and cytogenetic aberrations in lymphocytes of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in coal liquefaction workers: the value of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in the development of occupational hygiene control strategies.
Association of moderate alcohol consumption and plasma concentration of endogenous tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Validation of weighed records and other methods of dietary assessment using the 24 h urine nitrogen technique and other biological markers.
The proportion of trans monounsaturated fatty acids in serum triacylglycerols or platelet phospholipids as an objective indicator of their short-term intake in healthy men.
Iron and zinc nutriture of premenopausal women: associations of diet with serum ferritin and plasma zinc disappearance and of serum ferritin with plasma zinc and plasma zinc disappearance.
Reliability of the simple 20 minute whole blood clotting test (WBCT20) as an indicator of low plasma fibrinogen concentration in patients envenomed by Bothrops snakes. Butantan Institute Antivenom Study Group.
The relation of alcohol consumption to serum carotenoid and retinol levels. Effects of withdrawal.
Vitamin status of a healthy French population: dietary intakes and biochemical markers.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the sera of mothers and children from Michigan farms with PCB-contaminated silos.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane (p,p'-DDT) and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)-ethylene (p,p'-DDE) in human plasma related to fish consumption.
The reliability of the mean normal prothrombin time of fresh plasmas and of the normal value from a lyophilized 'normal' plasma in prothrombin ratio determination.
Viral variability and serum antibody response in a laboratory worker infected with HIV type 1 (HTLV type IIIB).
Validation of the food frequency questionnaire with the 4-day record method and analysis of 24-h urinary nitrogen.
Differences exist in the relationships between dietary linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids and their respective long-chain metabolites.
Differences in the association between alcohol consumption and blood pressure by age, gender, and smoking.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and other markers of high alcohol consumption: a study of 502 patients admitted consecutively to a medical department.
PCB metabolism, persistence, and health effects after occupational exposure: implications for risk assessment.
Levels of PCBs and some organochlorine pesticides in the human population of selected areas of the Slovak Republic. I. Blood.
Dioxin and PCB levels in blood and human milk in relation to living areas in The Netherlands.
Acute effect of low-calorie and low-carbohydrate diet on serum triiodothyronine-response to glucose ingestion and its relation to glucose tolerance.
Glutathione disulfide variability in normal human blood.
Year-to-year variability of cholesterol levels in a pediatric practice.
Coupled-column high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of four metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-, 4- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene and 1-hydroxypyrene, in urine.
Adenomas induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in strain A/J mouse lung correlate with time-integrated DNA adduct levels.
Relative effects on serum lipids and apolipoproteins of a caprenin-rich diet compared with diets rich in palm oil/palm-kernel oil or butter.
Fetal, neonatal, and long-term alterations in hepatic retinoid levels following maternal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure in rats.
Biomarkers for assessing environmental exposure to carcinogens in the diet.
Long-term fat intake and biomarkers.
Relations between antioxidant vitamins in adipose tissue, plasma, and diet.
Rapid metabolic phenotypes for acetyltransferase and cytochrome P4501A2 and putative exposure to food-borne heterocyclic amines increase the risk for colorectal cancer or polyps.
Interlaboratory/intermethod differences in functional sensitivity of immunometric assays of thyrotropin (TSH) and impact on reliability of measurement of subnormal concentrations of TSH.
Relationship of alcohol consumption and smoking to plasma cortisol and blood pressure.
Effects of an American Heart Association step I diet and weight loss on lipoprotein lipid levels in obese men with silent myocardial ischemia and reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA and protein adducts in coal tar treated patients and controls and their relationship to glutathione S-transferase genotype.
Variability of serum thyroglobulin levels is determined by a major gene.
DNA adducts and carcinogenicity of nitro-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Species differences in metabolism of heterocyclic aromatic amines, human exposure, and biomonitoring.
Correlation between plasma fibrinogen and serum lipids in rats with hyperlipidemia induced by cholesterol free-high fructose or high cholesterol diet.
The contribution of electrophilic and radicalic intermediates to phospholipid adducts formed by halomethanes in vivo.
Milk-alkali syndrome associated with calcium carbonate consumption. Report of 7 patients with parathyroid hormone levels and an estimate of prevalence among patients hospitalized with hypercalcemia.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cell DNA and 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine from aluminum workers: relation with job category and synergistic effect of smoking.
Application of negative-ion chemical ionization isotope dilution gas chromatography--mass spectrometry to single-dose bioavailability studies of mefloquine.
Determinants of benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide adducts to albumin in workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Elevated cytosolic free calcium concentrations in platelets of hypertensive drinkers: a weak association with alcohol consumption.
Variability gene effects of DNA polymorphisms at the apo B, apo A I/C III and apo E loci on serum lipids: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Isotopes as host blood markers to measure blood intake by feeding ticks (Acari: Ixodidae).
Evaluation of a mathematical model for predicting the relationship between protein and energy intakes of low-birth-weight infants and the rate and composition of weight gain.
Exposure of iron foundry workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adducts and 1-hydroxypyrene as biomarkers for exposure.
The reliability of self-report of behaviours associated with recurrent urinary tract infection.
Blood serum levels of PCDFs and PCBs in Yu-Cheng children peri-natally exposed to a toxic rice oil.
Class-specific immunoadsorption purification for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts.
Formation of aromatic DNA adducts in white blood cells in relation to urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene during consumption of grilled meat.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in smokers and their relationship to micronutrient levels and the glutathione-S-transferase M1 genotype.
In vitro formation and degradation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) protein adducts.
Removal of DNA adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in the male Fischer-344 rat.
Serum insulin-like growth factor I in a random population sample of men and women: relation to age, sex, smoking habits, coffee consumption and physical activity, blood pressure and concentrations of plasma lipids, fibrinogen, parathyroid hormone and osteocalcin.
Biological significance of trace levels of mutagenic heterocyclic aromatic amines in human diet: a critical review.
Coffee consumption: relationship to blood lipids in middle-aged women.
The relation of smoking, age, relative weight, and dietary intake to serum adrenal steroids, sex hormones, and sex hormone-binding globulin in middle-aged men.
Mammary and renal excretion of purine metabolites in relation to energy intake and milk yield in dairy cows.
Potentiation of oxidative damage to rat red blood cells by the concurrent presence of t-butyl hydroperoxide and bromotrichloromethane.
Trace analysis of 3-hydroxy benzo[a]pyrene in urine for the biomonitoring of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Abnormally high polychlorinated biphenyl levels in striped dolphins (Stenella coeruleoalba) affected by the 1990-1992 Mediterranean epizootic.
Biomarkers of dietary fat composition in young adults with a parental history of premature coronary heart disease compared with controls. The EARS Study.
Intraindividual variability of fibrinogen levels and cardiovascular risk profile.
Biphasic modulation of protein kinase C (PKC) activity by polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) in serum-deprived rat aortic smooth muscle cells.
Changes in plasma phospholipid fatty acids and their relationship to disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with a vegetarian diet.
Improved procedure for the high-performance liquid chromatographic determination of monohydroxylated PAH metabolites in urine.
Comparison of DNA adduct levels in human placenta from polychlorinated biphenyl exposed women and smokers in which CYP 1A1 levels are similarly elevated.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intake.
Carcinogen-DNA adducts and gene mutation in foundry workers with low-level exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Weighted serum pools in comparison to the trapezoidal rule for estimating AUCs for ethinyl estradiol. The relationship of the variance of the determination to the interindividual variance.
Effects of increasing dietary palmitoleic acid compared with palmitic and oleic acids on plasma lipids of hypercholesterolemic men.
Reproducibility of instruments designed to measure subjective evaluation of female stress urinary incontinence.
Exposure to mixtures and congeners of polychlorinated biphenyls.
Sources of variability of human plasma apolipoprotein A-IV levels and relationships with lipid metabolism.
Concentrations of folates in ruminal content of steers: responses to a dietary supplement of folic acid in relation with the nature of the diet.
Energy intake and physical activity in relation to indexes of body fat: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
Reliability of single urine and serum samples for estimation of 24-hour urinary uric acid excretion in six healthy beagles.
A pilot study on the use of plasma carotenoids and ascorbic acid as markers of compliance to a high fruit and vegetable dietary intervention.
Variability of arterial blood gas values over time in stable medical ICU patients.
Relationship between dietary intake and plasma concentrations of carotenoids in premenopausal women: application of the USDA-NCI carotenoid food-composition database.
Effect of alcohol consumption on blood antioxidant nutrients and oxidative stress indicators.
A simplified grading method of transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder: reproducibility, clinical significance and comparison with other prognostic parameters.
Forehead and forearm skin blood flows in newborn infants measured by laser Doppler flowmetry: short-term variability and relationship to sleep states.
Humoral immunosuppression in men exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and related carcinogens in polluted environments.
Biological monitoring of cadmium exposure: reliability of spot urine samples.
Correlation between work process-related exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary levels of alpha-naphthol, beta-naphthylamine and 1-hydroxypyrene in iron foundry workers.
Indications for operative termination of labor on cardiotocography and fetal blood analysis: the reliability of these methods.
Heart rate variability and circulating catecholamine concentrations during steady state exercise in healthy volunteers.
Effects of meal intake on the flow velocity in the superior mesenteric artery: evaluation with 2D phase mapping MRI.
Reduction of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons due to improved hygienic skin protective measures.
Quantitation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-hydroxypyrene, and mutagenicity in urine of coal tar-treated psoriasis patients and untreated volunteers.
Impact of dietary folic acid on reduced folates in mouse plasma and tissues. Relationship to dideazatetrahydrofolate sensitivity.
Metabolic activation pathway for the formation of DNA adducts of the carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in rat extrahepatic tissues.
Effect of glutathione depletion and inhibition of glucuronidation and sulfation on 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) metabolism, PhIP-DNA adduct formation and unscheduled DNA synthesis in primary rat hepatocytes.
Relationship between unbound plasma concentrations and various psychomotor and subjective effects after intakes of diazepam and flunitrazepam.
Diet, indicators of kidney disease, and later mortality among older persons in the NHANES I Epidemiologic Follow-Up Study.
Variability of response to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside in cultured vascular smooth muscle cells from three blood vessels.
Diet, serum markers and breast cancer mortality in China.
The repeatability of the noninvasive blue field entoptic phenomenon method for measuring macular capillary blood flow.
Transfer of the food mutagen PhIP to foetuses and newborn mice following maternal exposure.
Effect of dietary vitamin E and selenium deficiency on chicken splenocyte proliferation and cell surface marker expression.
The accuracy and reproducibility of measuring blood flow in murine tumours by the D2O uptake and clearance techniques.
Intracellular ionic consequences of dietary salt loading in essential hypertension. Relation to blood pressure and effects of calcium channel blockade.
Effect of methanol or modifications of the hepatic glutathione concentration on the metabolism of dichloromethane to carbon monoxide in rats.
Longitudinal study of excretion of metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine from two psoriatic patients.
Comparison of dietary casein and soybean protein effects on plasma lipid and gastrin levels, hepatic delta 6-desaturase activity and coronary arteriosclerosis in male Sprague-Dawley rats. A 9-month study.
Variability of serum human growth hormone levels in different commercial assays: specificity of growth hormone-releasing hormone stimulation.
Complex heart rate variability and serum norepinephrine levels in patients with advanced heart failure.
Effects on blood pressure, glucose, and lipid levels of a high-monounsaturated fat diet compared with a high-carbohydrate diet in NIDDM subjects.
Reliability of measurements of total, protein-bound, and unbound estradiol in serum.
Laboratory reproducibility of endogenous hormone levels in postmenopausal women.
Identification of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide as a major pyrene metabolite in human urine by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Variability of laboratory coat resistance to blood strikethrough.
Variability of opiates concentrations in human hair according to their anatomical origin: head, axillary and pubic regions.
Relationship between striatal glucose consumption and copper excretion in patients with Wilson's disease treated with D-penicillamine.
Qualitative and quantitative histopathology in transitional cell carcinomas of the urinary bladder. An international investigation of intra- and interobserver reproducibility.
Association between blood polychlorinated biphenyl concentration and serum triglyceride level in chronic "Yusho" (polychlorinated biphenyl poisoning) patients.
Low-fat, high-fiber diet favorably affects several independent risk markers of ischemic heart disease: observations on blood lipids, coagulation, and fibrinolysis from a trial of middle-aged Danes.
Adduction of the heterocyclic amine food mutagens IQ and PhIP to mitochondrial and nuclear DNA in the liver of Fischer-344 rats.
Variability of cardiovascular and plasma noradrenaline responses to sustained isometric contraction in normal human subjects.
Serum lipid changes associated with modified protein diets: results from the feasibility phase of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study.
Platelet selenium as indicator of wheat selenium intake.
Regulation of plasma oestrogen by dietary fats in the laying hen: relationships with egg weight.
Ethnicity and the relationship of sodium intake to blood pressure.
Determinants of urinary thioethers, D-glucaric acid and mutagenicity after exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons assessed by air monitoring and measurement of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine: a cross-sectional study in workers of coke and graphite-electrode-producing plants.
Effects of intravenous temazepam. II. A study of the long-term reproducibility of pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and concentration-effect parameters.
Higher levels of microproteinuria in Asian compared with European patients with diabetes mellitus and their relationship to dietary protein intake and diabetic complications.
Dietary glutathione intake in humans and the relationship between intake and plasma total glutathione level.
The relationships of abdominal obesity, hyperinsulinemia and saturated fat intake to serum lipid levels: the Normative Aging Study.
Polychlorinated biphenyl levels in the tissues of exposed and nonexposed humans.
PCDD and PCDF exposure and levels in humans in Germany.
Relation of habitual diet and cardiorespiratory fitness to blood coagulation and fibrinolytic factors.
The reliability of Hickman catheter blood for the assessment of activation markers of coagulation and fibrinolysis in patients with hematological malignancies.
Effects of clofibrate, phthalates and probucol on ubiquinone levels.
Biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon in an electrode paste plant.
Long-term effects of Aroclor 1254 (PCBs) on plasma lipid and carnitine concentrations in rhesus monkey.
Mutation and repair induced by the carcinogen 2-(hydroxyamino)-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (N-OH-PhIP) in the dihydrofolate reductase gene of Chinese hamster ovary cells and conformational modeling of the dG-C8-PhIP adduct in DNA.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in petrochemical industries by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
The reliability of a solid-phase extraction system for the analysis of benzoylecgonine in urine.
Biological monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of people.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyl levels in the serum of residents and in the homogenates of seafood from the New Bedford, Massachusetts, area: a comparison of exposure sources through pattern recognition techniques.
Structural characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol epoxide DNA adducts using matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization Fourier transform mass spectrometry.
Estimation of blood-glucose variability in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Reliability of serum prolactin measurements in women.
Toenail trace element levels as biomarkers: reproducibility over a 6-year period.
Alcohol consumption and insulin concentrations. Role of insulin in associations of alcohol intake with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides.
Variability of serum concentrations of trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole during high dose therapy.
Reliability of sampling urine from disposable diapers in elderly incontinent women.
Variability in the urinary excretion of growth hormone in children: a comparison with other urinary proteins.
Reliability of echocardiographic measurements of myocardial perfusion using commercially produced sonicated serum albumin (Albunex).
Modeling plasma lipoprotein-bile lipid relationships: differential impact of psyllium and cholestyramine in hamsters fed a lithogenic diet.
A chronic high-salt diet fails to enhance blood pressure reactivity to a tone associated with footshock in SHR, BHR, and WKY rats.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans and the human immune system. 1. Blood cell receptors in volunteers with moderately increased body burdens.
Variability of blood lead levels in an urban population in relation to drinking and smoking habits.
Evaluation of protein intake by dietary diaries and urea-N excretion in children with chronic renal failure. European Study Group for Nutritional Treatment of Chronic Renal Failure in Childhood.
Within-subject variation of elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and lactoferrin in plasma.
Increase in serum selenium levels in Finnish children and young adults during 1980-1986: a correlation between the serum levels and the estimated intake.
Bubble hair. Case caused by an overheating hair dryer and reproducibility in normal hair with heat.
Musculoskeletal changes in children prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and related compounds (Yu-Cheng children).
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in highly exposed coke plant workers by measurement of urinary phenanthrene and pyrene metabolites (phenols and dihydrodiols).
Prune fiber or pectin compared with cellulose lowers plasma and liver lipids in rats with diet-induced hyperlipidemia.
Individual variability in Tyr-Gly-Gly formation from enkephalin hydrolysis in mouse plasma.
Serum malondialdehyde and mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase activity as markers of chronic alcohol intake and alcoholic liver disease.
Validation of a short dietary questionnaire and a qualitative fat index for the assessment of fat intake.
Plasma growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor, insulin, and thyroid hormone association with body protein and fat accretion in steers undergoing compensatory gain after dietary energy restriction.
Parathyroid hypertensive factor-like activity in human essential hypertension: relationship to plasma renin activity and dietary salt sensitivity.
Size of the zinc pools that exchange rapidly with plasma zinc in humans: alternative techniques for measuring and relation to dietary zinc intake.
Calculated versus measured oxygen consumption during aortic surgery: reliability of the Fick method.
Metabolites of the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in urine samples of workers in polyvinylchloride processing industries.
Low-level biological dosimetry of heterocyclic amine carcinogens isolated from cooked food.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human lung.
Association of PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells with dietary exposure to polyaromatic hydrocarbons.
DNA adducts as a measure of lung cancer risk in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
DNA adducts as biomarkers for assessing exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in tissues from Xuan Wei women with high exposure to coal combustion emissions and high lung cancer mortality.
Relationship of physical activity, body fat, diet, and blood lipid profile in youths 10-15 yr.
The relationship between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in air and in urine of workers in a Sderberg potroom.
Adducts to macromolecules in the biological monitoring of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Observer agreement and variability in measuring gastric mucosal blood flow by laser Doppler flowmetry in humans.
Variability of the calcium ion activity with pH in stone-forming and non-stone-forming urine.
Exposure of newborn infants to di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate and 2-ethylhexanoic acid following exchange transfusion with polyvinylchloride catheters.
Repeatability of transcranial Doppler measurements of arterial blood flow velocities in healthy subjects.
Low platelet glutathione peroxidase activity and serum selenium concentration in patients with chronic renal failure: relations to dialysis treatments, diet and cardiovascular complications.
Relationship of dietary saturated fatty acids and body habitus to serum insulin concentrations: the Normative Aging Study.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human lung and cancer susceptibility genes.
Laser Doppler flowmetry for estimation of bone blood flow: studies of reproducibility and correlation with microsphere technique.
Relation of caffeine intake to blood lipids in elderly women.
The accuracy of parental reports of their children's intake of fruits and vegetables: validation of a food frequency questionnaire with serum levels of carotenoids and vitamins C, A, and E.
Contribution of occupation and diet to white blood cell polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in wildland firefighters.
Increased sensitivity for determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human DNA samples by dissociation-enhanced lanthanide fluoroimmunoassay (DELFIA).
Antibodies to carcinogen-DNA adducts in mice chronically exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The reliability of midstream urine culture from circumcised male infants.
Effect of the reduction of skin contamination on the internal dose of creosote workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relationship of protein intake to urinary oxalate and glycolate excretion.
Citric acid concentration compared to serum parathyroid hormone, 1,25(OH)2D3 and calcitonin during dietary Ca deficiency and rehabilitation enhanced with xylitol in rats.
Expression of mammalian glutathione S-transferase 5-5 in Salmonella typhimurium TA1535 leads to base-pair mutations upon exposure to dihalomethanes.
Relative and biomarker-based validity of a food-frequency questionnaire estimating intake of fats and cholesterol.
Simple relationships exist between dietary linoleate and the n-6 fatty acids of human neutrophils and plasma.
Relationship between hunger and plasma cholecystokinin during weight reduction with a very low calorie diet.
Adipose tissue fatty acids and dietary fat sources in relation to endometrial cancer: a retrospective study of cases in remission, and population-based controls.
Genetic variation associated with differences in the response of plasma apolipoprotein B levels to dietary fibre.
Correlation between PAH airborne concentration and PAH-DNA adducts levels in coke-oven workers.
The rat urinary bladder as a new target of heterocyclic amine carcinogenicity: tumor induction by 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole acetate.
Serum IgA antiendomysium antibody titers as a marker of intestinal involvement and diet compliance in adult celiac sprue.
Serum insulin distributions and reproducibility of the relationship between 2-hour insulin and plasma glucose levels in Asian Indian, Creole, and Chinese Mauritians. Mauritius NCD Study Group.
Correlations of colon cancer mortality with dietary factors, serum markers, and schistosomiasis in China.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in foundry workers.
Tissue distribution, excretion, and urinary metabolites of dichloroacetic acid in the male Fischer 344 rat.
Comparison of micronutrient intake measured by a dietary questionnaire and biochemical indicators of micronutrient status.
Reproducibility of the cortisol response to stimulation with a low dose of ACTH(1-24): the effect of basal cortisol levels and comparison of low-dose with high-dose secretory dynamics.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography.
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and human disease.
Associations of serum lipids with metabolic control and diet in young subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Finland.
Relationship between dietary protein intake and serum urea, uric acid and creatinine, and 24-hour urinary creatinine excretion: the BIRNH Study.
Breast milk chromium and its association with chromium intake, chromium excretion, and serum chromium.
Apolipoprotein E polymorphism is associated with plasma cholesterol response in a 7-day hospitalization study for metabolic and dietary control in NIDDM.
Plasma lipid physical properties in swine fed margarine or butter in relation to dietary magnesium intake.
Factors associated with respiration induced variability in cerebral blood flow velocity.
Omega-3 fatty acids: essential fatty acids with important biological effects, and serum phospholipid fatty acids as markers of dietary omega 3-fatty acid intake.
Environmental exposure and lifestyle predictors of lead, cadmium, PCB, and DDT levels in Great Lakes fish eaters.
Reliability of regional cerebral blood flow activation to cognitive tasks in elderly normal subjects.
Adipose tissue fatty acids as biomarkers of dietary exposure in Danish men and women.
Toenail selenium as an indicator of selenium intake among middle-aged men in an area with low soil selenium.
Relationship of fluid intake to voluntary micturition and urinary incontinence in geriatric patients.
Evaluation of gender differences in urine specific gravity and serum electrolytes in response to varied fluid intake and ibuprofen use.
Serum carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in patients with chronic liver diseases.
The influence of age on blood alcohol levels and ethanol-associated immunosuppression in a murine model of ethanol consumption.
Polymorphism of glutathione conjugation of methyl bromide, ethylene oxide and dichloromethane in human blood: influence on the induction of sister chromatid exchanges (SCE) in lymphocytes.
Variability of coronary blood flow reserve assessed by Doppler catheter after successful thrombolysis in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
HPRT and glycophorin A mutations in foundry workers: relationship to PAH exposure and to PAH-DNA adducts.
Biological variability in concentrations of serum lipids: sources of variation among results from published studies and composite predicted values.
Egg viability in urinary schistosomiasis. III. Repeatability and reproducibility of new methods.
Elimination of polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) from human blood in the Yusho and Yu-Cheng rice oil poisonings.
Effects of perinatal exposure to specific PCB congeners on thyroid hormone concentrations and thyroid histology in the rat.
Stability of red cell antigens and plasma coagulation factors stored in a non-diethylhexyl phthalate-plasticized container.
The relationship between coffee consumption and serum cholesterol under consideration of smoking history.
Fatty acid composition of serum lipid fractions in relation to gender and quality of dietary fat.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in placenta, maternal blood, umbilical cord blood and milk of Indian women.
Reproducibility of computed tomography measurement of visceral adipose tissue area.
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins through dietary intake.
Evaluation of biomarkers in plasma, blood, and urine samples from coke oven workers: significance of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relations between copper, zinc and selenium intakes and malondialdehyde excretion after major burns.
An attempt to explain interindividual variability in 24-h urinary excretion of inorganic arsenic metabolites by C57 BL/6J mice.
Intraindividual and interindividual differences in metabolites of the tobacco-specific lung carcinogen 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK) in smokers' urine.
Reproducibility of plasma hormone levels in postmenopausal women over a 2-3-year period.
Variability of continuously measured arterial pH and blood gas values in the near term fetal lamb.
Variability of repeated serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements within less than 90 days in a well-defined patient population.
Family history of alcoholism and the mediation of alcohol intake by catalase: further evidence for catalase as a marker of the propensity to ingest alcohol.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol abuse: relationship to alcohol consumption, severity of liver disease, and fibrogenesis.
Serum lipids and apolipoproteins from 1 to 15 years: changes with age and puberty, and relationships with diet, parental cholesterol and family history of ischaemic heart disease.
Occupational exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in a magnesium production plant.
Validation in rats of two biomarkers of exposure to the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP): PhIP-DNA adducts and urinary PhIP.
DNA adduct formation, cell proliferation and aberrant crypt focus formation induced by PhIP in male and female rat colon with relevance to carcinogenesis.
High dietary chloride content associated with loss of therapeutic serum bromide concentrations in an epileptic dog.
Variability in the immunoreactive and bioactive follicle stimulating hormone content of human urinary menopausal gonadotrophin preparations.
Low-fat diets do not lower plasma cholesterol levels in healthy men compared to high-fat diets with similar fatty acid composition at constant caloric intake.
Reliability of blood alcohol determinations at clinical chemistry laboratories in Sweden.
Mechanistic linkage between DNA adducts, mutations in oncogenes and tumorigenesis of carcinogenic environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in strain A/J mice.
DNA adducts in urothelial cells: relationship with biomarkers of exposure to arylamines and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from tobacco smoke.
Endomysial antibodies as unreliable markers for slight dietary transgressions in adolescents with celiac disease.
Variability of day 3 follicle-stimulating hormone levels in eumenorrheic women.
Colonic fermentation of complex dietary carbohydrates in short-bowel patients. No association with hydrogen excretion and fecal and plasma short-chain fatty acids.
The role of DDE and polychlorinated biphenyl levels in preterm birth.
Seasonal changes and annual variability in daily plasma melatonin in the red-sided garter snake (Thamnophis sirtalis parietalis).
Icterus in bob veal calves and its association with lack of colostrum intake and high serum creatine kinase activity.
Serum fatty acid composition in normal Japanese and its relationship with dietary fish and vegetable oil contents and blood lipid levels.
Variability in serum pepsinogen levels in an asymptomatic population.
Selective retention of hydroxylated PCB metabolites in blood.
Elimination of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in occupationally exposed persons.
Effects of a diet low in copper on copper-status indicators in postmenopausal women.
A rapid and simple method for the analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide: a potential biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Protection by chlorophyllin and indole-3-carbinol against 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-induced DNA adducts and colonic aberrant crypts in the F344 rat.
Human exposure and dosimetry of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine from Xuan Wei, China with high lung cancer mortality associated with exposure to unvented coal smoke.
Occupational and environmental lead and PCB exposure at a scrap metal dealer.
Association of dietary factors and selected plasma variables with sex hormone-binding globulin in rural Chinese women.
Associations between dietary factors and serum lipids by apolipoprotein E polymorphism.
Determination of cyclophosphamide metabolites by gas chromatography and thermionic specific detection. Interindividual differences in hepatic biotransformation of cyclophosphamide in man in vitro.
Low copy number and limited variability of proviral DNA in alveolar macrophages from HIV-1-infected patients: evidence for genetic differences in HIV-1 between lung and blood macrophage populations.
Relationship of diet, abdominal obesity, and physical activity to plasma lipoprotein levels in Asian Indian physicians residing in the United States.
A sensitive color ELISA for detecting polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human tissues.
Alterations in rat brain thyroid hormone status following pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (Aroclor 1254).
Color duplex measurement of cerebral blood flow volume: intra- and interobserver reproducibility and habituation to serial measurements in normal subjects.
Uptake of the food-derived heterocyclic amine carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine and its N-hydroxy metabolite into rat pancreatic acini and hepatocytes in vitro.
In vivo genotoxicity of dichloroacetic acid: evaluation with the mouse peripheral blood micronucleus assay and the single cell gel assay.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyl/dioxin exposure and feeding type on infants' mental and psychomotor development.
Studies of the binding of diolepoxide metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to DNA using electrofluorescence polarization spectroscopy.
Physiologic (intraindividual) variation of serum prostate-specific antigen in 814 men from a screening population.
Population distributions and intralaboratory reproducibility for fat-soluble vitamin-related compounds in human serum.
A urinary marker of alcohol intake.
The impact of interindividual variation in NAT2 activity on benzidine urinary metabolites and urothelial DNA adducts in exposed workers.
Moderate alcohol consumption and its relation to visceral fat and plasma androgens in healthy women.
ELISA for thyroglobulin in serum: recovery studies to evaluate autoantibody interference and reliability of thyroglobulin values.
Dietary cholesterol induces transient changes in plasma nitrate levels in rabbits that are correlated to microcirculatory changes.
Mechanism of testicular atrophy induced by di-n-butyl phthalate in rats. Part 5. Testicular iron depletion and levels of ferritin, haemoglobin and transferrin in the bone marrow, liver and spleen.
Relation of energy, fat, and fiber intakes to plasma concentrations of estrogens and androgens in premenopausal women.
The relationship of blood lead and dietary calcium to blood pressure in the normative aging study.
Longitudinal comparison of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and gamma-glutamyl transferase: complementary markers of excessive alcohol consumption.
Variability of brain lithium levels during maintenance treatment: a magnetic resonance spectroscopy study.
Echo-Doppler measurements of portal vein and superior mesenteric artery blood flow in humans: inter- and intra-observer short-term reproducibility.
Comparison of ethanol plasma-protein precipitation with plasma ultrafiltration and trichloroacetic acid protein precipitation for the measurement of unbound platinum concentrations.
The reproducibility of urinary growth hormone measurement in children undergoing adenotonsillectomy: a pilot study.
Mercury in human hair and relation to fish consumption in Bangladesh.
Relationship between blood lead and dietary iron intake in preschool children. A cross-sectional study.
Urinary promutagens of smokers: comparison of concentration methods and relation to cigarette consumption.
Biomonitoring of diesel exhaust-exposed workers. DNA and hemoglobin adducts and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as markers of exposure.
Total and inorganic mercury in breast milk in relation to fish consumption and amalgam in lactating women.
Repeatability and validity of the Rose questionnaire for angina pectoris in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Comparative synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometry and 32P-postlabeling analysis of PAH-DNA adducts in human lung and the relationship to TP53 mutations.
Airborne exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene of carbon anode plant workers.
Measurement of ascorbic acid in human plasma and serum: stability, intralaboratory repeatability, and interlaboratory reproducibility.
Endogenous methanol: variability in concentration and rate of production. Evidence of a deep compartment?
Relation of dietary intake and serum levels of vitamin D to progression of osteoarthritis of the knee among participants in the Framingham Study.
Intellectual impairment in children exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls in utero.
In vivo formation of mutagens by intraperitoneal administration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in animals during exposure to nitrogen dioxide.
Variability of clinical and pressure-flow study variables after 6 months of watchful waiting in patients with lower urinary tract symptoms and benign prostatic enlargement.
Uncertainty in estimated half-lives of PCBS in humans: impact on exposure assessment.
Relation of smoking and alcohol consumption to serum fatty acids.
Intra-individual variation of glucose, specific insulin and proinsulin concentrations measured by two oral glucose tolerance tests in a general Caucasian population: the Hoorn Study.
Relationships between depressive symptoms, anxiety, alcohol consumption, and blood pressure: results from the CARDIA Study. Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study.
Dietary intake of micronutrient antioxidants in relation to blood levels in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire used to assess nutrient intakes in pregnant women.
Intraindividual variability in red blood cell thiopurine methyltransferase activity.
Nefazodone pharmacokinetics: assessment of nonlinearity, intra-subject variability and time to attain steady-state plasma concentrations after dose escalation and de-escalation.
Variability in the plasma protein binding of velnacrine (1-hydroxy tacrine hydrochloride). A potential agent for Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of ofloxacin administration on the reliability of urine glucose testing.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among Dutch children.
Relation of a seafood diet to mercury, selenium, arsenic, and polychlorinated biphenyl and other organochlorine concentrations in human milk.
Sex differences in macular pigment optical density: relation to plasma carotenoid concentrations and dietary patterns.
Marked intra- and inter-patient variability of itraconazole steady state plasma concentrations.
Relationship between serum ferritin, alcohol intake, and social status in 2235 Danish men and women.
Variability of molecular biomarker measurements from nonlinear calibration curves.
Relationship between dietary iron intake, corrected for diet reporting error, and serum ferritin in Danish women aged 35-65 years.
The ICS-'BPH' Study: the psychometric validity and reliability of the ICSmale questionnaire.
Daily rhythm of NaCl intake in rats fed low-Ca2+ diet: relation to plasma and urinary minerals and hormones.
Very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids as biomarkers for intake of fish and n-3 fatty acid concentrates.
Human exposure to carcinogenic heterocyclic amines and their mutational fingerprints in experimental animals.
Exposure to PAH compounds among cokery workers in the oil shale industry.
Observer variability in volumetric blood flow measurements in leg arteries using duplex ultrasound.
The correlation between the intake of lutein, lycopene and beta-carotene from vegetables and fruits, and blood plasma concentrations in a group of women aged 50-65 years in the UK.
Day-to-day intraindividual reliability and interindividual differences in monoamines excretion.
Interindividual and intraindividual variability in plasma fibrinogen, TPA antigen, PAI activity, and CRP in healthy, young volunteers and patients with angina pectoris.
Determination of selenium in the serum of healthy Swiss adults and correlation to dietary intake.
The day-to-day variation (test-retest reliability) of residual urine measurement.
Reproducibility of the blood lactate-running speed curve in horses under field conditions.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins in human serum by combined micelle-mediated extraction (cloud-point extraction) and HPLC.
Reproducibility of low resting testosterone concentrations in endurance trained men.
Dietary calcium salts as protective agents and laminin P1 as a biochemical marker in chemically induced colon carcinogenesis in rats.
Genetic factors that contribute to interindividual variations in plasma low density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in the blood as markers for ethanol intake.
Haloperidol dose and blood level variability: toxicity and interindividual and intraindividual variability in the nonresponder patient in the clinical practice setting.
Variability in serum creatine kinase response after eccentric exercise of the elbow flexors.
Reliability of carnitine concentrations measured in single postprandial urine samples from dogs.
Reproducibility of erythrocyte polyamine measurements and correlation with plasma micronutrients in an antioxidant vitamin intervention study.
High repeatability of the amplitude and duration of the nycthemeral rhythm of the plasma melatonin concentration in the Ile-de-France ewe.
Comparison of two substrates in determination of plasma cholinesterase activity & genetic variability.
Inverse relation of dietary protein markers with blood pressure. Findings for 10,020 men and women in the INTERSALT Study. INTERSALT Cooperative Research Group. INTERnational study of SALT and blood pressure.
Plasma antioxidant consumption associated with ischemia/reperfusion during carotid endarterectomy.
PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in human blood in relation to consumption of crabs from a contaminated Fjord area in Norway.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethylene (DDE) exposure among Native American men from contaminated Great Lakes fish and wildlife.
Dose-response in perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs): the Michigan and North Carolina cohort studies.
Alcohol dependence: is carbohydrate-deficient transferrin a marker for alcohol intake?
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol intake: a study with healthy subjects.
Effects of four trihalomethanes on DNA strand breaks, renal hyaline droplet formation and serum testosterone in male F-344 rats.
Medicolegal alcohol determination: variability of the blood- to breath-alcohol ratio and its effect on reported breath-alcohol concentrations.
Effect of two levels of transgalactosylated oligosaccharide intake in rats associated with human faecal microflora on bacterial glycolytic activity, end-products of fermentation and bacterial steroid transformation.
Correlation between biomarkers of omega-3 fatty acid consumption and questionnaire data in African American and Caucasian United States males with and without prostatic carcinoma.
Vitamin B-6 status indicators decrease in women consuming a diet high in pyridoxine glucoside.
Comparison of exercise and normal variability on HDL cholesterol concentrations and lipolytic activity.
Reproducibility of measurements of regional resting and hyperemic myocardial blood flow assessed with PET.
Serum vitamin A in relation to socio-economic, demographic and dietary characteristics in Bangladeshi children.
Capillary electrophoresis of serum proteins. Reproducibility, comparison with agarose gel electrophoresis and a review of the literature.
Biological markers of alcohol consumption and effect of calcitonin in nonalcoholic men: a prospective, double-blind study.
Relationship between alcohol intake and immunoglobulin a immunoreactivity with acetaldehyde-modified bovine serum albumin.
Serum and ascitic levels of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis: relation to biochemical markers of disease activity and alcohol intake.
Dietary sunflower oil reduces plasma and liver triacylglycerols in fasting rats and is associated with decreased liver microsomal phosphatidate phosphohydrolase activity.
Urinary metabolite profile of PAH as a potential mirror of the genetic disposition for cancer.
Poppy seeds: differences in morphine and codeine content and variation in inter- and intra-individual excretion.
The role of socioeconomic status and serum fatty acids in the relationship between intake of animal foods and cardiovascular risk factors.
Variability in hepatic iron concentration measurement from needle-biopsy specimens.
Forearm blood flow by Doppler ultrasound during test and exercise: tests of day-to-day repeatability.
Responsiveness of rat nonparenchymal liver cells and spleen cells to the decomposition of erythrocytes exposed to di-n-butyl phthalate and its metabolite.
Interindividual variation in circulating zinc concentrations among healthy adult men and women.
The reliability of the serum dioxin measurement in veterans of Operation Ranch Hand.
Reproducibility of relative dose response (RDR) test and serum retinol and retinyl ester concentrations in children after a 2-week interval.
Evaluation of the sympathetic nervous system using heart rate variability and plasma hormones in hypertensive patients treated with cilazapril and atenolol.
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for assays of serum hormone levels: estrone, estradiol, estrone sulfate, and progesterone.
Interindividual differences in hair uptake of air nicotine and significance of cigarette counting for estimation of environmental tobacco smoke exposure.
Dietary fat in relation to body fat and intraabdominal adipose tissue: a cross-sectional analysis.
Serum carotenoid concentrations and their reproducibility in children in Belize.
Neurological condition in 18-month-old children perinatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins.
Assessment of changes in liver blood flow after food intake--comparison of ICG clearance and echo-Doppler.
Relationship of plasma renin activity with caffeine intake and physical training in mild hypertensive men. HARVEST Study Group.
Biological variability in serum vitamin E concentrations: relation to serum lipids.
Effect of a vegan diet on biomarkers of chemoprevention in females.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, a PAH biomarker in foundry workers.
First data on background levels of non-ortho and mono-ortho PCBs in blood of residents from southern Germany.
Intake, fecal excretion, and body burden of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in breast-fed and formula-fed infants.
Variability of the blood/breath alcohol ratio in drinking drivers.
Site to site variability of postmortem drug concentrations in liver and lung.
Seasonal variability in blood platelet 3H-imipramine binding in healthy controls: age and gender effects.
Evaluating a national assessment strategy for urinary incontinence in nursing home residents: reliability of the minimum data set and validity of the resident assessment protocol.
Development of a method for the analysis of PCB congeners and organochlorine pesticides in blood/serum.
Levels of PCDD/PCDF in blood fat as indices of the PCDD/PCDF body burden in humans.
Relationship to blood pressure of combinations of dietary macronutrients. Findings of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT).
Biomarkers of essential fatty acid consumption and risk of prostatic carcinoma.
New carotenoid values for foods improve relationship of food frequency questionnaire intake estimates to plasma values.
Reliability of serum hormones in premenopausal and postmenopausal women over a one-year period.
Reliability and validity of serum sex hormone measurements.
Relation between plasma leptin concentration and body fat, gender, diet, age, and metabolic covariates.
Detection of PCB adducts by the 32P-postlabeling technique.
Chromatographic fractionation and analysis by mass spectrometry of conjugated metabolites of bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in urine.
Relationship between serum lipids and dietary and non-dietary factors in a Chinese population.
Fat, cholesterol, fiber and sodium intakes of US population: evaluation of diets reported in 1987-88 Nationwide Food Consumption Survey.
Chlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) in blood and human milk of non occupationally exposed persons living in the vicinity of a municipal waste incinerator.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), nitro-PAHs and related environmental compounds: biological markers of exposure and effects.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in urine as biomarkers of exposure and effect.
An improved analysis for chlorinated pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human and bovine sera using solid-phase extraction.
1-Hydroxypyrene levels in coal-handling workers at a coke oven.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in engine rooms by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Variability in zidovudine serum concentrations.
Serum lipid profile in relation to milk consumption in a Japanese population.
Relationship of plasma leptin to plasma insulin and adiposity in normal weight and overweight women: effects of dietary fat content and sustained weight loss.
Relation of caffeine intake and blood caffeine concentrations during pregnancy to fetal growth: prospective population based study.
Genetic and environmental components of interindividual variation in circulating levels of IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3.
Variability of post-void residual urine volume in the elderly.
Urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin cycle-to-cycle variability.
Urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, 1-, 2-, 3-, and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene in females living in an industrial area of Germany.
Comparison of the response of serum ceruloplasmin and cholesterol, and of tissue ascorbic acid, metallothionein, and nonprotein sulfhydryl in rats to the dietary level of cystine and cysteine.
Relation of changes in dietary lipids and weight, trial years 1-6, to changes in blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Relation of dietary carbohydrates to blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Relation of dietary fiber to blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Relation of body mass and alcohol, nutrient, fiber, and caffeine intakes to blood pressure in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Melatonin concentrations in serum and tissues of porcine gastrointestinal tract and their relationship to the intake and passage of food.
Short-term and long-term variability of plasma homocysteine measurement.
Association between common alleles of the low-density lipoprotein receptor gene region and interindividual variation in plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels in a population-based sample from Rochester, Minnesota.
Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol following acute ethanol consumption: clinical evaluation and potential aviation applications.
Antiestrogenic activity of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl congeners identified in human serum.
Association between blood pressure and dietary factors in the dietary and nutritional survey of British adults.
Alcohol intake in a rural village: physical signs and biological markers predicting excessive consumption in apparently healthy people.
Elaidic and trans-vaccenic acids in plasma phospholipids as indicators of dietary intake of 18:1 trans-fatty acids.
Uraemic pruritus and exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in haemodialysis patients.
A comparison of the food composition table-based estimates of dietary element intake with the values obtained by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry: an experience in a Japanese population.
Between-pregnancy biological variability of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein and free beta hCG: implications for Down syndrome screening in subsequent pregnancies.
Evaluation of energy intake estimated by a diet history in three free-living 70 year old populations in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Immunological investigations in a group of workers exposed to various levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Higher high density lipoprotein cholesterol associated with moderate alcohol consumption is not related to altered plasma lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase and lipid transfer protein activity levels.
Reliability of delayed INR determination: implications for decentralized anticoagulant care with off-site blood sampling.
Effect of diet on milk allantoin and its relationship with urinary allantoin in dairy cows.
Variability of splanchnic blood flow measurements using MR velocity mapping under fasting and post-prandial conditions--comparison with echo-Doppler.
Unpredictable intra-individual variations in serum homocysteine levels on folic acid supplementation.
In vivo indicators of pathologic ruminal sulfide production in steers with diet-induced polioencephalomalacia.
Sources of variability in nicotine and cotinine levels with use of nicotine nasal spray, transdermal nicotine, and cigarette smoking.
Comparison between reproducibility and sensitivity of muscle sympathetic nerve traffic and plasma noradrenaline in man.
Sources of variability in the determination of micronuclei in irradiated peripheral blood lymphocytes.
A long-term study on the effect of spontaneous consumption of reduced fat products as part of a normal diet on indicators of health.
Using biochemical markers to assess the validity of prospective dietary assessment methods and the effect of energy adjustment.
Urinary biochemical markers of dietary intake in the INTERSALT study.
Indexes of food and nutrient intakes as predictors of serum concentrations of nutrients: the problem of inadequate discriminant validity. The Polyp Prevention Trial Study Group.
Monitoring of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood plasma: methodological developments and influence of age, lactation, and fish consumption.
Evaluation of differential effects of carbohydrate and fat intake on weight gain, serum IGF-1 and erythrocyte Na+K+ATPase activity in suboptimal nutrition in rats.
Reducing saturated fat intake is associated with increased levels of LDL receptors on mononuclear cells in healthy men and women.
Fat and fiber intakes in relation to serum estrogen concentration in premenopausal Japanese women.
Characterization of 1-hydroxypyrene as a novel marker substrate of 3-methylcholanthrene-inducible phenol UDP-glucuronosyltransferase(s).
The Northwest Lipid Research Clinic Fat Intake Scale: validation and utility.
Reliability of finger stick capillary blood for the lymphocyte micronucleus assay.
A patient's questionnaire evaluation of krypton laser treatment of facial telangiectases. A comparison with the copper vapor laser.
Effect of variability of plasma interferences on the accuracy of drug immunoassays.
Variability of plasma HDL subclass concentrations in men and women over time.
Relationships between dietary intakes and fasting plasma concentrations of fat-soluble vitamins in humans.
Association between salt intake, heart rate and blood pressure.
Color Doppler imaging of ophthalmic artery blood flow velocity: a study of repeatability and agreement.
Monitoring of left ventricular ejection fraction with a miniature, nonimaging nuclear detector: accuracy and reliability over time with special reference to blood labeling.
Variability in cerebral blood flow velocity: observations over one minute in preterm babies.
Pilot phase studies on the accuracy of dietary intake measurements in the EPIC project: overall evaluation of results. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
The Dutch EPIC food frequency questionnaire. II. Relative validity and reproducibility for nutrients.
The relative validity of vitamin intakes derived from a food frequency questionnaire compared to 24-hour recalls and biological measurements: results from the EPIC pilot study in Germany. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a diet history questionnaire in Spain. III. Biochemical markers. EPIC Group of Spain. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Reproducibility and relative validity of an extensive semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire using dietary records and biochemical markers among Greek schoolteachers.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a food frequency dietary questionnaire for use in the Italian EPIC centres.
The Malm Food Study: validity of two dietary assessment methods for measuring nutrient intake.
Intraindividual variability in bone markers in the urine.
Intra- and interindividual variation in urine osmolality and urine specific gravity in healthy pet dogs of various ages.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin: an investigative biochemical marker of heavy alcohol consumption.
The reliability of urinary albumin assay by immunonephelometry in the clinical practice. The critical role of medical surveillance on laboratory routine.
PCBs and dioxin-like compounds in plasma of adult Inuit living in Nunavik (Arctic Quebec).
Serum levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in pulp and paper mill workers.
Relationships between micronutrient intake and biochemical indicators of nutrient adequacy in a "free-living' elderly UK population.
Validity and reproducibility of electrical impedance tomography for measurement of calf blood flow in healthy subjects.
Determination of urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) for the risk assessment of PAH-exposed workers.
Immunoperoxidase quantitation of 4-aminobiphenyl- and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in exfoliated oral and urothelial cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
Variability of glutathione levels in normal breast tissue and subcutaneous fat during the menstrual cycle: an in vivo study with microdialysis technique.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation exposes infants to the plasticizer, di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Reliability of anion gap as an indicator of blood lactate in critically ill patients.
A comparison of resting metabolic rate, self-rated food intake, growth hormone, and insulin levels in obese and nonobese preadolescents.
An investigation into variability in microvascular skin blood flow and the responses to transdermal delivery of acetylcholine at different sites in the forearm and hand.
Enterohepatic recirculation of trichloroethanol glucuronide as a significant source of trichloroacetic acid. Metabolites of trichloroethylene.
Modelling the associations of BMI physical activity and diet with arterial blood pressure: some results from the Allied Dunbar National Fitness Survey.
Variability of the adaptive response to low dose radiation in peripheral blood lymphocytes of twins and unrelated donors.
Dietary fibers modulate indices of intestinal immune function in rats.
Quantifying estrogen metabolism: an evaluation of the reproducibility and validity of enzyme immunoassays for 2-hydroxyestrone and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone in urine.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in beluga whales from the Arctic.
Relationship of alcohol use, physical activity and dietary habits with serum carotenoids, retinol and alpha-tocopherol among male Japanese smokers.
Serum beta-carotene and vitamin C as biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intakes in a community-based sample of French adults.
Reproducibility of urinary beta 2-microglobulin and cadmium excretion among residents in a cadmium-polluted area during a 3-year period.
Green tea intake in relation to serum lipid levels in Middle-aged Japanese men and women.
Intra-individual variability of fibrinogen levels.
Inter- and intraindividual variation in dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase activity in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Disposition of leucovorin and its metabolites in dietary folic acid-deplete mice - comparison between tumor, liver, and plasma.
The dose-response relationship between cigarette consumption, biochemical markers and risk of lung cancer.
Pilots' knowledge of the relationship between alcohol consumption and levels of blood alcohol concentration.
Serum IgA, IgG, and IgM antibodies directed against acetaldehyde-derived epitopes: relationship to liver disease severity and alcohol consumption.
The association between dietary patterns and cardio vascular disease risk indicators in healthy youngsters: results covering fifteen years of longitudinal development.
Validation of dietary intakes of protein and energy against 24 hour urinary N and DLW energy expenditure in middle-aged women, retired men and post-obese subjects: comparisons with validation against presumed energy requirements.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a graphite-electrode producing plant: biological monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene and monohydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene.
Instrumental variability of respiratory blood gases among different blood gas analysers in different laboratories.
Using structural information to create physiologically based pharmacokinetic models for all polychlorinated biphenyls.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites are anti-estrogenic in a stably transfected human breast adenocarcinoma (MCF7) cell line.
Effectiveness of alpha-tocopherol and selenium supplements in preventing lupinosis-associated myopathy in sheep.
Fatty acids in serum cholesteryl esters as quantitative biomarkers of dietary intake in humans.
Methods for routine biological monitoring of carcinogenic PAH-mixtures.
Ambient and biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a coking plant.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels of garbage collectors with low-level exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Assessment of environmental pollution by PCBs, DDT and its metabolites using human milk of mothers in Zimbabwe.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker of exposure to pyrene: an epidemiological survey on a general population group.
Chemoprotection against the formation of colon DNA adducts from the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in the rat.
DNA adducts of heterocyclic amines: formation, removal and inhibition by dietary components.
Human exposure to mutagenic/carcinogenic heterocyclic amines and comutagenic beta-carbolines.
Concentrations of blood and hair mercury and serum PCBs in an Ojibwa population that consumes Great Lakes region fish.
Decreased blood level of beta 2-microglobulin in the employees of a factory which produced polychlorinated biphenyls.
Non-invasive blood glucose monitoring by means of near infrared spectroscopy: methods for improving the reliability of the calibration models.
Middle-ear disease in children exposed prenatally to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans.
Reproducibility of retinal and optic nerve head blood flow measurements with scanning laser Doppler flowmetry.
Pulsatile ocular blood flow measurements in healthy eyes: reproducibility and reference values.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons during firefighting by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Comparison of blood oxygenation and cerebral blood flow effects in fMRI: estimation of relative oxygen consumption change.
Interindividual variability of enkephalin-degrading enzymes in human plasma.
T-cell receptor beta chain variability in bone marrow and peripheral blood in severe acquired aplastic anemia.
Blood serum levels of PCBs and PCDFs in Yucheng women 14 years after exposure to a toxic rice oil.
Temporal variability in immunological parameters: peripheral blood mononuclear cell subsets, serum immunoglobulins, and soluble markers of immune system activation.
Relationship of urinary arsenic to intake estimates and a biomarker of effect, bladder cell micronuclei.
Regional cerebral blood flow measurement with iodine-123-IMP autoradiography: normal values, reproducibility and sensitivity to hypoperfusion.
The relationship between the dietary provision of alpha-tocopherol and the concentration of this vitamin in the semen of chicken: effects on lipid composition and susceptibility to peroxidation.
Reliability and comparability of three dietary assessment methods for estimating fruit and vegetable intakes.
Serum copper in institutionalized elderly subjects: relations with dietary intake of energy, specific nutrients and haematological parameters.
Dietary practices and lipid intake in relation to plasma lipid profile in Hong Kong Chinese.
Coplanar PCBs and the relative contribution of coplanar PCBs, PCDDs, and PCDFs to the total 2,3,7,8-TCDD toxicity equivalents in human serum.
Effect of artifacts due to flowing blood on the reproducibility of phase-contrast measurements of myocardial motion.
Heterocyclic amines, cytochrome P4501A2, and N-acetyltransferase: issues involved in incorporating putative genetic susceptibility markers into epidemiological studies.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran levels and patterns in polyvinylchloride and chloralkali industry workers.
Fatty acid ethyl esters: short-term and long-term serum markers of ethanol intake.
Characterization of intracellular calcium responses produced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in surface marker-defined human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in male patients with liver disease.
The plasticizer benzyl butyl phthalate (BBP) inhibits 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA)-induced rat mammary DNA adduct formation and tumorigenesis.
Intake and indicators of iron and zinc status in children consuming diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol: the STRIP baby study. Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project for Babies.
Relationship between ambulatory and resting blood pressure responses to dietary salt restriction in normotensive men.
Elevated blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats consuming a high sucrose diet is associated with elevated angiotensin II and is reversed by vanadium.
Identification of subdomain IB in human serum albumin as a major binding site for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxides.
Reproductive and thyroid hormone levels in rats following 90-day dietary exposure to PCB 28 (2,4,4'-trichlorobiphenyl) or PCB 77 (3,3'4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl).
Variability of plasma cortisol levels in extremely low birth weight infants.
Blood flow velocity measurements for carotid stenosis estimation: interobserver variation and interequipment variability.
Vitamin C in human and guinea pig aqueous, lens and plasma in relation to intake.
Alveolar breath sampling and analysis to assess trihalomethane exposures during competitive swimming training.
The use of benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide-modified DNA standards for adduct quantification in 32P-postlabelling to assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: application in a biomonitoring study.
Site-to-site variability of drug concentrations in skeletal muscle.
Detection of serum amyloid A-derived proteins in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissues: reliability of the method and expansion of its spectrum.
Effects of postnatal exposure to a PCB mixture in monkeys on nonspatial discrimination reversal and delayed alternation performance.
Exposure of coke-oven workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons based on biological monitoring results.
Use of urinary cotinine and questionnaires in the evaluation of infant exposure to tobacco smoke in epidemiologic studies.
Thyrotropin and thyroglobulin as an index of optimal iodine intake: correlation with iodine excretion of 39,913 euthyroid patients.
Chemical composition and microstructure of uroliths and urinary sediment crystals associated with the feeding of high-level cottonseed meal diet to water buffalo calves.
The reproducibility of color Doppler duplex sonography in the measurement of renal arterial blood velocity.
Change in blood pressure during altered sodium intake is not associated with calciotropic hormone level.
Evaluating measurement variability in clinical investigations: the case of ultrasonic estimation of urinary bladder volume.
Higher milk intake during pregnancy is associated with lower maternal and umbilical cord lead levels in postpartum women.
Urine collection in the freely moving rat: reliability for measurement of short-term renal effects.
Histology of ovaries and uteri and levels of plasma progesterone, oestradiol-17beta and oestrone sulphate during the implantation period in mated and gonadotrophin-releasing hormone-treated mink (Mustela vison) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Elimination of 1-hydroxypyrene after human volunteer exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Alterations in tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interferon-gamma, and interleukin-6 production by natural killer cell-enriched peripheral blood mononuclear cells in chronic alcoholism: relationship with liver disease and ethanol intake.
Effects of clozapine on plasma catecholamines and relation to treatment response in schizophrenia: a within-subject comparison with haloperidol.
Changes in plasma lipoproteins as toxicity markers for carbon tetrachloride, chloroform, and dichloromethane.
Determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and their metabolites in blood, feces, and urine of rats orally exposed to PAH contaminated soils.
Comparison of organochlorine pesticide and polychlorinated biphenyl residues in human breast adipose tissue and serum.
Correlations among human blood levels of specific PCB congeners and implications for epidemiologic studies.
Studies on some trace and minor elements in blood. A survey of the Kalpakkam (India) population. Part III: Studies on dietary intake and its correlation to blood levels.
Reliability of using random urine samples for "spot" determination of fractional excretion of electrolytes in cats.
Environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Czech Republic.
Fingerstick blood samples in platelet donor screening: reliability and impact on predict yield programs.
Plasma and erythrocyte zinc concentrations and their relationship to dietary zinc intake and zinc supplementation during pregnancy in low-income African-American women.
Induction of germline-length mutations at the minisatellites PC-1 and PC-2 in male mice exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and diesel exhaust emissions.
Application of mixed mobile phases and a step gradient method in capillary electrochromatography for the separation of isomeric polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-deoxyribonucleoside adduct mixtures prepared in vitro.
Development and validation of the diabetes fear of injecting and self-testing questionnaire (D-FISQ): first findings.
Determination of pharmaceuticals in plasma by capillary electrophoresis without sample pretreatment reproducibility, limit of quantitation and limit of detection.
Intestinal fatty acid-binding protein variation associated with variation in the response of plasma lipoproteins to dietary fibre.
Effects of anatomic variability on blood flow and pressure gradients in the pulmonary capillaries.
Changes in vitamin B-6 status indicators of women fed a constant protein diet with varying levels of vitamin B-6.
The impact of age, lactation and dietary habits on PCB in plasma in Swedish women.
Standardization of a method for the routine analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners and selected pesticides in human serum and milk.
Breath-hold R2* mapping with a multiple gradient-recalled echo sequence: application to the evaluation of intrarenal oxygenation.
Cancer mortality among electric utility workers exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Interrenal stress responsiveness of tilapia (Oreochromis mossambicus) is impaired by dietary exposure to PCB 126.
Comparison of a carbohydrate-rich diet and diets rich in stearic or palmitic acid in NIDDM patients. Effects on lipids, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure.
Risperidone dose and blood level variability: accumulation effects and interindividual and intraindividual variability in the nonresponder patient in the clinical practice setting.
The role of a triplet repeat sequence of the very low density lipoprotein receptor gene in plasma lipid and lipoprotein level variability in humans.
Interobserver and interstudy variability of myocardial blood flow and flow-reserve measurements with nitrogen 13 ammonia-labeled positron emission tomography.
Benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adducts in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in an industrial area of Poland.
In the early stage of major burns, is there a correlation between survival, interleukin-6 levels and oxygen delivery and consumption?
Interperson variability but intraperson stability of baseline plasma cortisol concentrations, and its relation to feedback sensitivity of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis to a low dose of dexamethasone in elderly individuals.
Evaluation of 99mtechnetium-radiopharmaceutical binding to blood elements using different trichloroacetic acid concentrations.
Dietary fish oil (4 g daily) and cardiovascular risk markers in healthy men.
The reliability of self-reported blood in urine and schistosomiasis as indicators of Schistosoma haematobium infection in school children: a study in Muheza District, Tanzania.
Comparison between tsetse fly synthetic diet and bovine blood on reproduction and survivorship in Tabanus nigrovittatus (Diptera: Tabanidae).
Comparison of urinary iodine excretion and thyroid volume in students with or without constant iodized salt intake.
Biological monitoring and biochemical effect monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The relation between dietary intake and adipose tissue composition of selected fatty acids in US women.
Variability of cerebral blood flow deficits in 99mTc-HMPAO SPECT in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Decreased serum total cholesterol concentration is associated with high intake of soy products in Japanese men and women.
High-performance liquid chromatography of the renal blood flow marker p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) and its metabolite N-acetyl PAH improves PAH clearance measurements.
Blood levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in the general population of a Spanish Mediterranean city.
Decreased serum estradiol concentration associated with high dietary intake of soy products in premenopausal Japanese women.
Heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine following a fried meat meal.
Absence of DNA adduct formation by phenobarbital, polychlorinated biphenyls, and chlordane in mouse liver using the 32P-postlabeling assay.
Regenerative hyperplasia is not required for liver tumor induction in female B6C3F1 mice exposed to trihalomethanes.
Growth hormone-binding protein levels over one year in healthy prepubertal children: intraindividual variation and correlation with height velocity.
Inter and intra-individual variations in urinary excretion of pyridinium crosslinks of collagen in healthy young adults.
Components of variability in the systolic blood pressures of preschool children.
Heart rate variability is related to leucocyte count in men and to blood lipoproteins in women in a healthy population of 35-year-old subjects.
A urinary biomarker for uptake of dietary isothiocyanates in humans.
Isoflavonoid levels in spot urine are associated with frequency of dietary soy intake in a population-based sample of middle-aged and older Chinese in Singapore.
Urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker for exposure to urban air levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Temporal changes in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in coke-oven workers.
Serum caffeine and paraxanthine as markers for reported caffeine intake in pregnancy.
Reproducibility of plasma catecholamine metabolites in normal subjects.
Measurement of total serum testosterone levels using commercially available kits: high degree of between-kit variability.
Interindividual variations in cytokine levels following cardiopulmonary bypass.
Two cases of ras mutation associated with liver hyperplasia in dragonets (Callionymus lyra) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relationship between blood serum insulin-like growth factor I concentration and postweaning feed efficiency of crossbred cattle at three levels of dietary intake.
Fast screening method for the profile analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in urine using derivatisation--solid-phase microextraction.
Thyroxine, triiodothyronine and reverse-triiodothyronine concentrations in blood plasma in relation to lactational stage, milk yield, energy and dietary protein intake in Estonian dairy cows.
Association of coffee, green tea, and caffeine intakes with serum concentrations of estradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin in premenopausal Japanese women.
Analyses of exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, furans, and hexachlorocyclohexane and different health outcomes in a cohort of former herbicide-producing workers in Hamburg, Germany.
Variability of peripheral blood lymphocyte beta-2-adrenergic receptor density in humans.
Reliability of procalcitonin concentrations for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill neonates.
Correlation between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and ambient air pyrene measured with an inhalable aerosol sampler and a total dust sampler in an electrode paste plant.
Local metabolism in lung airways increases the uncertainty of pyrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma among Swedish female fish consumers in relation to low birth weight.
Effect of additional questions about fat on the validity of fat estimates from a food frequency questionnaire. Study Group of MRS SWEA.
Correlation between plasma clozapine concentration and heart rate variability in schizophrenic patients.
Phenotypic variability of lymphocyte populations in peripheral blood and lymph nodes from HIV-infected individuals and the impact of antiretroviral therapy. DATRI 003 Study Group. Division of AIDS Treatment Research Initiative.
Neurological condition in 42-month-old children in relation to pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins.
Variability and determinants of total homocysteine concentrations in plasma in an elderly population.
Dietary and urinary risk factors for stones in idiopathic calcium stone formers compared with healthy subjects.
Quantitative analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine insecticides, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, polychlorinated hydrocarbons and polynitrohydrocarbons in spiked samples of soil, water and plasma by selected-ion monitoring gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility of double indicator dilution measurements of intrathoracic blood volume compartments, extravascular lung water, and liver function.
Plasma arachidonic acid and serum thromboxane B2 concentrations in phenylketonuric children are correlated with dietary compliance.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a carbon-electrode manufacturing plant.
The effect of dust-protective respirator mask and the relevance of work category on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in PAH exposed electrode paste plant workers.
Reproducibility of measurements with a new slit lamp-mounted ocular blood flow tonograph.
Comparison of immunoaffinity chromatography enrichment and nuclease P1 procedures for 32P-postlabelling analysis of PAH-DNA adducts.
Associations of plasma carotenoid concentrations and dietary intake of specific carotenoids in samples of two prospective cohort studies using a new carotenoid database.
Predicting effective drug concentrations for individual patients. Determinants of pharmacodynamic variability.
Consumption of fatty fish from the Baltic Sea and PCB in whole venous blood, plasma and cord blood from delivering women in the Aland/Turku archipelago.
Specific determination of PAH and its N-acetyl metabolite by HPLC increases the accuracy and precision of PAH clearance measurements.
The large variability in melatonin blood levels in ewes is under strong genetic influence.
Interindividual variation in total and carrier-mediated lactate influx into red blood cells.
Relation of heart rate variability and serum lipoproteins in type 1 diabetes mellitus and chronic stable angina pectoris.
Exposure of workers to 2,3,7,8-substituted polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) and dibenzofuran (PCDF) compounds in sawmills previously using chlorophenol-containing antistain agents.
Reproductive toxicity and tissue concentrations of 3,3',4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl (PCB 77) in male adult rats.
Objective assessment of smoking habits by urinary cotinine measurement in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes. Reliability of reported cigarette consumption and relationship to urinary albumin excretion.
Chemopreventive properties of indole-3-carbinol (I3C): inhibition of DNA adduct formation of the dietary carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), in female F344 rats.
Chemopreventive potential of thiol conjugates of isothiocyanates for lung cancer and a urinary biomarker of dietary isothiocyanates.
Methylmercury and inorganic mercury in serum--correlation to fish consumption and dental amalgam in a cohort of women born in 1922.
Oxidative DNA damage levels in blood from women at high risk for breast cancer are associated with dietary intakes of meats, vegetables, and fruits.
Organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human milk of mothers living in northern Germany: current extent of contamination, time trend from 1986 to 1997 and factors that influence the levels of contamination.
Estimation of the cumulated exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/furans and standardized mortality ratio analysis of cancer mortality by dose in an occupationally exposed cohort.
PCDD/PCDF indoor exposure in day-care centers and PCDD/PCDF blood concentrations of female employees.
Biological monitoring of young workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in engine repair workshops.
Blood levels of total and organic mercury in residents of the upper St. Lawrence River basin, Qubec: association with age, gender, and fish consumption.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyl levels in plasma from 42-month-old children.
Within-patient variability of hormone and cytokine concentrations in heart failure.
Clinical evaluation of scanning laser polarimetry: I. Intraoperator reproducibility and design of a blood vessel removal algorithm.
Separation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites by gamma-cyclodextrin-modified micellar electrokinetic chromatography with laser-induced fluorescence detection.
Reliability and validity of a macronutrient self-selection paradigm and a food preference questionnaire.
An evaluation of ruminally degradable intake protein and metabolizable amino acid requirements of feedlot calves.
Urinary albumin excretion and heart rate variability in obese women.
The effect of dietary sodium intake on biochemical markers of bone metabolism in young women.
Expression of the insulin-like growth factor II gene in polychlorinated biphenyl exposed female mink (Mustela vison) and their fetuses.
Greater dietary intake of simple carbohydrate is associated with lower concentrations of high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic children.
Effects of low phosphate intake on bone and mineral metabolism in rats: evaluation by biochemical markers and pyridinium cross-link formation in bone.
Within- and between-day variability in transcutaneous Doppler ultrasound measurements of superior mesenteric artery blood flow (SMABF) in the fasted state.
Sensitivity and reproducibility of RT-PCR to detect Borna disease virus (BDV) RNA in blood: implications for BDV epidemiology.
Absence of PhIP adducts, p53 and Apc mutations, in rats fed a cooked beef diet containing a high level of heterocyclic amines.
Biostat 1000 and Daugirdas blood-based hemodialysis quantification: agreement and reproducibility.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for atopy with serum IgE tests in a population of pregnant Dutch women.
Accuracy and reproducibility of blood lead testing in commercial laboratories.
Contribution of renal nerves to renal blood flow variability during hemorrhage.
Long-term intraindividual variability of serum lipids in patients with type I and type II diabetes.
Cancer among a Michigan cohort exposed to polybrominated biphenyls in 1973.
Validity of a self-administered diet history questionnaire for assessment of sodium and potassium: comparison with single 24-hour urinary excretion.
Effects of bulky polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon adducts on DNA replication by exonuclease-deficient T7 and T4 DNA polymerases.
Unacceptably high site variability in postmortem blood alcohol analysis.
Determinants of interindividual variation of renin and prorenin concentrations: evidence for a sexual dimorphism of (pro)renin levels in humans.
Plasma concentrations and urinary excretion of the antioxidant flavonols quercetin and kaempferol as biomarkers for dietary intake.
Short-term variability and sampling distribution of various parameters of urinary albumin excretion in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Response of several markers of bone collagen degradation to calcium supplementation in postmenopausal women with low calcium intake.
Reliability of the western ligand blot method for the simultaneous relative estimations of serum insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs).
Long-term variability of serum lipoprotein(a) concentrations in healthy fertile women.
Short-term variability in the concentration of serum interleukin-6 and its soluble receptor in subjectively healthy persons.
Organochlorine compounds (DDE and PCB) in plasma and breast cyst fluid of women with benign breast disease.
High breast milk levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) among four women living adjacent to a PCB-contaminated waste site.
Dietary intake and blood levels of lycopene: association with cervical dysplasia among non-Hispanic, black women.
A comparison of the effect of free access to reduced fat products or their full fat equivalents on food intake, body weight, blood lipids and fat-soluble antioxidants levels and haemostasis variables.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in humans: relevance as biomarkers for exposure and cancer risk.
Comments on a meta-analysis of the relation between dietary calcium intake and blood pressure.
GC/MS analysis of PCB congeners in blood of the harbor seal Phoca vitulina from San Francisco Bay.
Differences and variability in plasma noradrenaline between depressive and anxiety disorders.
Blood and breath analyses as biological indicators of exposure to trihalomethanes in indoor swimming pools.
Evaluation of intra- and interindividual variation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Effects of postnatal exposure of monkeys to a PCB mixture on spatial discrimination reversal and DRL performance.
Development and validation of an audit instrument: the Prostate Outcomes Questionnaire.
Relationship between blood antioxidants and occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coke oven workers.
Urinary and biliary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous and oral administration of pyrene in rats.
Evaluation of a biological marker of dairy fat intake.
Modulation of fecal markers relevant to colon cancer risk: a high-starch Chinese diet did not generate expected beneficial changes relative to a Western-type diet.
Enhanced responsiveness of blood pressure to sodium intake and to angiotensin II is associated with insulin resistance in IDDM patients with microalbuminuria.
Functional MRI studies of word-stem completion: reliability across laboratories and comparison to blood flow imaging with PET.
Variability in the interpretation of dimercaptosuccinic acid scintigraphy after urinary tract infection in children.
Measurement of blood volume using indocyanine green measured with pulse-spectrophotometry: its reproducibility and reliability.
The reduction in alcohol intake in rats by isoproterenol is attenuated by indomethacin but not enalapril: relationship to blood glucose levels.
Determination of plasma alpha-glutathione-S-transferases in chronic alcohol abusers: relationship with alcohol intake and liver involvement.
Dietary assessment in the elderly: validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire.
Lack of suppressive effects of mixtures containing low levels of methylmercury (MeHg), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDS), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFS), and aroclor biphenyls (PCBS) on mixed lymphocyte reaction, phagocytic, and natural killer cell activities of rat leukocytes in vitro.
Human cardiovascular variability, baroreflex and hormonal adaptations to a blood donation.
Addition of guar gum and soy protein increases the efficacy of the American Heart Association (AHA) step I cholesterol-lowering diet without reducing high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in non-human primates.
The association of increasing dietary concentrations of fish oil with hepatotoxic effects and a higher degree of aorta atherosclerosis in the ad lib.-fed rabbit.
Relation between dietary fiber consumption and fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1: The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Reliability of peak-lactate, heart rate, and plasma volume following the Wingate test.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta and modulation by CYP1A1 induction and genotype.
Effects of dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on plasma amino acids and indices of protein metabolism in infants: results from a randomized clinical trial.
Urinary total isothiocyanate (ITC) in a population-based sample of middle-aged and older Chinese in Singapore: relationship with dietary total ITC and glutathione S-transferase M1/T1/P1 genotypes.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 MspI polymorphism and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in coke-oven workers.
Relationships of lead in breast milk to lead in blood, urine, and diet of the infant and mother.
Preventive measures reduce exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a graphite electrode plant.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous administration of binary and ternary mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in rat.
Reduction of thyroid hormone levels by methylsulfonyl metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in rats.
Immunohistochemical demonstration of carcinogen-DNA adducts in tissues of rats given 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP): detection in paraffin-embedded sections and tissue distribution.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to dichloromethane by diffuse vapor sampling and urinalysis.
Plucked hair samples as a source of DNA: reliability of dinucleotide microsatellite genotyping.
Calcium levels in maternal milk: relationships with calcium intake during the third trimester of pregnancy.
Localization of cytochrome P4501A1 and covalent binding of a mutagenic heterocyclic amine in blood vessel endothelia of rodents.
A three-day weighed food record and a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire are valid measures for assessing the folate and vitamin B-12 intakes of women aged 16 to 19 years.
Effects of environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on birth size and growth in Dutch children.
Contaminants in ospreys from the Pacific Northwest: I. Trends and patterns in polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and -dibenzofurans in eggs and plasma.
Evaluation of physiologic indices in mice vaccinated with protein-ergotamine conjugates and fed an endophyte-infected fescue diet.
Variability in urinary flow rate and prostate volume: an investigation using the placebo arm of a drug trial.
Decrease in the concentration of vitamin E in blood and tissues caused by di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, a commonly used plasticizer in blood storage bags and medical tubing.
Reproducibility of ultrasonic fetal volume blood flow measurements.
Relationship between blood pressure and alcohol consumption on the previous day in Japanese men.
Aromatic and polycyclic hydrocarbons in air and their urinary metabolites in coke plant workers.
Reliability of serum measurements of lignans and isoflavonoid phytoestrogens over a two-year period.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and P1 genotypes and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers.
Relationship of serum neutral endopeptidase E.C.3.4.24.11 activity to alcohol consumption.
Plasma and CSF benzodiazepine receptor ligand concentrations in cirrhotic patients with hepatic encephalopathy: relationship to severity of encephalopathy and to pharmaceutical benzodiazepine intake.
DNA adduct formation in mammalian cell cultures by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and nitro-PAH in coke oven emission extract.
Variability of abdominal adipose tissue measurements using computed tomography in prepubertal girls.
Collagen N-telopeptide excretion in men: the effects of age and intrasubject variability.
Variability in repeated consecutive measurements of plasma human immunodeficiency virus RNA in persons receiving stable nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor therapy or no treatment.
Variability in plasma prothrombin concentration: implications for use in epidemiology.
Clustering of endothelial markers of vascular damage in human salt-sensitive hypertension: influence of dietary sodium load and depletion.
Serum eosinophil cationic protein: distribution and reproducibility in a randomly selected sample of men living in rural Norfolk, UK.
A study for the proper application of urinary naphthols, new biomarkers for airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Time course of PCDD/PCDF/PCB concentrations in breast-feeding mothers and their infants.
Concentrations of PCBs, PCDFs and PCDDs in the blood of Yusho patients and their toxic equivalent contribution.
Decrease in levels and body burden of dioxins, dibenzofurans, PCBS, DDE, and HCB in blood and milk in a mother nursing twins over a thirty-eight month period.
Partitioning of dioxins, dibenzofurans, and coplanar PCBS in blood, milk, adipose tissue, placenta and cord blood from five American women.
Variability of serum antibody responses of goat kids to a commercial Clostridium perfringens epsilon toxoid vaccine.
U-shape relationship between change in dietary cholesterol absorption and plasma lipoprotein responsiveness and evidence for extreme interindividual variation in dietary cholesterol absorption in humans.
Phosphatidylethanol in blood as a marker of ethanol consumption in healthy volunteers: comparison with other markers.
Smoking, obesity, and hypertension alter the dose-response curve and test sensitivity of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol intake.
Relationships between dietary fat, body fat, and serum lipid profile in prepubertal children.
Plasma levels of selenium, selenoprotein P and glutathione peroxidase and their correlations to fish intake and serum levels of thyrotropin and thyroid hormones: a study on Latvian fish consumers.
Energy intake and expenditure: validation of a diet history by heart rate monitoring, activity diary and doubly labeled water.
Assessment of trans-fatty acid intake with a food frequency questionnaire and validation with adipose tissue levels of trans-fatty acids.
The Ala/Val98 polymorphism of the hepatocyte nuclear factor-1alpha gene contributes to the interindividual variation in serum C-peptide response during an oral glucose tolerance test: evidence from studies of 231 glucose-tolerant first degree relatives of type 2 diabetic probands.
Increased lipid peroxidation of erythrocytes in blood stored in polyvinyl chloride blood storage bags plasticized with di-[2-ethyl hexyl] phthalate and effect of antioxidants.
A human physiologically based pharmacokinetic model for trichloroethylene and its metabolites, trichloroacetic acid and free trichloroethanol.
Effect of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on the elimination kinetics of pyrene and the urinary excretion profile of 1-hydroxypyrene in the rat.
Hydroxylation and methylthiolation of mono-ortho-substituted polychlorinated biphenyls in rats: identification of metabolites with tissue affinity.
Reproducibility of the low dose dexamethasone suppression test: comparison between direct plasma and salivary cortisol assays.
Immunohistochemical detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA damage in human blood vessels of smokers and non-smokers.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin: marker of actual alcohol consumption or chronic alcohol misuse?
Relationship between urinary calcium and net acid excretion as determined by dietary protein and potassium: a review.
Biotransformation of perchloroethene: dose-dependent excretion of trichloroacetic acid, dichloroacetic acid, and N-acetyl-S-(trichlorovinyl)-L-cysteine in rats and humans after inhalation.
Congener-specific distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls in brain regions, blood, liver, and fat of adult rats following repeated exposure to Aroclor 1254.
Effects of environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on cognitive abilities in Dutch children at 42 months of age.
Comparison of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin, immunoglobulin A antibodies reactive with acetaldehyde-modified protein and acetaldehyde-modified albumin with conventional markers of alcohol consumption.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of change in alcohol intake in men drinking 20 to 60 g of alcohol per day.
Effect of the heme/heme oxygenase pathway on the relationship between salt consumption and blood pressure.
Transcranial color Doppler sonography of basal cerebral arteries in 182 healthy subjects: age and sex variability and normal reference values for blood flow parameters.
Benzo[a]pyrene diol-epoxide DNA adducts and levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in autoptic samples from human lungs.
HCA, an immunoglobulin-like adhesion molecule present on the earliest human hematopoietic precursor cells, is also expressed by stromal cells in blood-forming tissues.
Exposure estimates to disinfection by-products of chlorinated drinking water.
Pentadecanoic acid in serum as a marker for intake of milk fat: relations between intake of milk fat and metabolic risk factors.
Effect of fruit juice intake on urinary quercetin excretion and biomarkers of antioxidative status.
Uncertainty analysis methods for comparing predictive models and biomarkers: A case study of dietary methyl mercury exposure.
Evaluation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in exfoliated oral cells by an immunohistochemical assay.
Reproducibility and performance of the second-generation branched-DNA assay in routine quantification of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 RNA in plasma.
Reproducibility and validity of dietary patterns assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire.
Fat intake and fatty acid profile in plasma phospholipids and adipose tissue in patients with Crohn's disease, compared with controls.
Effects of postnatal exposure of monkeys to a PCB mixture on concurrent random interval-random interval and progressive ratio performance.
Effect of exposure to 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) throughout gestation and lactation on development and spatial delayed alternation performance in rats.
Carotenoid intakes, assessed by dietary questionnaire, are associated with plasma carotenoid concentrations in an elderly population.
Xanthine oxidase inhibition by allopurinol affects the reliability of urinary caffeine metabolic ratios as markers for N-acetyltransferase 2 and CYP1A2 activities.
Effect of carbohydrate intake on serum 3,5,3'-triiodothyronine-response to glucose ingestion and its relation to glucose tolerance in lean non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients.
Recent trend of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and their related compounds in the blood and sebum of Yusho and Yu Cheng patients.
PCDD/F concentrations in milk of nonoccupationally exposed women living in southern Catalonia, Spain.
Analysis of a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls and chlorinated pesticides in human serum by column fractionation and dual-column capillary gas chromatography with electron capture detection.
Relationship of coffee consumption with serum lipids and lipoproteins in Japanese men.
Yolk PCB and plasma retinol concentrations in shag (Phalacrocorax aristotelis) hatchlings.
Induction of hepatic cytochromes P450 in dogs exposed to a chronic low dose of polychlorinated biphenyls.
Reliability of taurine concentrations measured in single urine samples obtained from dogs eight hours after eating.
Inhibition of DNA adduct formation of PhIP in female F344 rats by dietary conjugated linoleic acid.
Effects of dietary conjugated linoleic acid on DNA adduct formation of PhIP and IQ after bolus administration to female F344 rats.
Boron tolerable intake: re-evaluation of toxicokinetics for data-derived uncertainty factors.
Interindividual variation of plasma haloperidol concentrations and the impact of concomitant medications: the analysis of therapeutic drug monitoring data.
Variability of glutathione S-transferase alpha in human liver and plasma.
DNA damage in humans exposed to environmental and dietary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: correlations between DNA adducts and ras oncogene mutations.
Intraindividual variations of DNA adduct levels in humans.
Laboratory assay reproducibility of serum estrogens in umbilical cord blood samples.
Influence of local tumour stage and grade on reliability of serum prostate-specific antigen in predicting skeletal metastases in patients with adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Lipoprotein(a) and dietary proteins: casein lowers lipoprotein(a) concentrations as compared with soy protein.
Association of dietary protein intake and coffee consumption with serum homocysteine concentrations in an older population.
Ethyl glucuronide--a marker of alcohol consumption and a relapse marker with clinical and forensic implications.
Synthesis and characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon o-quinone depurinating N7-guanine adducts.
Frequency domain heart rate variability and plasma norepinephrine level in the coronary sinus during handgrip exercise.
Can changes in plasma insulin concentration explain the variability in leptin response to weight loss in obese women with normal glucose tolerance?
Exposure of hemodialysis patients to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Effect of cola consumption on urinary biochemical and physicochemical risk factors associated with calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
Evaluation of biomarkers of environmental exposures: urinary haloacetic acids associated with ingestion of chlorinated drinking water.
Body burden levels of dioxin, furans, and PCBs among frequent consumers of Great Lakes sport fish. The Great Lakes Consortium.
Serum PCB and DDE levels of frequent Great Lakes sport fish consumers-a first look. The Great Lakes Consortium.
Reliability and relative validity of fish consumption data obtained in an exposure assessment study among Montreal-area sportfishers.
Assessment of prenatal exposure to PCBs from maternal consumption of Great Lakes fish: an analysis of PCB pattern and concentration.
Local fish consumption and serum PCB concentrations among Mohawk men at Akwesasne.
Behavioral impairment produced by low-level postnatal PCB exposure in monkeys.
Blood PCB, p,p'-DDE, and mirex levels in Great Lakes fish and waterfowl consumers in two Ontario communities.
Comparison of PCB congeners and pesticide levels between serum and milk from lactating women.
Day-to-day variability of fasting plasma glucose in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic subjects.
Relationships of fasting and postload glucose levels to sex and alcohol consumption. Are American Diabetes Association criteria biased against detection of diabetes in women?
Reproducibility of fasting plasma leptin concentration in lean and obese humans.
Biomarkers for establishing a tolerable upper intake level for vitamin C.
DNA adducts of heterocyclic amine food mutagens: implications for mutagenesis and carcinogenesis.
HPLC/fluorescence determination of anti-BPDE-DNA adducts in mononuclear white blood cells from PAH-exposed humans.
The effect of dietary protein on reproduction in the mare. VII. Embryonic development, early embryonic death, foetal losses and their relationship with serum progestagen.
Relationship of serum and dietary magnesium to incident hypertension: the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study.
Dose-dependent inverse relationship between alcohol consumption and serum Lp(a) levels in black African males.
The reliability of medication inventory methods compared to serum levels of cardiovascular drugs in the elderly.
Demographic, dietary and lifestyle factors differentially explain variability in serum carotenoids and fat-soluble vitamins: baseline results from the sentinel site of the Olestra Post-Marketing Surveillance Study.
Intra-individual variation of plasma lipids and lipoproteins in prepubescent children.
Water intake and excretion, urinary solute excretion and some stress indicators in mink (Mustela vison): effect of ambient temperature and quantitative water supply to lactating females.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and related compounds: correlations of levels in human tissues and in blood.
Effects of acute exposure to PCBs 126 and 153 on anterior pituitary and thyroid hormones and FSH isoforms in adult Sprague Dawley male rats.
Usual dietary consumption of soy foods and its correlation with the excretion rate of isoflavonoids in overnight urine samples among Chinese women in Shanghai.
Morning spot and 24-hour urinary 6 beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratios: intraindividual variability and correlation under basal conditions and conditions of CYP 3A4 induction.
Biochemical monitoring of treatment for galactosaemia: biological variability in metabolite concentrations.
Reproducibility of plasma angiotensin-converting enzyme activity in human subjects determined by fluorimetry with Z-phenylalanine-histidyl-leucine as substrate.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposures of children in low-income families.
Assessment of the bioavailability of PAHs in rats exposed to a polluted soil by natural routes: induction of EROD activity and DNA adducts and PAH burden in both liver and lung.
Serum organochlorine pesticides and PCBs and breast cancer risk: results from a prospective analysis (USA).
Comparison of three methods for estimating daily individual discretionary salt intake: 24 hour recall, duplicate-portion method, and urinary lithium-labelled household salt excretion.
Mitochondrial DNA in human hair shafts--existence of intra-individual differences?
Low reproducibility of maximum urinary flow rate determined by portable flowmetry.
Dietary iron overload and induced lipid peroxidation are associated with impaired plasma lipid transport and hepatic sterol metabolism in rats.
Alterations in bovine serum biochemistry profiles associated with prolonged consumption of endophyte-infected tall fescue.
Lack of association between changes in plasma leptin concentration and in food intake during the menstrual cycle.
Precision, accuracy, and reliability of hemoglobin assessment with use of capillary blood.
The long-term biological variability of fasting plasma glucose and serum fructosamine in healthy Beagle dogs.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and genotoxic effects on nonsmoking Swedish road pavement workers.
Reproducibility of detection of tyrosinase and MART-1 transcripts in the peripheral blood of melanoma patients: a quality control study using real-time quantitative RT-PCR.
Study of diet, biomarkers and cancer risk in the United States, China and Costa Rica.
Natural variability of circulating levels of cytokines and cytokine receptors in patients with heart failure: implications for clinical trials.
Relationships between bone mineral density, serum vitamin D metabolites and calcium:phosphorus intake in healthy perimenopausal women.
Validation of a questionnaire method for estimating extent of menstrual blood loss in young adult women.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and related compounds: the blood levels of young Japanese women.
Cytokine and immunoglobulin concentrations in cervical secretions: reproducibility of the Weck-cel collection instrument and correlates of immune measures.
Does degree of obesity influence the validity of reported energy and protein intake? Results from the SOS Dietary Questionnaire. Swedish Obese Subjects.
Effect of dietary copper intakes on biochemical markers of bone metabolism in healthy adult males.
Biological variability and reference intervals for total plasma homocysteine.
Evaluation of changes in intrarenal oxygenation in rats using multiple gradient-recalled echo (mGRE) sequence.
Day-to-day consistency in amount and source of carbohydrate intake associated with improved blood glucose control in type 1 diabetes.
Influence of oral administration of a quaternary mixture of trihalomethanes on their blood kinetics in the rat.
Influence of renal biomarker variability on the design and interpretation of occupational or environmental studies.
Effects of intragenic variability at 3 polymorphic sites of the apolipoprotein B gene on serum lipids and lipoproteins in a multiethnic Asian population.
Plasma post-heparin lipase activities in the HERITAGE Family Study: the reproducibility, gender differences, and associations with lipoprotein levels. HEalth, RIsk factors, exercise Training and GEnetics.
Seasonal effect on airborne pyrene, urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, and benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-hemoglobin adducts in the general population.
Reproducibility and validity of radioimmunoassays for urinary hormones and metabolites in pre- and postmenopausal women.
Test-retest reliability of the cough stress test in the evaluation of urinary incontinence.
Clearance of PCDD/Fs via the gastrointestinal tract in occupationally exposed persons.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites by high-pressure liquid chromatography after purification on immunoaffinity columns in urine from occupationally exposed workers.
Relation between the intake of milk fat and the occurrence of conjugated linoleic acid in human adipose tissue.
Effects of high compared with low calcium intake on calcium absorption and incorporation of iron by red blood cells in small children.
Dietary canola oil alters hematological indices and blood lipids in neonatal piglets fed formula.
Reliability of laser Doppler flowmetry in a 2-probe assessment of pulpal blood flow.
Evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire with weighed records, fatty acids, and alpha-tocopherol in adipose tissue and serum.
Changes in the composition of erythrocyte membrane during storage of blood in di-(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate [DEHP] plasticized poly vinyl chloride (PVC) blood storage bags.
Sensitive high-performance liquid chromatography method for the simultaneous determination of low levels of dichloroacetic acid and its metabolites in blood and urine.
Relations between individual and neighborhood-based measures of socioeconomic position and bone lead concentrations among community-exposed men: the Normative Aging Study.
Heart rate variability and plasma catecholamines in patients during opioid detoxification.
Quantitative evaluation of alternative mechanisms of blood and testes disposition of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in rats.
Flame retardant exposure: polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood from Swedish workers.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids as potential inhibitors of carcinogenesis: effect on DNA adduct formation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in mice and rats.
Intraindividual variations of total and percent free serum prostatic-specific antigen levels in patients with normal digital rectal examination.
Heart rate variability and plasma lipids in men with and without ischaemic heart disease.
Variability of fasting and post-methionine plasma homocysteine levels in normo- and hyperhomocysteinaemic individuals.
Is carbohydrate deficient transferrin a useful marker of harmful alcohol intake among surgical patients?
Developmental exposure of rats to a reconstituted PCB mixture or aroclor 1254: effects on organ weights, aromatase activity, sex hormone levels, and sweet preference behavior.
Green tea extract decreases plasma malondialdehyde concentration but does not affect other indicators of oxidative stress, nitric oxide production, or hemostatic factors during a high-linoleic acid diet in healthy females.
PAH extraction and estimation of plasma flow in human postischemic acute renal failure.
Ratio of serum gamma-GT/ALT rather than ISDR variability is predictive for initial virological response to IFN-alpha in chronic HCV infection.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood serum by SPME.
Relationship between smoking, dietary intakes and plasma levels of vitamin E and beta-carotene in matched maternal-cord pairs.
Dietary intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids and indices of oxidative stress in human volunteers.
Investigation of some immunological functions in a group of asphalt workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Intra-individual variability and influence of urine collection period on dextromethorphan metabolic ratios in healthy subjects.
Target-controlled infusion of alfentanil for postoperative analgesia: contribution of plasma protein binding to intra-patient and inter-patient variability.
Induction of genetic damage in human lymphocytes and mutations in Salmonella by trihalomethanes: role of red blood cells and GSTT1-1 polymorphism.
Distribution of PCB congeners, DDE, hexachlorobenzene, and methylsulfonyl metabolites of PCB and DDE among various fractions of human blood plasma.
Influence of maternal age and duration of pregnancy on serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and hexachlorobenzene in full-term neonates.
Carotenoids in young and elderly healthy humans: dietary intakes, biochemical status and diet-plasma relationships.
Heart rate variability and fatty acid content of blood cell membranes: a dose-response study with n-3 fatty acids.
Methods for the analysis of PCBs in human food, faeces and serum.
A pilot study of garlic consumption shows no significant effect on markers of oxidation or sub-fraction composition of low-density lipoprotein including lipoprotein(a) after allowance for non-compliance and the placebo effect.
Influence of GSTM1 genotypes on anti-BPDE-DNA adduct levels in mononuclear white blood cells of humans exposed to PAH.
Effects of 16 weeks of treatment with tibolone on bone mass and bone mechanical and histomorphometric indices in mature ovariectomized rats with established osteopenia on a low-calcium diet.
Validation of a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire administered in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) Study: comparison of energy, protein, and macronutrient intakes estimated with the doubly labeled water, urinary nitrogen, and repeated 24-h dietary recall methods.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in cervical smears of smokers and nonsmokers.
Biomonitoring of heterocyclic aromatic amine metabolites in human urine.
Macromolecular adduct formation and metabolism of heterocyclic amines in humans and rodents at low doses.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and levels of thyroid hormones in children.
Metabolism of n-butyl benzyl phthalate in the female Wistar rat. Identification of new metabolites.
Cancer initiation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons results from formation of stable DNA adducts rather than apurinic sites.
Dietary fat and carbohydrates are independently associated with circulating insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 concentrations in healthy adults.
Within-person variation of plasma homocysteine and effects of posture and tourniquet application.
An evaluation of salt intake and iodine nutrition in a rural and urban area of the Cte d'Ivoire.
Gender differences in food and nutrient intakes and status indices from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Evaluation of urinary cadmium and lead as markers of background exposure of middle-aged women in Korea: dietary intake as an influential factor.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and other PAH metabolites as biomarkers of exposure to environmental PAH in air particulate matter.
Comparison of three analytical methods for 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in urine after non-occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Variations in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in relation to smoking and the modification effects of GSTM1 and GSTT1.
Automated column-switching high-performance liquid chromatography method for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Antibiotic susceptibility of staphylococci isolated in blood cultures in relation to antibiotic consumption in hospital wards.
Functional biochemical and nutrient indices in frail elderly people are partly affected by dietary supplements but not by exercise.
Environmental pollution and human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the east Baltic region.
Alternative pathways of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons activation: the formation of polar DNA adducts.
Reproducibility and biomarker-based validity and responsiveness of a food frequency questionnaire to estimate protein intake.
Relative versus absolute carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in patients with acute alcoholic hepatitis.
Brown adipose tissue response to cafeteria diet-feeding involves induction of the UCP2 gene and is impaired in female rats as compared to males.
Role of a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon bay region ring in modulating DNA adduct structure: the non-bay region (8S,9R,10S, 11R)-N(6)-[11-(8,9,10,11-tetrahydro-8,9, 10-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl adduct in codon 61 of the human N-ras protooncogene.
The oral nitrate and nitrite intake in The Netherlands: evaluation of the results obtained by HPIC analysis of duplicate 24-hour diet samples collected in 1994.
Effects of exposure to 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) throughout gestation and lactation on behavior (concurrent random interval-random interval and progressive ratio performance) in rats.
The contribution of assay variation and biological variation to the total variability of plasma HIV-1 RNA measurements. The Women Infant Transmission Study Clinics. Virology Quality Assurance Program.
Reproducibility of lymphoscintigraphic drainage patterns in sequential 99mTc human serum albumin and 99mTc sulfur colloid studies: implications for sentinel node identification in melanoma.
Plasma carotenoids are biomarkers of long-term high vegetable intake in women with breast cancer.
Correlation of alternative pathway (AP) lytic activity and AP-dependent neutrophil phagocytosis with factor B levels and consumption in serum.
The effect of coal stoves and environmental tobacco smoke on the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Biomarkers of carcinogenesis in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
A study of heart rate and heart rate variability in human subjects exposed to occupational levels of 50 Hz circularly polarised magnetic fields.
The relation between levels of selected PCB congeners in human serum and follicular fluid.
Blood lipid concentrations of dioxins and dibenzofurans causing chloracne.
Effect of increased vegetable and fruit consumption on markers of oxidative cellular damage.
Dermal exposure assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: in vitro percutaneous penetration from lubricating oil.
Quantitative determination of thalidomide in human serum with high-performance liquid chromatography using protein precipitation with trichloroacetic acid and ultraviolet detection.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood by solid-phase extraction including on-column lipid decomposition.
Regional variability of cerebral blood oxygenation response to hypercapnia.
Effects of dietary protein type on oxidized cholesterol-induced alteration in age-related modulation of lipid metabolism and indices of immune function in rats.
Reproducibility of resting peripheral blood flow using strain gauge plethysmography.
Exposure-route-dependent DNA adduct formation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Associations of fat and cholesterol intake with serum lipid levels and cardiovascular disease: the EURODIAB IDDM Complications Study.
Reproducibility of plasma and urinary sex hormone levels in premenopausal women over a one-year period.
Effect of parsley (Petroselinum crispum) intake on urinary apigenin excretion, blood antioxidant enzymes and biomarkers for oxidative stress in human subjects.
Cheek cell phospholipids in human infants: a marker of docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acids in the diet, plasma, and red blood cells.
Inositol hexakisphosphate in urine: the relationship between oral intake and urinary excretion.
Serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans among people eating contaminated home-produced eggs and beef.
Are postal questionnaire surveys of reported activity valid? An exploration using general practitioner management of hypertension in older people.
Circadian variation of portal, arterial and venous blood levels of melatonin in pigs and its relationship to food intake and sleep.
Time course and reproducibility of urinary excretion profiles of ethanol, methanol, and the ratio of serotonin metabolites after intravenous infusion of ethanol.
CYP2D6 inhibition by fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine in a crossover study: intraindividual variability and plasma concentration correlations.
Hepatocarcinogenicity in the male B6C3F1 mouse following a lifetime exposure to dichloroacetic acid in the drinking water: dose-response determination and modes of action.
Catechol metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls inhibit the catechol-O-methyltransferase-mediated metabolism of catechol estrogens.
Prenatal PCB exposure and neonatal behavioral assessment scale (NBAS) performance.
Formation of stable DNA adducts and apurinic sites upon metabolic activation of bay and fjord region polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human cell cultures.
Serum CTX: a new marker of bone resorption that shows treatment effect more often than other markers because of low coefficient of variability and large changes with bisphosphonate therapy.
Blood cholesterol and apolipoprotein B levels in relation to intakes of animal and plant proteins in US adults.
Determinants of polybrominated biphenyl serum decay among women in the Michigan PBB cohort.
PCB congener profile in the serum of humans consuming Great Lakes fish.
The relationship between alcohol consumption, health indicators and mortality in the German population.
Breast adipose tissue concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and other organochlorines and breast cancer risk.
A new ELISA kit for measuring urinary 2-hydroxyestrone, 16alpha-hydroxyestrone, and their ratio: reproducibility, validity, and assay performance after freeze-thaw cycling and preservation by boric acid.
Indole-3-carbinol as a chemopreventive agent in 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) carcinogenesis: inhibition of PhIP-DNA adduct formation, acceleration of PhIP metabolism, and induction of cytochrome P450 in female F344 rats.
Altered electrophoretic migration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and styrene oxide adducts at adenine N(6) correlates with adduct-induced structural disorder.
Measurement of blood flow in the vertebral artery using colour duplex Doppler ultrasound: establishment of the reliability of selected parameters.
Menstrual cycle dependent variability for serum tumor markers CEA, AFP, CA 19-9, CA 125 and CA 15-3 in healthy women.
Wheat bran supplementation does not affect biochemical markers of bone turnover in young adult women with recommended calcium intake.
Blood glucose and meal patterns in time-blinded males, after aspartame, carbohydrate, and fat consumption, in relation to sweetness perception.
Computerized measurement of LDL particle size in human serum. Reproducibility studies and evaluation of LDL particle size in relation to metabolic variables and the occurrence of atherosclerosis.
Freezing method affects the concentration and variability of urine proteins and the interpretation of data on microalbuminuria. The Oxford Regional Prospective Study Group.
The blood spot thyrotropin method is not adequate to screen for hypothyroidism in the elderly living in abundant-iodine intake areas: comparison to sensitive thyrotropin measurements.
Personal exposure to atmospheric polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a general adult population and lung cancer risk assessment.
Study on the relationship between plasma nitrite and nitrate level and salt sensitivity in human hypertension : modulation of nitric oxide synthesis by salt intake.
Quantitative evaluation of alternative mechanisms of blood disposition of di(n-butyl) phthalate and mono(n-butyl) phthalate in rats.
Risk of female breast cancer associated with serum polychlorinated biphenyls and 1,1-dichloro-2,2'-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene.
Association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in maternal and newborn white blood cells and glutathione S-transferase P1 and CYP1A1 polymorphisms.
The induction of hepatic microsomal UDP-glucuronosyltransferase by the methylsulfonyl metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in rats.
Changes in dietary zinc and copper affect zinc-status indicators of postmenopausal women, notably, extracellular superoxide dismutase and amyloid precursor proteins.
Normal and abnormal day-to-day variability of urinary albumin excretion in control and diabetic subjects.
Polymorphisms of the GSTP1 and GSTM1 genes and PAH-DNA adducts in human mononuclear white blood cells.
Use of a combined human liver microsome-estrogen receptor binding assay to assess potential estrogen modulating activity of PCB metabolites.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in an artificial shooting target factory: assessment of 1-hydroxypyrene urinary excretion as a biological indicator of exposure.
Pathways of heterocyclic amine activation in the breast: DNA adducts of 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) formed by peroxidases and in human mammary epithelial cells and fibroblasts.
Development of a screening tool for detecting undernutrition and dietary inadequacy among rural elderly in Malaysia: simple indices to identify individuals at high risk.
Ethyl glucuronide: a marker of recent alcohol consumption with clinical and forensic implications.
Markers of intestinally-derived lipoproteins: application to studies of altered diet and meal fatty acid compositions.
Effect of beer consumption on plasma magnesium: randomized comparison with mineral water.
Simultaneous determination of inulin and p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) in human plasma and urine by high-performance liquid chromatography.
Association between acetylator genotype and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) DNA adduct formation in colon and prostate of inbred Fischer 344 and Wistar Kyoto rats.
Reproducibility of the seven-day voiding diary in women with stress urinary incontinence.
Variability in methotrexate serum and cerebrospinal fluid pharmacokinetics in children with acute lymphocytic leukemia: relation to assay methodology and physiological variables.
PCB-blood levels in teachers, working in PCB-contaminated schools.
Decrease of PCDD/F levels in human blood from Germany over the past ten years (1989-1998).
Psychological effects upon exposure to polyhalogenated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans.
Variability of Doppler ultrasound measurements of hindlimb blood flow in conscious horses.
Immunohistochemical detection of carcinogen-DNA adducts in normal human prostate tissues transplanted into the subcutis of athymic nude mice: results with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 3,2'-dimethyl-4-aminobiphenyl (DMAB) and relation to cytochrome P450s and N-acetyltransferase activity.
Urinary isoflavonoid and lignan excretion on a Western diet: relation to soy, vegetable, and fruit intake.
Biomonitoring of environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure by simultaneous measurement of urinary phenanthrene, pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene hydroxides.
Development and modification of a recombinant cell bioassay to directly detect halogenated and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in serum.
Biological variability of serum and urinary N-telopeptides of type I collagen in postmenopausal women.
Hippuric acid as a major excretion product associated with black tea consumption.
CYP1A1 and GSTM1 polymorphisms affect urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels after PAH exposure.
Delay of DNA-adduct repair and severe toxicity in xeroderma pigmentosum group A gene (XPA) deficient mice treated with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenyl-imidazo [4,5-b] pyridine (PhIP).
Association of dietary elements and lower urinary tract symptoms.
Unrepaired fjord region polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in ras codon 61 mutational hot spots.
High genetic variability of the group-specific a-determinant of hepatitis B virus surface antigen (HBsAg) and the corresponding fragment of the viral polymerase in chronic virus carriers lacking detectable HBsAg in serum.
Morphine-induced suppression of saccharin intake is correlated with elevated corticosterone levels.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure of workers on a contaminated site: influence of exposure conditions.
Increased morbidity and high variability of cyclosporine levels in pediatric heart transplant recipients.
High-performance liquid chromatographic method with fluorescence detection for the determination of 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene and 3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene in the urine of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed workers.
The effect of two levels of dietary protein on resistance and resilience of dairy goats experimentally infected with Trichostrongylus colubriformis: comparison between high and low producers.
Inverse relationship between protein intake and plasma free amino acids in healthy men at physical exercise.
Five-year intra-individual variability in C-reactive protein levels in a Japanese population-based study: the Jichi Medical School Cohort Study at Yamato, 1993-1998.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in relation to thyroid hormone levels in neonates.
Reproducibility of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) protease and reverse transcriptase sequencing of plasma samples from heavily treated HIV-1-infected individuals.
Correlation between urine and blood concentrations, and dietary intake of cadmium and lead among women in the general population of Japan.
Comparison of the formation of proteins modified by direct and indirect ethanol metabolites in the liver and blood of rats fed the Lieber-DeCarli liquid diet.
Within- and between-subject variations in pharmacokinetic parameters of ethanol by analysis of breath, venous blood and urine.
Institutional variability in red blood cell conservation practices for coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Institutions of the MultiCenter Study of Perioperative Ischemia Research Group.
Biomonitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of nonoccupationally exposed persons.
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for androgen assays in female plasma.
Expression of CYP1A1, CYP1B1 and CYP3A, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in bronchoalveolar macrophages of smokers and non-smokers.
DNA adducts produced by oils, oil fractions and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in relation to repair processes and skin carcinogenesis.
Waist-to-hip ratio, weight gain, and dietary and serum selenium are associated with DNA content flow cytometry in Barrett's esophagus.
Inverse association of soy product intake with serum androgen and estrogen concentrations in Japanese men.
Tea as a potential chemopreventive agent in PhIP carcinogenesis: effects of green tea and black tea on PhIP-DNA adduct formation in female F-344 rats.
Immunohistochemical analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tumor tissue.
Variability of relative blood volume during haemodialysis.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in the serum samples of workers at continuously burning municipal waste incinerators in Japan.
Parental smoking and neonatal serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and hexachlorobenzene.
Relation between low calcium intake, parathyroid hormone, and blood pressure.
Reliability of fatty acid composition in human serum phospholipids.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans and the human immune system: 3. Plasma immunoglobulins and cytokines of workers with quantified moderately-increased body burdens.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasound measurements of hindlimb blood flow in halothane anaesthetised horses.
Uptake of individual fatty acids into adipose tissue in relation to their presence in the diet.
Reliability of the heparin management test for monitoring high levels of unfractionated heparin: in vitro findings in volunteers versus in vivo findings during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Polymorphism of the tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor 2 gene is associated with obesity, leptin levels, and insulin resistance in young subjects and diet-treated type 2 diabetic patients.
The statistical variability of blood alcohol concentration measurements in drink-driving cases.
Uncoupling protein-2 and -3 messenger ribonucleic acids in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle of healthy males: variability, factors affecting expression, and relation to measures of metabolic rate.
The role of women's alcohol consumption in evaluation of vulnerability to sexual aggression.
Decrease of PCDD/F levels in human blood--trend analysis for the German population, 1991-1996.
Interobserver variability of cisternal blood on CT after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Comparison of chemical-activated luciferase gene expression bioassay and gas chromatography for PCB determination in human serum and follicular fluid.
Fasting plasma glucose variability predicts 10-year survival of type 2 diabetic patients: the Verona Diabetes Study.
Evaluation of the short-form 36-item questionnaire to measure health-related quality of life in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Validation of dietary intakes measured by diet history against 24 h urinary nitrogen excretion and energy expenditure measured by the doubly-labelled water method in middle-aged women.
Analysis and reliability of data from 24-hour frequency-volume charts in men with lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
New synthetic approaches to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their carcinogenic oxidized metabolites: derivatives of benzo[s]picene, benzo[rst]pentaphene, and dibenzo[b,def]chrysene.
Assessment of multipathway exposure of small children to PAH.
Basal urinary zinc/creatinine ratio as an indicator of dietary zinc intake in healthy adult women.
Beneficial effects of weight loss associated with moderate calorie/carbohydrate restriction, and increased proportional intake of protein and unsaturated fat on serum urate and lipoprotein levels in gout: a pilot study.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to tetrachloroethene by analysis for unmetabolized tetrachloroethene in blood and urine in comparison with urinalysis for trichloroacetic acid.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a fireproof stone producing plant: biological monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene, 1-, 2-, 3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxybenz(a)anthracene and 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene.
Analytical sensitivity, reproducibility of results, and clinical performance of five PCR assays for detecting Chlamydia pneumoniae DNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Reproducibility and use of low-concentration skin prick test.
Immunoperoxidase detection of 4-aminobiphenyl- and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adducts in induced sputum of smokers and non-smokers.
Beneficial influence of an indigenous low-iron diet on serum indicators of iron status in patients with chronic liver disease.
Reliability of analytical methods for determining anthocyanins in blood orange juices.
Gallic acid metabolites are markers of black tea intake in humans.
Ferulic acid excretion as a marker of consumption of a French maritime pine (Pinus maritima) bark extract.
Accuracy of plasma HIV RNA quantification: a multicentre study of variability.
UVA-Induced DNA single-strand cleavage by 1-hydroxypyrene and formation of covalent adducts between DNA and 1-hydroxypyrene.
Studies of the mechanisms of adduction of 2'-deoxyadenosine with styrene oxide and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol epoxides.
Analysis of hydroxylated metabolites of PCBs (OH-PCBs) and other chlorinated phenolic compounds in whole blood from Canadian inuit.
Trans fatty acids in adipose tissue of French women in relation to their dietary sources.
Correlations among human plasma levels of dioxin-like compounds and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and implications for epidemiologic studies.
PCB exposure in utero and via breast milk. A review.
The disinfection by-products dichloro-, dibromo-, and bromochloroacetic acid impact intestinal microflora and metabolism in Fischer 344 rats upon exposure in drinking water.
Health risks to infants from exposure to PCBs, PCDDs and PCDFs.
Determinants of within-subject variation of fasting serum leptin concentrations in healthy subjects.
Validation study of retrospective recall of disease-targeted function: results from the prostate cancer outcomes study.
The ALDH2 genotype, alcohol intake, and liver-function biomarkers among Japanese male workers.
Response of diamine oxidase and other plasma copper biomarkers to various dietary copper intakes in the rat and evaluation of copper absorption with a stable isotope.
Dietary creatine supplementation does not affect some haematological indices, or indices of muscle damage and hepatic and renal function.
Dietary intakes of flavonols, flavones and isoflavones by Japanese women and the inverse correlation between quercetin intake and plasma LDL cholesterol concentration.
Parathyroid hormone is elevated but bone markers and density are normal in young female subjects who consume inadequate dietary calcium.
Effect of diet on serum albumin and hemoglobin adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in humans.
Indoor exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide in traditional houses in Burundi.
Oxygen consumption, blood lactate and inter-individual variation in the gulf killifish, Fundulus grandis, during hypoxia and recovery.
Assessing estradiol in biobehavioral studies using saliva and blood spots: simple radioimmunoassay protocols, reliability, and comparative validity.
PCBs, thyroid hormones, and ototoxicity in rats: cross-fostering experiments demonstrate the impact of postnatal lactation exposure.
Quantitative determination of endocrine- disrupting polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorinated pesticides in human serum using gas chromatography with electron-capture detection and tandem mass spectrometry.
Under- and overreporting of energy intake using urinary cations as biomarkers: relation to body mass index.
Household exposures to drinking water disinfection by-products: whole blood trihalomethane levels.
Cafeteria diet-induced obesity is associated with a low spontaneous growth hormone secretion and normal plasma insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations.
Quantitative detection of eight phthalate metabolites in human urine using HPLC-APCI-MS/MS.
Routine analysis of 101 polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in human serum by parallel dual-column gas chromatography with electron capture detection.
Changes in diet, weight, and serum lipid levels associated with olestra consumption.
Serum amino acids in relation to nutritional status, lung function and energy intake in patients with advanced pulmonary disease.
The development and evaluation of an incontinence screening questionnaire for female primary care.
Comparison of the effects of plant sterol ester and plant stanol ester-enriched margarines in lowering serum cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a low-fat diet.
The associations of a marine diet with plasma lipids, blood glucose, blood pressure and obesity among the inuit in Greenland.
Validity of self-reported alcohol consumption in nondependent drinkers with unintentional injuries.
The use of human ultralente is limited by great intraindividual variability in overnight plasma insulin profiles.
Reduced levels of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) in rat dams and offspring after exposure to a reconstituted PCB mixture.
Induction of DNA adducts by several polychlorinated biphenyls.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in mouth floor and buccal mucosa cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
Feasibility of a novel blood noise reduction algorithm to enhance reproducibility of ultra-high-frequency intravascular ultrasound images.
Intake of soy products is associated with better plasma lipid profiles in the Hong Kong Chinese population.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for androgen deficiency in aging males.
Identification of phthalate esters in the serum of young Puerto Rican girls with premature breast development.
Inter- and intra-individual variation in plasma and red blood cell vitamin E after supplementation.
Dietary unsaturated fatty acids in type 2 diabetes: higher levels of postprandial lipoprotein on a linoleic acid-rich sunflower oil diet compared with an oleic acid-rich olive oil diet.
Excretion of volatile nitrosamines in a rural population in relation to food and drinking water consumption.
Profiles of a healthful diet and its relationship to biomarkers in a population sample from Mediterranean southern France.
Correlation of carnitine levels to methionine and lysine intake.
Etiology of nephrocalcinosis in preterm neonates: association of nutritional intake and urinary parameters.
The association between glutathione S-transferase M1 genotype and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tissue.
CYP1A1, GSTM1, and GSTP1 genetic polymorphisms and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in non-occupationally exposed individuals.
Levels of seven urinary phthalate metabolites in a human reference population.
Dose response of laboratory markers to alcohol consumption in a general population.
Urinary 1-methylhistidine is a marker of meat consumption in Black and in White California Seventh-day Adventists.
Plasma copper concentration as marker of copper intake from food.
Age at menarche and tanner stage in girls exposed in utero and postnatally to polybrominated biphenyl.
Diet-induced change in fatty acid composition of plasma triacylglycerols is not associated with change in glucagon-like peptide 1 or insulin sensitivity in people with type 2 diabetes.
PAH metabolites in bile, cytochrome P4501A and DNA adducts as environmental risk parameters for chronic oil exposure: a laboratory experiment with Atlantic cod.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxins. Consequences for longterm neurological and cognitive development of the child lactation.
Reproducibility of laser Doppler imaging of skin blood flow as a tool to assess endothelial function.
Human variability in mercury toxicokinetics and steady state biomarker ratios.
Variability of pressure-flow studies in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Variability of standard clinical protein assays in the analysis of a model urine solution of fragmented albumin.
Consumption of black and green tea had no effect on inflammation, haemostasis and endothelial markers in smoking healthy individuals.
Potential hazards of exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate in babies. a review.
Variability in CD34+ cell counts in umbilical cord blood: implications for cord blood transplants.
Breast cancer risk in relation to adipose concentrations of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in Long Island, New York.
A preliminary evaluation of intra- and interindividual variations of hOGG1 messenger RNA levels in peripheral blood cells as determined by a real-time polymerase chain reaction technique.
Validity of cadmium concentration in rice as the "dose" of the dose-response relationship between cadmium intake and renal dysfunction.
Prediction of interindividual variation in drug plasma levels in vivo from individual enzyme kinetic data and physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling.
Does dietary protein intake correlate with markers suggestive of early diabetic nephropathy in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus?
Validation of a simple method for assessing sodium intake in dialysis patients.
Alpha linolenic acid in cholesterol esters: a marker of alphalinolenic acid intake in newborns.
Trends of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels and mutagenicity in Santiago's inhalable airborne particles in the period 1992-1996.
Internal exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDDs/PCDFs) of Bavarian chimney sweeps.
Correlation between stellate cell activation and serum fibrosis markers in choline-deficient L-amino acid-defined diet-induced rat liver fibrosis.
Validation of three food frequency questionnaires and 24-hour recalls with serum carotenoid levels in a sample of African-American adults.
Variability of erythrocyte and serum lithium levels correlates with therapist treatment adherence efforts and maintenance treatment outcome.
Cognitive dietary restraint is associated with higher urinary cortisol excretion in healthy premenopausal women.
Association between dietary patterns and plasma biomarkers of obesity and cardiovascular disease risk.
Serum lithium as a compliance marker for food and supplement intake.
Clofibric acid or diethylmaleate supplemented diet decrease blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated male Sprague Dawley rats--relation with liver antioxidant status.
Kinetic parameters and intraindividual fluctuations of ochratoxin A plasma levels in humans.
Evaluation of models of acute and subacute acidosis on dry matter intake, ruminal fermentation, blood chemistry, and endocrine profiles of beef steers.
Immunologic effects of background exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins in Dutch preschool children.
Serum levels of TCDD and dioxin-like chemicals in Rhesus monkeys chronically exposed to dioxin: correlation of increased serum PCB levels with endometriosis.
Benchmark guideline for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as biomarker of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Measurement of PCBs, DDE, and hexachlorobenzene in cord blood from infants born in towns adjacent to a PCB-contaminated waste site.
Utilization of umbilical cords to assess in utero exposure to persistent pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls.
A pathway model of lipid metabolism to predict the effect of genetic variability on lipid levels.
Uptake of chlorination disinfection by-products; a review and a discussion of its implications for exposure assessment in epidemiological studies.
Serum concentrations of estradiol and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and soy product intake in relation to psychologic well-being in peri- and postmenopausal Japanese women.
Variability of tear protein levels in normal young adults: between-day variation.
Plasma leptin and thyroxine of mink (Mustela vison) vary with gender, diet and subchronic exposure to PCBs.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling of inhalation exposure of humans to dichloromethane during moderate to heavy exercise.
Oral administration of naturally occurring coumarins leads to altered phase I and II enzyme activities and reduced DNA adduct formation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in various tissues of SENCAR mice.
High levels of dietary carnosine are associated with increased concentrations of carnosine and histidine in rat soleus muscle.
Bayesian estimation of variability in adipose tissue blood flow in man by physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling of inhalation exposure to toluene.
Distribution and repeatability of faecal egg counts and blood parameters in dairy goats naturally infected with gastrointestinal nematodes.
Relationship of dietary fat and serum cholesterol ester and phospholipid fatty acids to markers of insulin resistance in men and women with a range of glucose tolerance.
Life style and urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine, a marker of oxidative dna damage: effects of exercise, working conditions, meat intake, body mass index, and smoking.
Reliability assessment of soluble c-erbB-2 concentrations in the saliva of healthy women and men.
Reliability of the urinalysis for predicting urinary tract infections in young febrile children.
Consumption of wholemeal rye bread increases serum concentrations and urinary excretion of enterolactone compared with consumption of white wheat bread in healthy Finnish men and women.
Concentrations and frequencies of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in a Native American population that consumes Great Lakes fish.
Reliability assessment of the bladder diary for urinary incontinence in older women.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations in male Koreans.
Saliva as a medium for investigating intra- and interindividual differences in sex hormone levels in premenopausal women.
The repeatability of serum carotenoid, retinoid, and tocopherol concentrations in specimens of blood collected 15 years apart.
Role of variability in microvascular resistance on fractional flow reserve and coronary blood flow velocity reserve in intermediate coronary lesions.
Influence of sodium intake on the reliability of active renin as a measure of the renin-angiotensin system in essential hypertension.
Association of smoking with serum and dietary levels of antioxidants in adults: NHANES III, 1988-1994.
Effects of PCB 126 on thymocyte surface marker expression and immune organ development in chicken embryos.
Occupational exposure to trihalomethanes in indoor swimming pools.
Beneficial effects of a soy-based dietary supplement on lipid levels and cardiovascular risk markers in type 2 diabetic subjects.
Laser-induced fluorescence detection at 266 nm in capillary electrophoresis. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in biota.
Effects of exposure of lactating female rats to polychlorinated biphenyls (Pcbs) on testis weight, sperm production and sertoli cell numbers in the adult male offspring.
Validation of the inflammatory bowel disease questionnaire in Swedish patients with ulcerative colitis.
Lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum and their relation to age-related maculopathy in the third national health and nutrition examination survey.
Serum biomarker-based validation of a self-administered diet history questionnaire for Japanese subjects.
Prenatal exposure to PCBs and infant performance on the fagan test of infant intelligence.
Plasma fat-soluble vitamin and mineral concentrations in relation to diet in captive pteropodid bats.
Dietary glycemic load assessed by food-frequency questionnaire in relation to plasma high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and fasting plasma triacylglycerols in postmenopausal women.
Glycemic index in the diet of European outpatients with type 1 diabetes: relations to glycated hemoglobin and serum lipids.
Association of folate intake and serum homocysteine in elderly persons according to vitamin supplementation and alcohol use.
Fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum lipids are valid biological markers of dairy fat intake in men.
The variability of compensatory erythropoiesis in repeated autologous blood donation.
Short-term variability in the measurement of plasma homocysteine, fasting and post-methionine loading.
Relation of plasma leptin concentrations to sex, body fat, dietary intake, and peak oxygen uptake in young adult women and men.
Urinary concentrations of trichloroacetic acid in Danish workers exposed to trichloroethylene, 1947-1985.
Dietary and lifestyle factors in relation to plasma leptin concentrations among normal weight and overweight men.
Antibody-mediated immunotoxicity in American kestrels (Falco sparverius) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Valproic acid has temporal variability in urinary clearance of metabolites.
Reliability of spot samples for assessment of urinary excretion of pyridinoline in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and burden of outdoor workers in Budapest.
Associations of blood levels of PCB, HCHS, and HCB with numbers of lymphocyte subpopulations, in vitro lymphocyte response, plasma cytokine levels, and immunoglobulin autoantibodies.
Interspecific variability of prevalence in blood parasites of adult passerine birds during the breeding season in Alaska.
Serum concentrations of beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol are associated with diet, smoking, and general and central adiposity.
Association between urinary potassium, urinary sodium, current diet, and bone density in prepubertal children.
Hemodynamic reproducibility during blood flow measurements of hemodialysis synthetic grafts.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in liver and adipose tissues as postmortem markers for ethanol intake.
High degree of interlaboratory reproducibility of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 protease and reverse transcriptase sequencing of plasma samples from heavily treated patients.
Plasma steroid levels in female flounder (Platichthys flesus) after chronic dietary exposure to single polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Allergen-induced changes in interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) mRNA expression by human blood-derived dendritic cells: inter-individual differences and relevance for sensitization testing.
Effects of short-term in vivo exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers on thyroid hormones and hepatic enzyme activities in weanling rats.
Variability of blood-brain ratios of phenylalanine in typical patients with phenylketonuria.
Dietary fat intake in healthy adolescents: inverse relationships between the estimated intake of saturated fatty acids and serum cholesterol.
PrimeScreen, a brief dietary screening tool: reproducibility and comparability with both a longer food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers.
Associations between dietary intakes and blood cholesterol concentrations at 31 months.
Decreasing the variability observed in urine analysis.
Effect of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls on cognitive development in children: a longitudinal study in Taiwan.
A combination of statistical methods for the analysis of the relative validation data of the quantitative food frequency questionnaire used in the THUSA study. Transition, Health and Urbanisation in South Africa.
Statistical issues in a metaregression analysis of randomized trials: impact on the dietary sodium intake and blood pressure relationship.
Effect of tourniquet pressure and intra-individual variability on plasma fibrinogen, platelet P-selectin and monocyte tissue factor.
Effects of occupation, lifestyle and genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP2E1, GSTM1 and GSTT1 on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations.
Mrp2-deficiency in the rat impairs biliary and intestinal excretion and influences metabolism and disposition of the food-derived carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo.
Effect of dietary selenium source, level, and pig hair color on various selenium indices.
Interobserver and intraobserver reproducibility of peripheral blood and oxygen pressure measurements in the assessment of lower extremity arterial disease.
Relationship between alcohol consumption, ambulatory blood pressure recordings and left ventricular mass.
Magnitude and variability of sequential estradiol and progesterone concentrations in women using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate for contraception.
The effect of supplementary dietary L-carnitine on the growth performance, serum components, carcase traits and enzyme activities in relation to fatty acid beta-oxidation of broiler chickens.
Plasma carotenoids in relation to food consumption in Granada (southern Spain) and Malm (southern Sweden).
Power spectrum analysis of heart rate and blood flow velocity variability measured in the umbilical and uterine arteries in early pregnancy: a comparative study.
Examination of the validity and reliability of the Accusport blood lactate analyser.
Human exposure to PCDD/Fs in the UK: the development of a modelling approach to give historical and future perspectives.
Sequential analysis of hair mercury levels in relation to fish diet of an Amazonian population, Brazil.
Comparison of self-reported alcohol intake with the urinary excretion of 5-hydroxytryptophol:5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid, a biomarker of recent alcohol intake.
Effects of dietary curcumin on glutathione S-transferase and malondialdehyde-DNA adducts in rat liver and colon mucosa: relationship with drug levels.
Time trends in sport-caught Great Lakes fish consumption and serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels among Michigan Anglers, 1973-1993.
Urinary monohydroxylated phenanthrenes and hydroxypyrene--the effects of smoking habits and changes induced by smoking on monooxygenase-mediated metabolism.
No background concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood of rats.
Association between composition of the diet and haemoglobin and ferritin levels in 18-month-old children.
Evaluation of a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire to estimate iodine intake.
In primiparous sows, plasma insulin-like growth factor-I can be affected by lactational feed intake and dietary energy source and is associated with luteinizing hormone.
Characterization of nucleoside and DNA adducts formed by S-(1-acetoxymethyl)glutathione and implications for dihalomethane-glutathione conjugates.
Milk--blood transfer of (14)C-tagged polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in pigs.
Epidemiological assessment of diet: a comparison of a 7-day diary with a food frequency questionnaire using urinary markers of nitrogen, potassium and sodium.
Are coffee and tea consumption associated with urinary tract cancer risk? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Concentration changes for 5 PCDD/F congeners after administration in beef cattle.
Background levels of non-ortho-substituted (coplanar) polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum of Missouri residents.
PCDD and PCDF exposures in workers and controls living near an industrial waste incinerator.
Polychlorinated biphenyl serum levels in pregnant subjects with diabetes.
Inverse correlation between alcohol consumption and lymphocyte levels of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in humans.
Intraobserver reproducibility of Doppler measurements of uterine artery blood flow velocity in premenopausal women.
PCB concentrations and metabolism patterns in common terns (Sterna hirundo) from different breeding colonies in The Netherlands.
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in fish: the influence on local decision making about fish consumption.
Association between B vitamin intake and plasma homocysteine concentration in the general Dutch population aged 20-65 y.
Reliability of homeless women's reports: concordance between hair assay and self report of cocaine use.
High-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in total parenteral nutrition and in plasma.
Reliability and responsiveness of a prostate cancer questionnaire for radiotherapy-induced side effects.
Biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA damage and cigarette smoke exposures in paired maternal and newborn blood samples as a measure of differential susceptibility.
Blood determinations of S-adenosylmethionine, S-adenosylhomocysteine, and homocysteine: correlations with diet.
Relation of serum tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin concentration to diet among veterans in the Air Force Health Study with background-level exposure.
Ethnic and environmental differences in various markers of dietary intake and blood pressure among Chinese Han and three other minority peoples of China: results from the WHO Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study.
O(6)-allyl protected deoxyguanosine adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as building blocks for the synthesis of oligonucleotides.
Reproducibility of ultrasound blood flow measurement of the superior mesenteric artery before and after exercise.
Serum carotenoids as biomarkers of fruit and vegetable consumption in the New York Women's Health Study.
Using isothiocyanate excretion as a biological marker of Brassica vegetable consumption in epidemiological studies: evaluating the sources of variability.
On the isolation of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans from serum samples using immunoaffinity chromatography prior to high-resolution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Biological monitoring the exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of coke oven workers in relation to smoking and genetic polymorphisms for GSTM1 and GSTT1.
Plasma retinol and tocopherol levels in greek elderly population from an urban and a rural area: associations with the dietary habits.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in maternal diet, breast milk, and serum lipid fatty acids of infants in relation to atopy.
Relation between serum insulinlike growth factor-1, insulinlike growth factor binding protein-2, and insulinlike growth factor binding protein-3 and nutritional intake in premature infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Are the proposed limits of energy intake:basal metabolic rate and dietary nitrogen:urinary nitrogen ratios suitable for validation of food intake?
Measurement variability of plasma beta-sitosterol and campesterol, two new biomarkers for cancer prevention.
Changes in serum PBB and PCB levels over time among women of varying ages at exposure.
Alcohol consumption and blood pressure change: 5-year follow-up study of the association in normotensive workers.
Reliability and validity of commercially available, direct radioimmunoassays for measurement of blood androgens and estrogens in postmenopausal women.
Assessing exposure to disinfection by-products in women of reproductive age living in Corpus Christi, Texas, and Cobb county, Georgia: descriptive results and methods.
Impairments of memory and learning in older adults exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls via consumption of Great Lakes fish.
Comparative analysis of PAH:DNA adducts formed in lung of mice exposed to neat coal tar and soils contaminated with coal tar.
Variability in platelet responses to collagen--comparison between whole blood perfusions, traditional platelet function tests and PFA-100.
Blood:air partition coefficients of individual and mixtures of trihalomethanes.
PCBs, TEQs and plasma retinol in grey heron (Ardea cinerea) hatchlings from two rookeries in Norway.
Immune function, hepatic CYP1A, and reproductive biomarker responses in the gulf killifish, Fundulus grandis, during dietary exposures to endocrine disrupters.
A comparison of dietary and non-dietary factors of hypertension and normal blood pressure in a Chinese population.
Quantification of the heterocyclic aromatic amine DNA adduct N-(deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline in livers of rats using capillary liquid chromatography/microelectrospray mass spectrometry: a dose-response study.
Association of self-reported diseases and health care use with commonly used laboratory markers for alcohol consumption.
Use of biological markers to validate self-reported dietary intake in a random sample of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer United Kingdom Norfolk cohort.
Urinary cadmium elimination as a biomarker of exposure for evaluating a cadmium dietary exposure--biokinetics model.
Cardiovascular regulation in TGR(mREN2)27 rats: 24h variation in plasma catecholamines, angiotensin peptides, and telemetric heart rate variability.
Nelfinavir plasma levels under twice-daily and three-times-daily regimens: high interpatient and low intrapatient variability.
Single measurement of serum phospholipid fatty acid as a biomarker of specific fatty acid intake in middle-aged Japanese men.
U.S. dietary exposures to heterocyclic amines.
Personal exposures to PM(2.5) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their relationship to environmental tobacco smoke at two locations in Greece.
Further studies of blood levels of some tumor markers in the area polluted by polychlorinated biphenyls and control population.
Effects of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on thyroid hormone and vitamin A levels in rats and mice.
The Incontinence Impact Questionnaire and the Urogenital Distress Inventory: a revisit of their validity in women without a urodynamic diagnosis.
Neurobehavioral deficits associated with PCB in 7-year-old children prenatally exposed to seafood neurotoxicants.
Simultaneous analysis of the di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites 2-ethylhexanoic acid, 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid in urine by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Validation of a computer version of the patient-administered Danish prostatic symptom score questionnaire.
DNA adduct formation and DNA strand breaks in green-lipped mussels (Perna viridis) exposed to benzo[a]pyrene: dose- and time-dependent relationships.
Dehalogenation of dichloromethane by dichloromethane dehalogenase/glutathione S-transferase leads to formation of DNA adducts.
Effects of pre- and postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure on metabolic rate and thyroid hormones of white-footed mice.
Leptin levels are associated with fat oxidation and dietary-induced weight loss in obesity.
Effects of alcohol consumption on indices of iron stores and of iron stores on alcohol intake markers.
Variability of splanchnic blood flow in patients with sepsis.
Blood lipids of young distance runners: distribution and inter-relationships among training volume, peak oxygen consumption, and body fatness.
Comparison of CALUX-TEQ values with PCB and PCDD/F measurements in human serum of the Flanders Environmental and Health Study (FLEHS).
Inter- and intra-individual sources of variation in levels of urinary styrene metabolites.
Analysis of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as possible markers of chronically elevated alcohol consumption by headspace solid-phase microextraction (HS-SPME) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS).
A critical evaluation of the application of biomarkers in epidemiological studies on diet and health.
Vitamin D status and its adequacy in healthy Danish perimenopausal women: relationships to dietary intake, sun exposure and serum parathyroid hormone.
Biomarkers for exposure to dietary flavonoids: a review of the current evidence for identification of quercetin glycosides in plasma.
Is there a relationship between plasma phenylalanine and cholesterol in phenylketonuric patients under dietary treatment?
Population-based study of alpha- and gamma-tocopherol in plasma and adipose tissue as biomarkers of intake in Costa Rican adults.
Inverse association between dietary and serum conjugated linoleic acid and risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Low dietary zinc alters indices of copper function and status in postmenopausal women.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tissue sections.
Biomarkers of genotoxicity of air pollution (the AULIS project): bulky DNA adducts in subjects with moderate to low exposures to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their relationship to environmental tobacco smoke and other parameters.
Fat content of the diet among preschool children in southwest Britain: II. relationship with growth, blood lipids, and iron status.
The role of human glutathione S-transferases (hGSTs) in the detoxification of the food-derived carcinogen metabolite N-acetoxy-PhIP, and the effect of a polymorphism in hGSTA1 on colorectal cancer risk.
On the correlation between individual biochemical parameters of human blood serum following space flight and their basal values.
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls Aroclor 1016 or 1254 did not alter brain catecholamines nor delayed alternation performance in Long-Evans rats.
Biomarkers of genotoxicity of urban air pollution. Overview and descriptive data from a molecular epidemiology study on populations exposed to moderate-to-low levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: the AULIS project.
Reliability of delayed prothrombin time INR determinations in a central laboratory using off-site blood sampling.
Reliability of cerebral blood flow measurements by transcerebral double-indicator dilution technique.
Reliability and validity of the General Health Questionnaire (GHQ-12) among urological patients: a Malaysian study.
Ocular blood flow tonometer reproducibility: the effect of operator experience and mode of application.
Environmental exposure of small children to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Variability in aflatoxin-albumin adduct levels and effects of hepatitis B and C virus infection and glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 genotype.
Markers of high fish intake are associated with decreased risk of a first myocardial infarction.
Dietary assessment in Whitehall II: comparison of 7 d diet diary and food-frequency questionnaire and validity against biomarkers.
Soya intake and plasma concentrations of daidzein and genistein: validity of dietary assessment among eighty British women (Oxford arm of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition).
Validity and reproducibility of ultrasonography for the measurement of intra-abdominal adipose tissue.
The risk of endometriosis and exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls: a case-control study of infertile women.
Concentration of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo(4,5-b)pyridine (PhIP) in urine and alkali-hydrolyzed urine after consumption of charbroiled beef.
Validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire to assess isoflavone intake in a japanese population in comparison with dietary records and blood and urine isoflavones.
Very-long-chain omega-3 fatty acids as markers for habitual fish intake in a population consuming mainly lean fish: the EPIC cohort of Gipuzkoa. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Giessen Wholesome Nutrition Study: relation between a health-conscious diet and blood lipids.
Evaluation of dietary assessment instruments against doubly labeled water, a biomarker of habitual energy intake.
Alternative high-performance liquid chromatographic assay for p-aminohippuric acid (PAH): effect of aging on PAH excretion in the isolated perfused rat kidney.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers relative to exposure, alcohol consumption, and metabolic enzymes.
Alcohol drinkers overreport their energy intake in the BIRNH study: evaluation by 24-hour urinary excretion of cations. Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
Variability of viral load in plasma of rhesus monkeys inoculated with simian immunodeficiency virus or simian-human immunodeficiency virus: implications for using nonhuman primate AIDS models to test vaccines and therapeutics.
Weight of evidence for an association between adverse reproductive and developmental effects and exposure to disinfection by-products: a critical review.
Comparison of expression of apoptosis regulatory proteins in the adipose tissue of tumor-bearing and diet-restricted rabbits.
Sodium is the leading dietary factor associated with urinary calcium excretion in Hong Kong Chinese adults.
Reproducibility of blood lactate-anchored ratings of perceived exertion.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP2E1, GSTM1, and GSTT1 on the urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol in aircraft maintenance workers.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls and methylmercury exposure in inuit women of childbearing age.
Doppler sonographic measurements of arterial blood flow and their repeatability in the equine foot during weight bearing and non-weight bearing.
Inter- and intraindividual variability of riluzole serum concentrations in patients with ALS.
Induction of DNA-strand breaks in human peripheral blood lymphocytes and A549 lung cells by sodium dichromate: association with 8-oxo-2-deoxyguanosine formation and inter-individual variability.
Site-specific differences in the fatty acid composition of abdominal adipose tissue in an obese population from a Mediterranean area: relation with dietary fatty acids, plasma lipid profile, serum insulin, and central obesity.
Relation between dietary linolenic acid and coronary artery disease in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Synthesis of hydroxylated PCB metabolites with the Suzuki-coupling.
Levels of ochratoxin A in blood from Norwegian and Swedish blood donors and their possible correlation with food consumption.
Intra-individual variability in nighttime urine production and functional bladder capacity estimated by home recordings in patients with nocturnal enuresis.
Biological monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in subjects living in the vicinity of a creosote impregnation plant.
Reproducibility of the brain perfusion index for measuring cerebral blood flow using technetium-99m compounds.
Identification of hydroxylated PCB metabolites and other phenolic halogenated pollutants in human blood plasma.
PAH-DNA adducts in a petrol refinery in Egypt.
Breast-feeding among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls in Michigan.
Influence of dietary fatty acid composition on the relationship between CETP activity and plasma lipoproteins in monkeys.
Use of quality control indices in moderately hypocaloric Mediterranean diet for treatment of obesity.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and quality of the home environment: effects on psychodevelopment in early childhood.
Detection of antibodies to the benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-DNA adducts in sera from individuals exposed to low doses of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as markers of alcohol consumption. Segmental hair analysis of alcoholics, social drinkers, and teetotalers.
Relation between dietary intake, serum concentrations, and retinal concentrations of lutein and zeaxanthin in adults in a Midwest population.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma among Swedish female fish consumers in relation to time to pregnancy.
Residue levels of DDE and PCBs in the blood serum of women in the Port Said region of Egypt.
Variability in urinary excretion of bone resorption markers: limitations of a single determination in clinical practice.
Retinoic acid metabolites in plasma are higher after intake of liver paste compared with a vitamin A supplement in women.
Implication of co-measured platelet factor 4 in the reliability of the results of the plasma transforming growth factor-beta 1 measurement.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and relations to fatty acid composition in the diet and in serum cholesterol esters.
Assessment of questionnaire validity for measuring total fat intake using plasma lipid levels as criteria.
Application of the method of triads to evaluate the performance of food frequency questionnaires and biomarkers as indicators of long-term dietary intake.
Genetic variability of the V1 and V2 env domains of SIVcpz-ant and neutralization pattern of plasma viruses in a chimpanzee infected naturally.
Testing the reliability of noninvasive genetic sampling by comparing analyses of blood and fecal samples in Barbary macaques (Macaca sylvanus).
Reproducibility of T2* blood volume and vascular tortuosity maps in cerebral gliomas.
The effects of PCB exposure and fish consumption on endogenous hormones.
Blood volume and its relation to peak O(2) consumption and physical activity in patients with chronic fatigue.
Liver and adipose tissue fatty acid ethyl esters obtained at autopsy are postmortem markers for premortem ethanol intake.
High-meat, low-carbohydrate diet in pregnancy: relation to adult blood pressure in the offspring.
A biomarker approach to measuring human dietary exposure to certain phthalate diesters.
Urinary biomarkers for assessing dietary exposure to caffeine.
Monitoring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in human urine: extraction and purification with a sol-gel glass immunosorbent.
Variability in cimetidine absorption and plasma double peaks following oral administration in the fasted state in humans: correlation with antral gastric motility.
Estimation and validation of mercury intake associated with fish consumption in an EPIC cohort of Spain.
Biliary PAH metabolites and EROD activity in flounder (Platichthys flesus) from a contaminated estuarine environment.
Blood pressure in relation to dietary calcium intake, alcohol consumption, blood lead, and blood cadmium in female nonsmokers.
Parental concentration of dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene and polychlorinated biphenyls in Michigan fish eaters and sex ratio in offspring.
Assessment and recommendations on factors contributing to preanalytical variability of urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline.
Effects of maternal exposure to a reconstituted mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls on sex-dependent behaviors and steroid hormone concentrations in rats: dose-response relationship.
Influence of GSTM1 genotype on association between aromatic DNA adducts and urinary PAH metabolites in incineration workers.
Validation of energy intake measurements determined from observer-recorded food records and recall methods compared with the doubly labeled water method in overweight and obese individuals.
Validity of reported energy expenditure and energy and protein intakes in Swedish adolescent vegans and omnivores.
The optimal timing of blood collection during the menstrual cycle for the assessment of endogenous sex hormones: can interindividual differences in levels over the whole cycle be assessed on a single day?
Childhood growth and exposure to dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Effects of prenatal PCB and dioxin background exposure on cognitive and motor abilities in Dutch children at school age.
DNA adduction by polychlorinated biphenyls: adducts derived from hepatic microsomal activation and from synthetic metabolites.
Clinical and dietary indicators associated with uremic status in hospitalized dialysis patients.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in small-size serum samples by solid-phase extraction followed by gas chromatography with micro-electron-capture detection.
Variability in glucose transporter-1 levels and hexokinase activity in human melanoma.
Different effects on human topoisomerase I by minor groove and intercalated deoxyguanosine adducts derived from two polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxides at or near a normal cleavage site.
Assessing exposure in epidemiologic studies to disinfection by-products in drinking water: report from an international workshop.
Alterations in ovarian follicular progesterone secretion by elevated exposures to the drinking water disinfection by-product dibromoacetic acid: examination of the potential site(s) of impact along the steroidogenic pathway.
Plasma sialic-acid index of apolipoprotein J (SIJ): a new alcohol intake marker.
Increased plasma morphine metabolites in terminally ill cancer patients with delirium: an intra-individual comparison.
Partition coefficients for the trihalomethanes among blood, urine, water, milk and air.
A cross-sectional study on association of calcium intake with blood pressure in Japanese population.
Results of the 1999-2000 collaborative exercise and proficiency testing program on mitochondrial DNA of the GEP-ISFG: an inter-laboratory study of the observed variability in the heteroplasmy level of hair from the same donor.
The effect of relevant genotypes on PAH exposure-related biomarkers.
Relation between a diet with a high glycemic load and plasma concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in middle-aged women.
Variability of cerebral blood volume and oxygen extraction: stages of cerebral haemodynamic impairment revisited.
A method for estimating within-patient variability in maximal urinary flow rate adjusted for voided volume.
Exposure to genotoxins present in ambient air in Bangkok, Thailand--particle associated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and biomarkers.
Residuals of beta-hexachlorocyclohexane, dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, and hexachlorobenzene in serum, and relations with consumption of dietary components in rural residents in Japan.
Spermaturia and serum hormone concentrations at the age of puberty in boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
A valid food frequency questionnaire for measuring dietary fish intake.
Negligible changes in piglet serum clinical indicators or organ weights due to dietary single-cell long-chain polyunsaturated oils.
Correlates of plasma homocysteine, cysteine and cysteinyl-glycine in respondents in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of young people aged 4-18 years, and a comparison with the survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Overnight urinary isoflavone excretion in a population of women living in the United States, and its relationship to isoflavone intake.
Ethyl glucuronide-a biological marker for recent alcohol consumption.
The food intake recording software system is valid among fourth-grade children.
The relative validity of a short Dutch questionnaire as a means to categorize adults and adolescents to total and saturated fat intake.
Biological variability in serum and urinary indices of bone formation and resorption in dogs.
Association of changes in the pattern of urinary calculi in Taiwanese with diet habit change between 1956 and 1999.
Relationship between fasting and day-long plasma glucose concentrations in diet-treated patients with type 2 diabetes.
Plasma concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and the risk of breast cancer: a congener-specific analysis.
Inverse relationship between urinary markers of animal protein intake and blood pressure in Chinese: results from the WHO Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study.
The n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids in pregnant women and their infants. relationship with maternal linoleic acid intake.
Human exposure to heterocyclic amine food mutagens/carcinogens: relevance to breast cancer.
Molecular epidemiologic studies of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and breast cancer.
Reliability of serial urine HCG as a biomarker to detect early pregnancy loss.
Distribution and determinants of trihalomethane concentrations in indoor swimming pools.
Influence of polymorphism of GSTM1 gene on association between glycophorin a mutant frequency and urinary PAH metabolites in incineration workers.
Human blood and environmental media screening method for pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyl compounds using liquid extraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis.
Reliability and validity of day-to-day blood flow velocity reactivity in a single subject: an fTCD study.
Quantification of monohydroxy-PAH metabolites in urine by solid-phase extraction with isotope dilution-GC-MS.
The association between biomarker-based exposure estimates for phthalates and demographic factors in a human reference population.
Pentachlorophenol and hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites in umbilical cord plasma of neonates from coastal populations in Qubec.
Fluctuations in human milk long-chain PUFA levels in relation to dietary fish intake.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in liver tissues of hepatocellular carcinoma patients and controls.
Sulfhydryl binding and topoisomerase inhibition by PCB metabolites.
EROD activity, serum SDH and PAH biliary metabolites in sand flathead (Platycephalus bassensis) collected in Port Phillip Bay, Australia.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in police in Florence, Italy, through personal air sampling and biological monitoring of the urinary metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene.
CCR2 and CCR5 genotypes in HIV type 1-infected adolescents: limited contributions to variability in plasma HIV type 1 RNA concentration in the absence of antiretroviral therapy.
A novel bioassay for human somatogenic activity in serum samples supports the clinical reliability of immunoassays.
Susceptibility factors and DNA adducts in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of aluminium smelter workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
How dietary phosphate, renal failure and calcitriol administration affect the serum calcium-phosphate relationship in the rat.
Ambient and biological monitoring of coke plant workers -- determination of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Pedigree-based quantitative genetic analysis of interindividual variation in circulating levels of IGFBP-3.
Serum cholesterol levels in children are associated with dietary fat and fatty acid intake.
Decreased food intake rather than zinc deficiency is associated with changes in plasma leptin, metabolic rate, and activity levels in zinc deficient rats( small star, filled).
Continuous measurement of cerebral blood flow velocity using transcranial Doppler reveals significant moment-to-moment variability of data in healthy volunteers and in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Soy product intake and serum isoflavonoid and estradiol concentrations in relation to bone mineral density in postmenopausal Japanese women.
Circulating lysozyme and hepatic CYP1A activities during a chronic dietary exposure to tributyltin (TBT) and 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB-126) mixtures in channel catfish, Ictalurus punctatus.
Levels of dioxins and dibenzofurans in breast milk of women residing in two cities in the Irkutsk Region of Russian Siberia compared with American levels.
Quantitative determination of 1 -hydroxypyrene in bovine urine samples using high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence and mass spectrometric detection.
Derivative matrix isopotential synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy for the direct determination of 1-hydroxypyrene as a urinary biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Comparison of trihalomethanes in tap water and blood.
Comparing electron ionization high-resolution and electron capture low-resolution mass spectrometric determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in plasma, serum and milk.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and tetrabromobisphenol A among computer technicians.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) intake assessment and possible biomarkers of CLA intake in young women.
Detailed study on the levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in Yusho rice oil.
Validation and calibration of food-frequency questionnaire measurements in the Northern Sweden Health and Disease cohort.
Reproducibility of urinary phthalate metabolites in first morning urine samples.
Effects of alcohol consumption on eight circulating markers of liver fibrosis.
Effect of diet on cancer development: is oxidative DNA damage a biomarker?
Association of dietary fatty acids with urinary oxalate excretion in calcium oxalate stone-formers in their fourth decade.
Evaluation of dietary intake of vitamin E in the treatment of atopic dermatitis: a study of the clinical course and evaluation of the immunoglobulin E serum levels.
Flavonoids in human urine as biomarkers for intake of fruits and vegetables.
Development of a chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Determination of endocrine-disrupting pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by GC-ECD and GC-MS-MS and evaluation of contributions to the uncertainty of the results.
Development and validation of a questionnaire for the assessment of bowel and lower urinary tract symptoms in women.
Oxidation of 5'-site guanine at GG and GGG sequences induced by a metabolite of carcinogenic heterocyclic amine PhIP in the presence of Cu(II) and NADH.
Effects of aqua-treadmill exercise on selected blood parameters and on heart-rate variability of horses.
Dietary conjugated linolenic acid in relation to CLA differently modifies body fat mass and serum and liver lipid levels in rats.
Alu insertions versus blood group plus protein genetic variability in four Amerindian populations.
Quantitative detection of trichloroacetic acid in human urine using isotope dilution high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry.
Reliability of MR imaging-based virtual cystoscopy in the diagnosis of cancer of the urinary bladder.
High variability between results of different in-house tests for cytomegalovirus (CMV) monitoring and a standardized quantitative plasma CMV PCR assay.
The impact of angiotensin II receptor blockade and the DASH diet on markers of endogenous fibrinolysis.
Effects of gender, diet, exogenous melatonin and subchronic PCB exposure on plasma immunoglobulin G in mink.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in serum samples of workers at intermittently burning municipal waste incinerators in Japan.
Dietary monoglutamate and polyglutamate folate are associated with plasma folate concentrations in Dutch men and women aged 20-65 years.
Serum beta-glucuronidase activity is inversely associated with plant-food intakes in humans.
Reproducibility of hemispheric blood flow increases during line bisectioning.
Immunologic biomarkers in relation to exposure markers of PCBs and dioxins in Flemish adolescents (Belgium).
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and placental CYP1A1 activity in Inuit women from northern Qubec.
Green tea extract only affects markers of oxidative status postprandially: lasting antioxidant effect of flavonoid-free diet.
Validation of a short food frequency questionnaire to assess folate intake.
Plasma phylloquinone (vitamin K1) concentration and its relationship to intake in a national sample of British elderly people.
Biomarkers of exposure to heterocyclic amines: approaches to improve the exposure assessment.
Reproducibility of the blood lactate threshold, 4 mmol.l(-1) marker, heart rate and ratings of perceived exertion during incremental treadmill exercise in humans.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of internal dose of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in carbon black workers.
High-dose CD34+ cells are not clinically relevant in reducing cytopenia and blood component consumption following myeloablative therapy and peripheral blood progenitor cell transplantation as compared with standard dose.
Individual carotenoid concentrations in adipose tissue and plasma as biomarkers of dietary intake.
Selection of relevant dietary indicators for health.
Preparation of samples for gas chromatography/mass spectrometry analysis of phthalate and adipate esters in plasma and beverages by steam distillation and extraction.
Dietary carbohydrate's effects on lipogenesis and the relationship of lipogenesis to blood insulin and glucose concentrations.
Soy milk intake in relation to serum sex hormone levels in British men.
A ketogenic diet favorably affects serum biomarkers for cardiovascular disease in normal-weight men.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides are eliminated from therapeutic Factor VIII and immunoglobulin concentrates and reduced in albumin by plasma fractionation.
Impact of the variability of cyclosporin A trough levels on long-term renal allograft function.
Highly increased urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion rate in patients with atopic dermatitis treated with topical coal tar.
Reproducibility of total cerebral blood flow measurements using phase contrast magnetic resonance imaging.
Reproducibility of left ventricular mass measurement using a half-Fourier black-blood single-shot fast spin-echo sequence within a single breath hold: comparison with a conventional multiple breath-hold segmented gradient echo technique in patients.
Urinary level of 1,N(6) -ethenodeoxyadenosine, a marker of oxidative stress, is associated with salt excretion and omega 6-polyunsaturated fatty acid intake in postmenopausal Japanese women.
An experimental test of the relationship between temporal variability of feeding opportunities and baseline levels of corticosterone in a shorebird.
Observer experience improves reproducibility of color Doppler sonography of orbital blood vessels.
Determinants of serum polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides measured in women from the child health and development study cohort, 1963-1967.
Trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to disinfection by-products in drinking water: a human exposure trial in Adelaide, Australia.
Effect of genetic background and diet on plasma fibrinogen in mice. Possible relation with susceptibility to atherosclerosis.
Validity and reliability of an interviewer-administered questionnaire to measure the severity of lower urinary tract symptoms of storage abnormality: the Leicester Urinary Symptom Questionnaire.
Biomonitoring of tobacco smoke carcinogenicity by dosimetry of DNA adducts and genotyping and phenotyping of biotransformational enzymes: a review on polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Comparative responsiveness of hypothyroxinemia and hepatic enzyme induction in Long-Evans rats versus C57BL/6J mice exposed to TCDD-like and phenobarbital-like polychlorinated biphenyl congeners.
Variability in the magnitude of the cerebral blood flow response and the shape of the cerebral blood flow-pressure autoregulation curve during hypotension in normal rats [corrected].
Covalent binding of PCB metabolites to lipids: route of formation and characterization.
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for androgen assays of male plasma hormone levels.
Pregnancy and lactation affect markers of calcium and bone metabolism differently in adolescent and adult women with low calcium intakes.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene in rats subchronically exposed to pyrene or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures.
Biological markers of alcohol consumption in nondrinkers, drinkers, and alcohol-dependent Brazilian patients.
The ethanol conjugate ethyl glucuronide is a useful marker of recent alcohol consumption.
Steady-state concentration of venlafaxine enantiomers: model-based analysis of between-patient variability.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection using a deuterated internal standard.
Inter-individual variation, seasonal variation and close correlation of OGG1 and ERCC1 mRNA levels in full blood from healthy volunteers.
Analysis of pesticides and PCB congeners in serum by GC/MS with SPE sample cleanup.
Comparison of urinary bromide levels among people in East Asia, and the effects of dietary intakes of cereals and marine products.
Relationship of dietary intake of fish and non-fish selenium to serum lipids in Japanese rural coastal community.
Serum sialic acid as a marker of alcohol consumption: effect of liver disease and heavy drinking.
Relative cerebral blood volume measurements in intracranial mass lesions: interobserver and intraobserver reproducibility study.
Thyroid hormone suppression and cell-mediated immunomodulation in American kestrels (Falco sparverius) exposed to PCBs.
Instability and variability of urinary telopeptides and free crosslinks.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites and PCBs in serum from pregnant Faroese women.
Psychometric validation of an overactive bladder symptom and health-related quality of life questionnaire: the OAB-q.
Inter-test reliability of the anti-RESA indices based on ELISA tests using eluates from whole blood spots dried on filter paper.
Calcium intake in relation to diet and health indicators in Cretan primary and high school pupils, Greece.
Heterocyclic aromatic amine metabolism, DNA adduct formation, mutagenesis, and carcinogenesis.
Cerebral blood flow changes in depressed patients after treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: evidence of individual variability.
Intra- and interindividual variations in urinary concentrations of endogenous gamma-hydroxybutyrate.
Relation between myocardial oxygen consumption and myocardial blood volume: a study using myocardial contrast echocardiography.
Exocyclic DNA adducts as oxidative stress markers in colon carcinogenesis: potential role of lipid peroxidation, dietary fat and antioxidants.
Persistent organochlorine pollutants in human serum of 50-65 years old women in the Flanders Environmental and Health Study (FLEHS). Part 2: Correlations among PCBs, PCDD/PCDFs and the use of predictive markers.
Reliability of perfusion MR imaging in symptomatic carotid occlusive disease. Cerebral blood volume, mean transit time and time-to-peak.
Plasma Membrane Lipids Associated with Genetic Variability in Freezing Tolerance and Cold Acclimation of Solanum Species.
Direct quantification of human serum albumin in human blood serum without separation of gamma-globulin by the total internal reflected resonance light scattering of thorium-sodium dodecylbenzene sulfonate at water/tetrachloromethane interface.
Dietary vitamin C supplementation decreases blood pressure in DOCA-salt hypertensive male Sprague-Dawley rats and this is associated with increased liver oxidative stress.
Relationship between diet and blood pressure in a representative Mediterranean population.
Polymorphisms in the DNA repair enzyme XPD are associated with increased levels of PAH-DNA adducts in a case-control study of breast cancer.
Adipose tissue biomarkers of fatty acid intake.
Analysis of total meat intake and exposure to individual heterocyclic amines in a case-control study of colorectal cancer: contribution of metabolic variation to risk.
Plasma concentrations of the enantiomers of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine: sources of variability and preliminary observations on relations with clinical response.
Effects of perinatal exposure to PCBs and dioxins on play behavior in Dutch children at school age.
A rapid screening method for routine congener-specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by high-resolution gas chromatography with mass spectrometric detection.
Randomized clinical trial of total vs. subtotal hysterectomy: validity of the trial questionnaire.
Frequent intake of tropical fruits that are rich in beta-cryptoxanthin is associated with higher plasma beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations in Costa Rican adolescents.
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
Determination of selected monohydroxy metabolites of 2-, 3- and 4-ring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine by solid-phase microextraction and isotope dilution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Biological monitoring of workers exposed to dichloromethane, using head-space gas chromatography.
Pharmacokinetics of tea catechins after ingestion of green tea and (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate by humans: formation of different metabolites and individual variability.
Comparison of the effects of dietary saturated, mono-, and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on blood lipid profile, oxidant stress, prostanoid synthesis and aortic histology in rabbits.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants in animals representing different trophic levels of the North Sea food Web.
Increasing plasma potassium with amiloride shortens the QT interval and reduces ventricular extrasystoles but does not change endothelial function or heart rate variability in chronic heart failure.
Test-retest reliability, validity, and sensitivity to change of the urogenital distress inventory and the incontinence impact questionnaire.
Relationship between serum hormone concentrations, reproductive history, alcohol consumption and genetic polymorphisms in pre-menopausal women.
Effect of CYP1A2 deficiency on heterocyclic amine DNA adduct levels in mice.
Metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in human liver and adipose tissue.
Fasting plasma concentrations of selected flavonoids as markers of their ordinary dietary intake.
Evaluation of mitogen-induced responses in marine mammal and human lymphocytes by in-vitro exposure of butyltins and non-ortho coplanar PCBs.
Validation of a soy food frequency questionnaire with plasma concentrations of isoflavones in US adults.
Cytochrome P450 1B1 mRNA levels in peripheral blood cells and exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Chinese coke oven workers.
High intakes of vegetables, berries, and apples combined with a high intake of linoleic or oleic acid only slightly affect markers of lipid peroxidation and lipoprotein metabolism in healthy subjects.
Inverse association between the effect of carbohydrates on blood glucose and subsequent short-term food intake in young men.
Relations between various measures of iodine intake and thyroid volume, thyroid nodularity, and serum thyroglobulin.
Exposure of garbage truck drivers and maintenance personnel at a waste handling centre to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons derived from diesel exhaust.
Determination of urinary t-t muconic acid as biomarker of environmental benzene intake and its interference factors.
A non-destructive assessment of the exposure of crabs to PAH using ELISA analyses of their urine and haemolymph.
Effect of tibolone administration on heart rate variability and free fatty acid levels in postmenopausal women.
Accuracy of quantity-frequency and graduated frequency questionnaires in measuring alcohol intake: comparison with daily diary and commonly used laboratory markers.
Investigation of the relation between self-reported food consumption and household chemical exposures with urinary levels of selected nonpersistent pesticides.
Polychlorinated biphenyls alter extraneuronal but not tissue dopamine concentrations in adult rat striatum: an in vivo microdialysis study.
Dietary low linolenic acid compared with docosahexaenoic acid alter synaptic plasma membrane phospholipid fatty acid composition and sodium-potassium ATPase kinetics in developing rats.
Dose-response relationship between total cadmium intake calculated from the cadmium concentration in rice collected from each household of farmers and renal dysfunction in inhabitants of the Jinzu River basin, Japan.
The associations of diet with serum insulin-like growth factor I and its main binding proteins in 292 women meat-eaters, vegetarians, and vegans.
Human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in a residential community.
Inhibition of oocyte development in Japanese medaka (Oryzias latipes) exposed to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Tissue distribution and half-lives of individual polychlorinated biphenyls and serum levels of 4-hydroxy-2,3,3',4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl in the rat.
Validity and reliability of a work history questionnaire derived from the Job Content Questionnaire.
Distribution of PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in umbilical cord and maternal serum.
Dietary and plasma lipid, lipoprotein, and apolipoprotein profiles among elderly Hispanics and non-Hispanics and their association with diabetes.
A wide interindividual variability of urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to free cortisol in 487 healthy Japanese subjects in near basal condition.
Epidemiological evidence of the association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure: a meta-analysis of published data.
Plasma and dietary vitamin E in relation to incidence of type 2 diabetes: The Insulin Resistance and Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS).
Reduction of blood glucose variability in type 1 diabetic patients treated by pancreatic islet transplantation: interest of continuous glucose monitoring.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-inducible DNA adducts: evidence by 32P-postlabeling and use of knockout mice for Ah receptor-independent mechanisms of metabolic activation in vivo.
Effect of the dietary exposure of rat to di(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate on their metabolic efficiency.
Fatty acid ethyl esters: toxic non-oxidative metabolites of ethanol and markers of ethanol intake.
Cadmium in blood and urine--impact of sex, age, dietary intake, iron status, and former smoking--association of renal effects.
The importance of plasma apolipoprotein E concentration in addition to its common polymorphism on inter-individual variation in lipid levels: results from Apo Europe.
Influence of alcohol consumption on the association between serum lipids and colorectal adenomas.
Types of dietary fat and soy minimally affect hormones and biomarkers associated with breast cancer risk in premenopausal women.
Twenty-four-hour blood pressure among Greenlanders and Danes: relationship to diet and lifestyle.
Generation of free radicals and induction of DNA adducts by activation of heterocyclic aromatic amines via different metabolic pathways in vitro.
Semiquantitation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human esophagus by immunohistochemistry and the automated cellular imaging system.
Influence of reporting error on the relation between blood folate concentrations and reported folic acid-containing dietary supplement use among reproductive-aged women in the United States.
1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in boilermakers.
Prevalence and genomic variability of transfusion transmitted virus in Italian cryptogenic chronic liver disease and healthy blood donors.
On-line clean-up by multidimensional liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry for high throughput quantification of primary and secondary phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Novel markers of susceptibility to carcinogens in diet: associations with colorectal cancer.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in workers exposed to coke oven emissions at various locations in a coke oven plant.
Palladium-catalyzed synthesis of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxide-nucleoside adducts: the first amination of a chloro nucleoside.
Regional variations of blood pressure in the United States are associated with regional variations in dietary intakes: the NHANES-III data.
Comparison of polychlorinated biphenyl levels across studies of human neurodevelopment.
Comparison of dioxin and PCB concentrations in human breast milk samples from Hong Kong and the Netherlands.
Muscle insulin binding and plasma levels in relation to liver glucokinase activity, glucose metabolism and dietary carbohydrates in rainbow trout.
European Concerted Action on Anticoagulation (ECAA): International Normalized Ratio variability of CoaguChek and TAS point-of-care testing whole blood prothrombin time monitors.
Assessment of health effects in New York City firefighters after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs): the Staten Island Transformer Fire Health Surveillance Project.
Correlation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol with total suspended particulates in ambient air in municipal middle-school students in Korea.
Reproducibility of the blood flow index as noninvasive, bedside estimation of cerebral blood flow.
Human skin condition and its associations with nutrient concentrations in serum and diet.
Polybrominated biphenyl exposure and benign breast disease in a cohort of US women.
Dietary supplements of soya flour lower serum testosterone concentrations and improve markers of oxidative stress in men.
Quantitative intra-individual monitoring of BCR-ABL transcript levels in archival bone marrow trephines of patients with chronic myeloid leukemia.
Effects of dietary alpha-linolenic acid from blended oils on biochemical indices of coronary heart disease in Indians.
Associations between regional differences in polychlorinated biphenyls and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene in blood of nestling bald eagles and reproductive productivity.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls among raccoons (Procyon lotor) at the paducah gaseous diffusion plant, Western Kentucky, USA.
Differential apolipoprotein(a) isoform expression in heterozygosity is an independent contributor to lipoprotein(a) levels variability.
Intra-individual variations of fasting plasma lipids, apolipoproteins and postprandial lipemia in familial combined hyperlipidemia compared to controls.
Comparison of adipose tissue fatty acids with dietary fatty acids as measured by 24-hour recall and food frequency questionnaire in Black and White Adventists: the Adventist Health Study.
LC-MS and NMR determination of a dichloromethane artifact adduct, cyproheptadine chloromethochloride.
Evaluation of day-to-day variability of serial blood glucose concentration curves in diabetic dogs.
Reliability of quantitative reverse-transcriptase-PCR-based detection of tumour cells in the blood between different laboratories using a standardised protocol.
Exposure to Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in humans during pregnancy. A preliminary report.
Urinary excretion of dithiocarbamates and self-reported Cruciferous vegetable intake: application of the 'method of triads' to a food-specific biomarker.
Dietary risk markers that contribute to the aetiology of hypertension in black South African children: the THUSA BANA study.
Interaction of body mass index and attempt to lose weight in a national sample of US adults: association with reported food and nutrient intake, and biomarkers.
Validation of energy intake estimated from a food frequency questionnaire: a doubly labelled water study.
Relationship of urinary sodium/potassium excretion and calcium intake to blood pressure and prevalence of hypertension among older Chinese vegetarians.
Relationship between methylmalonic acid, homocysteine, vitamin B12 intake and status and socio-economic indices, in a subset of participants in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over.
Urinary levels of trichloroacetic acid, a disinfection by-product in chlorinated drinking water, in a human reference population.
Ureteral stent symptom questionnaire: development and validation of a multidimensional quality of life measure.
Association of alcohol consumption with total serum immunoglobulin E levels and allergic sensitization in an adult population-based survey.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human sperm as a marker of DNA damage and infertility.
Association of hepatitis virus infection, alcohol consumption and plasma vitamin A levels with urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in chemical workers.
Validation of the short form of the Spanish Hypertension Quality of Life Questionnaire (MINICHAL).
Evaluation of a childhood lead questionnaire in predicting elevated blood lead levels in a rural community.
Attenuated growth of breast-fed children exposed to increased concentrations of methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Interindividual dose/concentration relationship for methadone in hair.
Effect of hair care and hair cosmetics on the concentrations of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as markers of chronically elevated alcohol consumption.
Assessment of normal variability in peripheral blood gene expression.
A single site-specific trans-opened 7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene 7,8-diol 9,10-epoxide N2-deoxyguanosine adduct induces mutations at multiple sites in DNA.
Prostate-specific antigen in nipple aspiration fluid: menstrual cycle variability and correlation with serum prostate-specific antigen.
Identification of a toxic mechanism of the plasticizers, phtahlic acid esters, which are putative endocrine disrupters: time-dependent increase in quinolinic acid and its metabolites in rats fed di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Effect of trihalomethane exposure on fetal development.
Validation of a soy food-frequency questionnaire and evaluation of correlates of plasma isoflavone concentrations in postmenopausal women.
Arachidonic acid status during pregnancy is associated with polychlorinated biphenyl exposure.
Variability of total phenytoin serum concentrations within elderly nursing home residents.
Association of alcohol consumption with white blood cell count: a study of Japanese male office workers.
High variability of plasma drug concentrations in dual protease inhibitor regimens.
Variability in brain and arterial blood temperatures in free-ranging ostriches in their natural habitat.
The changes of T-PAH levels and health status of mussels in Izmit bay (Turkey) after Marmara earthquake and subsequent refinery fire.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire in preschool children.
Column-switching high-performance liquid chromatography electrospray mass spectrometry coupled with on-line of extraction for the determination of mono- and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood samples.
The consumption of processed tomato products enhances plasma lycopene concentrations in association with a reduced lipoprotein sensitivity to oxidative damage.
Moderate antioxidant supplementation has no effect on biomarkers of oxidant damage in healthy men with low fruit and vegetable intakes.
Soy product intake is inversely associated with serum homocysteine level in premenopausal Japanese women.
Markers of the validity of reported energy intake.
Urine nitrogen as a biomarker for the validation of dietary protein intake.
Biomarkers of fat and fatty acid intake.
Biomarkers of trace mineral intake and status.
Isoflavonoid and lignan phytoestrogens as dietary biomarkers.
Fasting plasma glucose variability as a risk factor of retinopathy in Type 2 diabetic patients.
Variability of serum estrogens among postmenopausal women treated with the same transdermal estrogen therapy and the effect on androgens and sex hormone binding globulin.
Reduced heart rate variability in hypertension: associations with lifestyle factors and plasma renin activity.
Reduction in plasma total homocysteine through increasing folate intake in healthy individuals is not associated with changes in measures of antioxidant activity or oxidant damage.
Relation between sodium intake and blood pressure during sleep in young men.
Direct reduction of N-acetoxy-PhIP by tea polyphenols: a possible mechanism for chemoprevention against PhIP-DNA adduct formation.
Circulating levels of tumor necrosis factor correlate with indexes of depressed heart rate variability: a study in patients with mild-to-moderate heart failure.
Prenatal exposure to low-level polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to mental and motor development at 8 months.
Validation of habitual energy intake.
Erythrocyte cell membrane phospholipid levels compared against reported dietary intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids in pregnant Mexican women.
Research strategies and the use of nutrient biomarkers in studies of diet and chronic disease.
Cognitive development in preschool children prenatally exposed to PCBs and MeHg.
Variability of post-methionine load plasma homocysteine assays.
Uses and limitations of statistical accounting for random error correlations, in the validation of dietary questionnaire assessments.
Interindividual variations in constitutive interleukin-10 messenger RNA and protein levels and their association with genetic polymorphisms.
Altered gene expression in mouse livers after dichloroacetic acid exposure.
Estimate of oxygen consumption and intracellular zinc concentration of human spermatozoa in relation to motility.
Associations between dietary intake and serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran (PCDD/F) levels in Taiwanese.
Effects of dibutyl phthalate in male rabbits following in utero, adolescent, or postpubertal exposure.
Effects of habitual chitosan intake on bone mass, bone-related metabolic markers and duodenum CaBP D9K mRNA in ovariectomized SHRSP rats.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls, kanechlor-500, on serum thyroid hormone levels in rats and mice.
A mortality update of male and female capacitor workers exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Inflammatory response of rat and human neutrophils exposed to di-(2-ethyl-hexyl)-phthalate-plasticized polyvinyl chloride.
Chronic consumption of a flavanol- and procyanindin-rich diet is associated with reduced levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in rat testes.
Analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl residues in human plasma by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Reliability of serum iron, ferritin, nitrite, and association with risk of renal cancer in women.
Peanut consumption improves indices of cardiovascular disease risk in healthy adults.
Review on uremic toxins: classification, concentration, and interindividual variability.
Assessing human polychlorinated biphenyl contamination for epidemiologic studies: lessons from patterns of congener concentrations in Canadians in 1992.
Left ventricular ejection fraction and volumes from gated blood-pool SPECT: comparison with planar gated blood-pool imaging and assessment of repeatability in patients with heart failure.
Body fat mass and macronutrient intake in relation to circulating soluble leptin receptor, free leptin index, adiponectin, and resistin concentrations in healthy humans.
Oxidative DNA base modifications and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts in squamous cell carcinoma of larynx.
Fish intake, plasma omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzo-furans and co-planar polychlorinated biphenyls in the blood of the Japanese population.
DNA adducts in cultures of polychlorinated biphenyl-treated human hepatocytes.
Decreased sex ratio following maternal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls from contaminated Great Lakes sport-caught fish: a retrospective cohort study.
Induction of transitional cell hyperplasia in the urinary bladder and aberrant crypt foci in the colon of rats treated with individual and a mixture of drinking water disinfection by-products.
Simultaneous analysis of naphthols, phenanthrols, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine as biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure: intraindividual variance in the urinary metabolite excretion profiles caused by intervention with beta-naphthoflavone induction in the rat.
Quantitative changes in gene expression in fetal rat testes following exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate.
Validity and reproducibility of the self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the JPHC Study Cohort I: study design, conduct and participant profiles.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess fatty acid intake: comparison with dietary records and serum phospholipid level.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess carotenoids and vitamin C intake: comparison with dietary records and blood level.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study to assess selenium intake: comparison with dietary records and blood levels.
Validity of the self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey for the JPHC Study to assess folate, vitamin B6 and B12 intake: comparison with dietary records and blood level.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess sodium and potassium intake: comparison with dietary records and 24-hour urinary excretion level.
Validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the JPHC Study Cohort II: study design, participant profile and results in comparison with Cohort I.
Leptin concentrations in relation to energy balance, milk yield, intake, live weight, and estrus in dairy cows.
Inter- and intraindividual variation of endotoxin- and beta(1 --> 3)-glucan-induced cytokine responses in a whole blood assay.
Determination of three phthalate metabolites in human urine using on-line solid-phase extraction-liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Variability and repeatability of retinal blood flow measurements using the Canon Laser Blood Flowmeter.
Interindividual variation of serum haloperidol concentrations in Japanese patients--clinical considerations on steady-state serum level-dose ratios.
The reproducibility of independently measuring human regional hepatic arterial, portal and total hepatic blood flow using [15O]water and positron emission tomography.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in human hair by HPLC with fluorescence detection: a biological monitoring method to evaluate the exposure to PAHs.
Sulfotransferase 1A1 (SULT1A1) polymorphism, PAH-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue and breast cancer risk in a case-control study.
A longitudinal examination of factors related to changes in serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Biomarkers of dietary intake of micronutrients modulate DNA adduct levels in healthy adults.
Dietary soy protein maintains some indices of bone mineral density and bone formation in aged ovariectomized rats.
Biomarker responses and PAH uptake in Mya truncata following exposure to oil-contaminated sediment in an Arctic fjord (Svalbard).
Effects of dietary PCB exposure on adrenocortical function in captive American kestrels (Falco sparverius).
Dietary fibre intake and clinical indices in the French Supplementation en Vitamines et Minraux AntioXydants (SU.VI.MAX) adult cohort.
Improved quantitative detection of 11 urinary phthalate metabolites in humans using liquid chromatography-atmospheric pressure chemical ionization tandem mass spectrometry.
Relation between total homocysteine levels and beer intake in patients with diabetes mellitus Type 2.
Individual variability in cyclosporin A sensitivity: the assessment of functional measures on CD28-mediated costimulation of human whole blood T lymphocytes.
Association of blood pressure with intake of soy products and other food groups in Japanese men and women.
Variability of the International Prostate Symptom Score in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Dietary predictors of concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in breast adipose tissue of women living in Ontario, Canada.
Development and validation of the Diabetes Bowel Symptom Questionnaire.
Effect of non-hypotensive haemorrhage on plasma catecholamine levels and cardiovascular variability in man.
Incorporation of the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) into fur and correlation with intestinal tumourigenesis in Min/+ mice.
Possible effects of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorinated pesticides on the thyroid after long-term exposure to heavy environmental pollution.
Binding of polychlorinated biphenyls/metabolites to hemoglobin.
Effect of dietary genistein on cell replication indices in C57BL6 mice.
Analysis of isothiocyanate mercapturic acids in urine: a biomarker for cruciferous vegetable intake.
The human cholesteryl ester transfer protein I405V polymorphism is associated with plasma cholesterol concentration and its reduction by dietary phytosterol esters.
Intake of lignans is associated with serum enterolactone concentration in Finnish men and women.
Dietary and lifestyle factors in relation to plasma insulin-like growth factor I in a general population sample.
Hydroxylated PCBs and other chlorinated phenolic compounds in lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush) blood plasma from the Great Lakes region.
A cross-sectional study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and polymorphism of glutathione S-transferases among heavy smokers by race/ethnicity.
Do the ethanol metabolizing enzymes modify the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure?
Carbohydrate intake and biomarkers of glycemic control among US adults: the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III).
Dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of carotenoids and tocopherols in relation to glucose metabolism in subjects at high risk of type 2 diabetes: the Botnia Dietary Study.
Multinational study of reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire in patients with overactive bladder.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in serum using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with negative chemical ionization for exposure estimation.
Relation among alcohol dehydrogenase 2 polymorphism, alcohol consumption, and levels of gamma-glutamyltransferase.
Genetic effects on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in a Korean population.
Clinical diagnosis of bladder outlet obstruction in men with lower urinary tract symptoms: reliability of commonly measured parameters and the role of idiopathic detrusor overactivity.
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled comparison of the action of orlistat, fluvastatin, or both an anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and lipid profile in obese patients with hypercholesterolemia prescribed a standardized diet.
Associations between diet and the metabolic syndrome vary with the validity of dietary intake data.
Respiratory-related arterial pressure variability as an indicator of graded blood loss: involvement of the autonomic nervous system.
Comparison of biomarker and pathological responses in flounder (Platichthys flesus L.) induced by ingested polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) contamination.
Habitual dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids in relation to inflammatory markers among US men and women.
Cardiorespiratory fitness modifies the association between dietary fat intake and plasma fatty acids.
Low plasma concentrations of diet-derived antioxidants in association with microalbuminuria in Indigenous Australian populations.
Detection of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine by direct fluorometric analysis on a solid sorbing phase. Validation and application of the method to biological monitoring of PAH-exposed persons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts among rickshaw drivers in Dhaka City, Bangladesh.
Some magnesium status indicators and oxidative metabolism responses to low-dietary magnesium are affected by dietary copper in postmenopausal women.
A cross-sectional study of alcohol consumption patterns and biologic markers of glycemic control among 459 women.
High plasma concentrations of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate in women with endometriosis.
DNA damage in T- and B-lymphocytes and granulocytes in emission inspection and incineration workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Using intake biomarkers to evaluate the extent of dietary misreporting in a large sample of adults: the OPEN study.
Structure of dietary measurement error: results of the OPEN biomarker study.
High-pressurized orange juice consumption affects plasma vitamin C, antioxidative status and inflammatory markers in healthy humans.
The relationship between environmental exposures to phthalates and DNA damage in human sperm using the neutral comet assay.
Distribution of methyl sulfone metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE in human tissues.
Human prenatal and postnatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorobiphenylols, and pentachlorophenol.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in maternal and fetal blood samples.
Assessment of pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: lessons from the Inuit Cohort Study.
Reliability of nucleic acid amplification methods for detection of Chlamydia trachomatis in urine: results of the first international collaborative quality control study among 96 laboratories.
Does physical activity energy expenditure explain the between-individual variation in plasma leptin concentrations after adjusting for differences in body composition?
Leukocyte 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine and aromatic DNA adduct in coke-oven workers with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Measuring dietary fatty acid intake:validation of a food-frequency questionnaire against 7 d weighed records.
Interobserver variability of cerebral blood flow measurements obtained using spectral analysis and technetium-99m labeled compounds.
Plasma carotenoid levels in relation to the Mediterranean diet in Greece.
A review on human exposure to brominated flame retardants--particularly polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Phthalate exposure and human semen parameters.
Validation of two global impression questionnaires for incontinence.
Food composition table-based estimation of energy and major nutrient intake in comparison with chemical analysis: a validation study in Korea.
Negative relationship between PCBs and plasma retinol in low-contaminated free-ranging gray seal pups (Halichoerus grypus).
Donor exposure to the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate during plateletpheresis.
Regional differences in blood flow and oxygen consumption in resting muscle and their relationship during recovery from exhaustive exercise.
Chromosomal radiosensitivity: a study of the chromosomal G(2) assay in human blood lymphocytes indicating significant inter-individual variability.
Determination of coplanar and non-coplanar polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by gas chromatography with mass spectrometric detection: electron impact or electron-capture negative ionization?
Comparison of plasma biomarkers with dietary assessment methods for fruit and vegetable intake.
Dietary soy and fats in relation to serum insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 levels in premenopausal Japanese women.
Effects of postnatal exposure to mixtures of non-ortho-PCBs, PCDDs, and PCDFs in prepubertal female rats.
Relation between homocysteine concentrations and the consumption of different types of alcoholic beverages: the French Supplementation with Antioxidant Vitamins and Minerals Study.
New high-resolution mass spectrometric approach for the measurement of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human serum.
Reproducibility over time of measurements of androgens, estrogens and hydroxy estrogens in urine samples from post-menopausal women.
Folate intake assessment: validation of a new approach.
Comparison of estimated renal net acid excretion from dietary intake and body size with urine pH.
Dose-response relationship and reproducibility of urinary salbutamol excretion during the first 30 min after an inhalation.
Health risks of residential exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Inhibitory effects of (-)-epigallocatechin gallate on the mutation, DNA strand cleavage, and DNA adduct formation by heterocyclic amines.
Simple and sensitive high-performance liquid chromatography method for simultaneous determination of urinary free cortisol and 6beta-hydroxycortisol in routine practice. For CYP 3A4 activity evaluation in basal conditions and after grapefruit juice intake.
Assessment of alcohol consumption by mailed questionnaire in epidemiological studies: evaluation of misclassification using a dietary history interview and biochemical markers.
Relationship between body mass index, serum cholesterol, leisure-time physical activity, and diet in a Mediterranean Southern-Europe population.
Quantitative detection of nine phthalate metabolites in human serum using reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry.
Refinement of the association of serum C-reactive protein concentration and coronary heart disease risk by correction for within-subject variation over time: the MONICA Augsburg studies, 1984 and 1987.
Maternal consumption of a high-meat, low-carbohydrate diet in late pregnancy: relation to adult cortisol concentrations in the offspring.
Repeatability of ocular blood flow pneumotonometry.
Group level validation of protein intakes estimated by 24-hour diet recall and dietary questionnaires against 24-hour urinary nitrogen in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) calibration study.
Reproducibility over 5 years of measurements of 6-sulphatoxymelatonin in urine samples from postmenopausal women.
Relationship between PCBs in blood and D-glucaric acid in urine.
Influence of genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1 and GSTM1 on the urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Fatty acids, diet, and body indices of type II diabetic American whites and blacks and Ghanaians.
Is olestra consumption associated with changes in dietary intake, serum lipids, and body weight?
Urinary excretion of 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine and 1-hydroxypyrene in coke-oven workers.
Gender differences in dietary intakes, anthropometrical measurements and biochemical indices in an urban adult population: the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Effect of orange juice intake on vitamin C concentrations and biomarkers of antioxidant status in humans.
Elevated blood lead levels associated with the consumption of moonshine among emergency department patients in Atlanta, Georgia.
The relationship between human semen parameters and environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE.
Sulforaphane and quercetin modulate PhIP-DNA adduct formation in human HepG2 cells and hepatocytes.
Effect of diets based on foods from conventional versus organic production on intake and excretion of flavonoids and markers of antioxidative defense in humans.
Variability in end-tidal PCO2 and blood gas values in humans.
Validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire to assess folate status. Results discriminate a high-risk group of women residing on the Mexico-US border.
Neonatal and childhood teeth in relation to perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans: observations of the Yucheng children in Taiwan.
Internal exposure of the general population to DEHP and other phthalates--determination of secondary and primary phthalate monoester metabolites in urine.
Validity of a modified CHAMPS physical activity questionnaire among African-Americans.
Plasma binding of trichloroacetic acid in mice, rats, and humans under cancer bioassay and environmental exposure conditions.
Greater rise in fat oxidation with medium-chain triglyceride consumption relative to long-chain triglyceride is associated with lower initial body weight and greater loss of subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Diet and serum markers in relation to primary brain tumor risk in China.
The interaction between alcohol consumption and GSTM1 genotype on polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue.
Evaluation of impact of PAH on a tropical fish, Oreochromis mossambicus using multiple biomarkers.
Early developmental neurotoxicity of a PCB/organochlorine mixture in rodents after gestational and lactational exposure.
Intake of unsaturated fatty acids and HDL cholesterol levels are associated with manifestations of atopy in adults.
Dietary modification and moderate antioxidant supplementation differentially affect serum carotenoids, antioxidant levels and markers of oxidative stress in older humans.
The DASH diet and sodium reduction improve markers of bone turnover and calcium metabolism in adults.
Electrophilic tissue burden in male Sprague-Dawley rats following repeated exposure to binary mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Reproducibility of plasma insulin kinetics during intraperitoneal insulin treatment by programmable pumps.
Reproducibility over time of the urinary diclofenac/4'-OH diclofenac ratio among different CYP2C9 genotypes.
Prenatal PCB exposure, the corpus callosum, and response inhibition.
Comparison of serum concentration and dietary intake of alpha-tocopherol in a sample of urban and rural Costa Rican adolescents.
Health related quality of life in patients treated with radical cystectomy and urinary diversion for urothelial carcinoma of the bladder: development and validation of a new disease specific questionnaire.
Evaluation of biochemical methods for estimating the sodium intake of dairy cows.
Immunological findings in a group of coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Reproducibility of the 1998 World Health Organization/International Society of Urologic Pathology classification of papillary urothelial neoplasms of the urinary bladder.
Selected nutritional biomarkers predict diet quality.
Interrelationship between bone turnover markers and dietary calcium intake in pregnant women: a longitudinal study.
Dioxin, dibenzofuran, and coplanar PCB levels in Laotian blood and milk from agent orange-sprayed and nonsprayed areas, 2001.
Levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and Co-PCBs in human milk in Saitama, Japan, and epidemiological research.
Evaluation of urinary N-acetyl cysteinyl allyl isothiocyanate as a biomarker for intake and bioactivity of Brussels sprouts.
Trihalomethane levels in home tap water and semen quality.
A population-based dietary intervention trial in a high-risk area for stomach cancer and stroke: changes in intakes and related biomarkers.
Reproducibility of the circadian rhythms of serum cortisol and melatonin in healthy subjects: a study of three different 24-h cycles over six weeks.
Glucuronidation patterns of common urinary and serum monoester phthalate metabolites.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) metabolites in human urine and serum after a single oral dose of deuterium-labelled DEHP.
Longevity-associated mitochondrial DNA 5178 A/C polymorphism modulates effects of daily drinking and cigarette consumption on serum triglyceride levels in middle-aged Japanese men.
The relationship of sodium intake to calcium and sodium excretion and bone mineral density of the hip in postmenopausal African-American and Caucasian women.
Air concentrations and urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among paving and remixing workers.
Hydroxylated and methylsulfone-containing metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in the plasma and blubber of bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus).
Developmental toxicity of in ovo exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: II. Effects of maternal or paternal exposure on second-generation nestling american kestrels.
Potential human cancer risks from exposure to PCBs: a tale of two evaluations.
Prenatal exposures to phthalates among women in New York City and Krakow, Poland.
In utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and duration of human pregnancy.
Reproducibility and validity of the Diet Quality Index Revised as assessed by use of a food-frequency questionnaire.
Biological variability of albumin excretion rate and albumin-to-creatinine ratio in hypertensive type 2 diabetic patients.
Marked variability of melphalan plasma drug levels during regional hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
Genetic polymorphisms and modulation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in human lymphocytes.
Biochemical and toxicopathic biomarkers assessed in smallmouth bass recovered from a polychlorinated biphenyl-contaminated river.
Environmental, dietary, demographic, and activity variables associated with biomarkers of exposure for benzene and lead.
Plasma concentrations of (n-3) highly unsaturated fatty acids are good biomarkers of relative dietary fatty acid intakes: a cross-sectional study.
A new approach to evaluating the extent of Michael adduct formation to PAH quinones: tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) thermochemolysis with GC/MS.
Space-use strategy is an important determinant of PCB concentrations in female polar bears in the Barents Sea.
Influences of apolipoprotein E polymorphism on the response of plasma lipids to the ad libitum consumption of a high-carbohydrate diet compared with a high-monounsaturated fatty acid diet.
Relationship between serum leptin levels and alcohol consumption in a controlled feeding and alcohol ingestion study.
Reproducibility and validity of the Shanghai Women's Health Study physical activity questionnaire.
Simultaneous determination of trace levels of nine haloacetic acids in biological samples as their pentafluorobenzyl derivatives by gas chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry in electron capture negative ion chemical ionization mode.
Effect of dietary protein on lean body wasting in dogs: correlation between loss of lean mass and markers of proteasome-dependent proteolysis.
[13C]Nandrolone excretion in trained athletes: interindividual variability in metabolism.
Intra- and interindividual variations in steady-state plasma concentrations of risperidone and 9-hydroxyrisperidone in schizophrenic patients treated chronically with various doses of risperidone.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and breast cancer: a systematic review of the epidemiological evidence.
Plasma levels of retinol, carotenoids, and tocopherols in relation to dietary pattern among pregnant Tanzanian women.
Suppressive effect of viscous dietary fiber on elevations of uric acid in serum and urine induced by dietary RNA in rats is associated with strength of viscosity.
Lack of an association between environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE and DNA damage in human sperm measured using the neutral comet assay.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms in metabolic enzymes on the relationships between 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine levels in human leukocytes and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations.
Urinary PAH metabolites influenced by genetic polymorphisms of GSTM1 in male hospital incinerator workers.
Serum fatty acid composition in primary school children is associated with serum cholesterol levels and dietary fat intake.
Serum hormone characterization and exogeneous hormone rescue of bromodichloromethane-induced pregnancy loss in the F344 rat.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and attention at school age.
Serum PCDD/F concentration distribution in residents living in the vicinity of an incinerator and its association with predicted ambient dioxin exposure.
Infant exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls (PCDD/Fs, PCBs)--correlation between prenatal and postnatal exposure.
Environmental exposure to PCBs and cancer incidence in eastern Slovakia.
Human variability in the renal elimination of foreign compounds and renal excretion-related uncertainty factors for risk assessment.
Dietary linolenic acid is inversely associated with plasma triacylglycerol: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Relationship between the amount of linoleic acid in the diet and that in the adipose tissue of adult cats living freely in households.
Validation of a Spanish version of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire.
Sources of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in non-occupationally exposed Koreans.
Dietary iron intake and blood donations in relation to risk of type 2 diabetes in men: a prospective cohort study.
The association between magnesium intake and fasting insulin concentration in healthy middle-aged women.
Effect of dietary constituents with chemopreventive potential on adduct formation of a low dose of the heterocyclic amines PhIP and IQ and phase II hepatic enzymes.
Concentration of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair of alcoholics: comparison to other biological state markers and self reported-ethanol intake.
Dietary fibers reduce the urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous administration of pyrene.
r-1,t-2,3,c-4-Tetrahydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrophenanthrene in human urine: a potential biomarker for assessing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolic activation.
Dietary magnesium intake in relation to plasma insulin levels and risk of type 2 diabetes in women.
An energy-rich diet causes rumen papillae proliferation associated with more IGF type 1 receptors and increased plasma IGF-1 concentrations in young goats.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and mutagenicity in bus drivers and mail carriers exposed to urban air pollution in Denmark.
Biomarker responses and chemical analyses in fish indicate leakage of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and other compounds from car tire rubber.
Male reproductive tract lesions at 6, 12, and 18 months of age following in utero exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate.
Within-person variability of urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to urinaryl ratios in Caucasian women.
Worker exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in elastic polysulphide sealant renovation.
Reliability of erector spinae oxygenation and blood volume responses using near-infrared spectroscopy in healthy males.
Formation and mass spectrometric analysis of DNA and nucleoside adducts by S-(1-acetoxymethyl)glutathione and by glutathione S-transferase-mediated activation of dihalomethanes.
The relationship between plasma endothelin-1, nitric oxide levels, and heart rate variability in patients with coronary slow flow.
Trans-18:1 isomers in rat milk fat as effective biomarkers for the determination of individual isomeric trans-18:1 acids in the dams' diet.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-deoxyribonucleic acid (PAH-DNA) adduct levels and exposure to coke oven emissions among workers in Taiwan.
Alcohol consumption, homeostasis model assessment indices and blood pressure in middle-aged healthy men.
Identification of hydroxylated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in Baltic Sea salmon (Salmo salar) blood.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator for assessing the exposures of booth attendants of a highway toll station to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary N2-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP as a biomarker for PhIP exposure.
Albumin adducts of naphthalene metabolites as biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Critical review of dietary caffeine and blood pressure: a relationship that should be taken more seriously.
Correlation between biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and electrophilic tissue burden in a rat model.
Reproducibility of SELDI-TOF protein patterns in serum: comparing datasets from different experiments.
Application of liquid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry for the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma.
Potential exposure to PCBs, DDT, and PBDEs from sport-caught fish consumption in relation to breast cancer risk in Wisconsin.
The effects of losartan and immobilization stress on heart rate variability and plasma corticosterone levels in rats.
Proapoptotic activated T-cells in the blood of children with Down's syndrome: relationship with dietary antigens and intestinal alterations.
Fish consumption and other environmental exposures and their associations with serum PCB concentrations among Mohawk women at Akwesasne.
Sensitive biomonitoring of phthalate metabolites in human urine using packed capillary column switching liquid chromatography coupled to electrospray ionization ion-trap mass spectrometry.
The relationship between environmental exposure to phthalates and computer-aided sperm analysis motion parameters.
Creatinine normalization in biological monitoring revisited: the case of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Criterion validity, test-retest reliability and sensitivity to change of the St George Urinary Incontinence Score.
Adiponectin gene expression and plasma values in obese women during very-low-calorie diet. Relationship with cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance.
Relationship between plasma fatty acid composition and diet over previous years in the Italian centers of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and t,t-muconic acid as biomarkers of exposure to environmental pollutants in two areas in Italy (EPIC-Florence and Ragusa).
Yucheng: health effects of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Moderate-intensity resistance exercise training in patients with chronic heart failure improves strength, endurance, heart rate variability, and forearm blood flow.
Critical evaluation of a high-throughput analytical method for polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum: which detector for the establishment of the reference values?
Reliability and accuracy of a cardiovascular risk questionnaire and body shape figures for body size in Mexican obese subjects.
Mercury and selenium in whole blood and serum in relation to fish consumption and amalgam fillings in adolescents.
Submaximal exercise in persons with stroke: test-retest reliability and concurrent validity with maximal oxygen consumption.
Fetal heart rate and blood flow velocity variability in the presence of increased nuchal translucency: a preliminary study.
Gated blood pool SPECT improves reproducibility of right and left ventricular Fourier phase analysis in radionuclide angiography.
Reliability of the rapid bedside whole-blood quantitative cardiac troponin T assay in the diagnosis of myocardial injury in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
The dietary glycemic index during pregnancy: influence on infant birth weight, fetal growth, and biomarkers of carbohydrate metabolism.
Reproducibility of circadian retinal and optic nerve head blood flow measurements by Heidelberg retina flowmetry.
Diet score is associated with plasma homocysteine in a healthy institutionalised elderly population.
Intrapatient variability of efavirenz concentrations as a predictor of virologic response to antiretroviral therapy.
Variability of plasma anti-Xa activities with different lots of enoxaparin.
Reliability and validity of King's Health Questionnaire in patients with symptoms of overactive bladder with urge incontinence in Japan.
Current status of carbohydrate deficient transferrin, total serum sialic acid, sialic acid index of apolipoprotein J and serum beta-hexosaminidase as markers for alcohol consumption.
Association between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and genotoxic effects in coke oven workers.
Intakes of antioxidants in coffee, wine, and vegetables are correlated with plasma carotenoids in humans.
Dietary fat type affects vitamins C and E and biomarkers of oxidative status in peripheral and brain tissues of golden Syrian hamsters.
Initial analysis of variability among basal hormone biomarkers of ovarian reserve.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the environment and in people: a meta-analysis of concentrations.
Blood burden of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and its primary metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in pregnant and nonpregnant rats and marmosets.
Mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
Urinary levels of seven phthalate metabolites in the U.S. population from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2000.
Ambient particulate air pollution, heart rate variability, and blood markers of inflammation in a panel of elderly subjects.
Chemical (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and heavy metal) levels in contaminated stormwater and sediments from a motorway dry detention pond drainage system.
Rapid assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in decapod crustaceans by fluorimetric analysis of urine and haemolymph.
Relation of vegetable, fruit, and meat intake to 7-year blood pressure change in middle-aged men: the Chicago Western Electric Study.
Plasma and urinary phyto-oestrogens as biomarkers of intake: validation by duplicate diet analysis.
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in serum samples of Egyptian Vulture (Neophron percnopterus) from Spain.
PCDD/Fs levels in indoor environments and blood of workers of three municipal waste incinerators in Taiwan.
Levels of PCB 126 and PCB 153 in plasma and tissues in goats exposed during gestation and lactation.
Long-term effects of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate diet on weight control and cardiovascular risk markers in obese hyperinsulinemic subjects.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts determined by semiquantitative immunohistochemistry in human esophageal biopsies taken in 1985.
The variability of liver graft function and urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratio during liver regeneration in liver transplant recipients.
Interindividual variation in the ratio between plasma morphine and its metabolites in cancer patients.
Within-person variation in serum lipids: implications for clinical trials.
Kinetics of orally administered di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and its metabolite, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, in male pigs.
Toxicity of hydroxylated and quinoid PCB metabolites: inhibition of gap junctional intercellular communication and activation of aryl hydrocarbon and estrogen receptors in hepatic and mammary cells.
Twelve hour reproducibility of choroidal blood flow parameters in healthy subjects.
Biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from environmental air pollution.
Determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in beef extract, cooked meat and rat urine by liquid chromatography with coulometric electrode array detection.
Estimates of heterocyclic amine intake in the US population.
PhIP metabolites in human urine after consumption of well-cooked chicken.
Formation and analysis of heterocyclic aromatic amine-DNA adducts in vitro and in vivo.
Genetic variability of the pattern of night melatonin blood levels in relation to coat changes development in rabbits.
High-throughput analysis of human serum for selected polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) by gas chromatography-isotope dilution time-of-flight mass spectrometry (GC-IDTOFMS).
Intra-individual variation of serum prostate specific antigen levels in men with benign prostate biopsies.
Increased dietary protein elevates plasma uric acid and is associated with decreased oxidative stress in rapidly-growing broilers.
Association between serum gamma-glutamyltransferase and dietary factors: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.
Intraindividual variation in serum retinol concentrations among participants in the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1988-1994.
Folate and colorectal neoplasia: relation between plasma and dietary markers of folate and adenoma recurrence.
Semiautomated high-throughput extraction and cleanup method for the measurement of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polybrominated biphenyls, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Investigation of the reliability of 24 h urine excretion as a biomarker of isoflavone exposure over time and over a wide range of isoflavone intakes.
Plasma carotenoid levels in Dutch men and women, and the relation with vegetable and fruit consumption.
Effects of usual nutrient intake and vitamin D status on markers of bone turnover in Swiss adolescents.
High sodium intake strengthens the association between angiotensinogen T174M polymorphism and blood pressure levels among lean men and women: a community-based study.
Synthesis of the o-quinones and other oxidized metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons implicated in carcinogenesis.
Syntheses of DNA adducts of two heterocyclic amines, 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeAalphaC) and 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC) and identification of DNA adducts in organs from rats dosed with MeAalphaC.
Status and management of blood lipids in Greek adults and their relation to socio-demographic, lifestyle and dietary factors: the ATTICA Study. Blood lipids distribution in Greece.
Phthalate exposure and pulmonary function.
Fractional moving blood volume estimation in the fetal lung using power Doppler ultrasound: a reproducibility study.
Optimization of a clean-up procedure for the determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in urine by field-amplified sample injection-capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility of blood flow velocity measurements using colour decoded Doppler imaging.
Risk assessment of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate released from PVC blood circuits during hemodialysis and pump-oxygenation therapy.
Validation of diagnostic tests for determination of magnesium status in horses with reduced magnesium intake.
Intra-laboratory analytical variability of biochemical markers of fibrosis (Fibrotest) and activity (Actitest) and reference ranges in healthy blood donors.
Determination of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in human serum using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Validation of a soy questionnaire with repeated dietary recalls and urinary isoflavone assessments over one year.
Characterization and quantitative analysis of DNA adducts formed from lower chlorinated PCB-derived quinones.
Low hepatic 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity and minor alterations in retinoid and thyroid hormone levels in flounder (Platichthys flesus) exposed to the polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) mixture, Clophen A50.
Levels of selected individual polychlorinated biphenyls in different tissues of harbour seals (phoca vitulina) from the Southern coast of Norway.
Increased sensitivity to dietary cholesterol in diabetic and hypothyroid rats associated with low levels of hepatic HMG-CoA reductase expression.
Validity and reliability of a questionnaire to measure the impact of lower urinary tract symptoms on quality of life: the Leicester Impact Scale.
Reproducibility, validity, and responsiveness to change of a short questionnaire for measuring fruit and vegetable intake.
CYP1A2 and NAT2 genotype/phenotype relations and urinary excretion of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in a human dietary intervention study.
Excretion of metabolites in urine and faeces from rats dosed with the heterocyclic amine, 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC).
Analysis of human urine for fifteen phthalate metabolites using automated solid-phase extraction.
Dietary iron intake is positively associated with hemoglobin concentration during infancy but not during the second year of life.
A single measurement is inadequate to estimate enterolactone levels in danish postmenopausal women due to large intraindividual variation.
A moderately high intake compared to a low intake of zinc depresses magnesium balance and alters indices of bone turnover in postmenopausal women.
Variability in normative urine flow rates.
Therapeutic effects of glucose infusion on monochloroacetic acid exposure in rats.
Retrospective time-trend study of polybrominated diphenyl ether and polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyl levels in human serum from the United States.
Medications as a source of human exposure to phthalates.
Interindividual variation in abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue: influence of measurement site.
Reliability of hepatitis C virus core antigen assay for detection of viremia in HCV genotypes 1, 2, 3, and 4 infected blood donors: a collaborative study between Japan, Egypt, and Uzbekistan.
Variability and reliability of single serum IGF-I measurements: impact on determining predictability of risk ratios in disease development.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in children urine using column-switching liquid chromatography and fluorescence detection.
Blood pressure in haemodialysis patients: the importance of the relationship between the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, salt intake and extracellular volume.
Impact of environmental exposures on the mutagenicity/carcinogenicity of heterocyclic amines.
Chronic exposure to dibromoacetic acid, a water disinfection byproduct, diminishes primordial follicle populations in the rabbit.
Formic acid excretion in rats and mice exposed to bromodichloromethane: a possible link to renal tubule cell proliferation in long-term studies.
Changes in some hormones by low doses of di (2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a commonly used plasticizer in PVC blood storage bags & medical tubing.
Naphthalene and its biomarkers as measures of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Identification of metabolites in urine and feces from rats dosed with the heterocyclic amine, 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeA alpha C).
The association of serum lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins with selected trace elements and minerals in phenylketonuric patients on diet.
Dietary fatty acids affect plasma markers of inflammation in healthy men fed controlled diets: a randomized crossover study.
Phytoestrogen concentrations in serum and spot urine as biomarkers for dietary phytoestrogen intake and their relation to breast cancer risk in European prospective investigation of cancer and nutrition-norfolk.
Effects of reduced cigarette smoking on levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine.
A novel, point-of-care test for lithium levels: description and reliability.
Efavirenz plasma concentrations in HIV-infected patients: inter- and intraindividual variability and clinical effects.
Doppler blood flow velocity waveforms in the fetal renal arteries: variability at proximal and distal sites in the right and left arteries.
Variability of plasma aprotinin concentrations in pediatric patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
Adipose tissue levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Alcohol consumption and inflammatory markers in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Detecting a field gradient of PAH exposure in decapod crustacea using a novel urinary biomarker.
Development of two novel CYP-antibodies and their use in a PCB exposure experiment with Mytilus edulis.
Urinary PAH metabolites as biomarkers of exposure in aquatic environments.
Negative relationship between fasting plasma ghrelin concentrations and ad libitum food intake.
Postprandial response of plasma ghrelin levels to various test meals in relation to food intake, plasma insulin, and glucose.
Relationship between content and activity of cytochrome P450 and induction of heterocyclic amine DNA adducts in human liver samples in vivo and in vitro.
Different effects of red wine and gin consumption on inflammatory biomarkers of atherosclerosis: a prospective randomized crossover trial. Effects of wine on inflammatory markers.
Regional cerebral blood flow correlates with heart period and high-frequency heart period variability during working-memory tasks: Implications for the cortical and subcortical regulation of cardiac autonomic activity.
Development and validation of the insulin treatment satisfaction questionnaire.
Parental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and the risk of childhood brain tumors: The SEARCH International Childhood Brain Tumor Study.
Evaluation of reliability for urine mucopolysaccharidosis screening by dimethylmethylene blue and Berry spot tests.
Comparison of plasma N-brain natriuretic peptide, peak oxygen consumption, and left ventricular ejection fraction for severity of chronic heart failure.
Examples of the marked variability in the relationship between the serum CA-125 antigen level and cancer-related symptoms in ovarian cancer.
Alteration in phase I and II enzyme activities and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adduct formation by plant phenolics in mouse epidermis.
Effects of perinatal exposure to low doses of PCB 153 and PCB 126 on lymphocyte proliferation and hematology in goat kids.
Quantitative justification for target concentration intervention--parameter variability and predictive performance using population pharmacokinetic models for aminoglycosides.
Commonly consumed and naturally occurring dietary substances affect biomarkers of oxidative stress and DNA damage in healthy rats.
Characterization of a peptide adduct formed by N-acetoxy-2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a reactive intermediate of the food carcinogen PhIP.
Dietary habits and plasma fatty acids levels in a population of Italian children: is there any relationship?
The effect of dietary n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on femur mineral density and biomarkers of bone metabolism in healthy, diabetic and dietary-restricted growing rats.
Nutrient intakes; biochemical and risk indices associated with Type 2 diabetes and glycosylated haemoglobin, in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Contribution of dietary protein and inorganic sulfur to urinary sulfate: toward a biomarker of inorganic sulfur intake.
Temporal variation of blood and hair mercury levels in pregnancy in relation to fish consumption history in a population living along the St. Lawrence River.
Effects of trans- and n-3 unsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular risk markers in healthy males. An 8 weeks dietary intervention study.
Kava use, dyslipidaemia and biomarkers of dietary quality in Aboriginal people in Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory (NT), Australia.
Autoantibodies and levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in persons living near a hazardous waste treatment facility.
Effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on prostaglandin synthesis and cyclooxygenase-mediated DNA adduct formation by heterocyclic aromatic amines in human adenocarcinoma colon cells.
Seasonal changes in markers of oxidative damage to lipids and DNA; correlations with seasonal variation in diet.
Consumption of (n-3) fatty acids is related to plasma biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation in women.
Relationships of nutrient intake and lifestyle-related factors to serum folate and plasma homocysteine concentrations in 30-69 year-old Japanese.
Gamma-tocopherol as a possible marker for nutrition-related risk: results from four National Diet and Nutrition Surveys in Britain.
Quality of life and self-rated health in relation to changes in fruit and vegetable intake and in plasma vitamins C and E in a randomised trial of behavioural and nutritional education counselling.
Hypolipidemic effects of crude extract of adlay seed (Coix lachrymajobi var. mayuen) in obesity rat fed high fat diet: relations of TNF-alpha and leptin mRNA expressions and serum lipid levels.
Muscle contraction-induced limb blood flow variability during dynamic knee extensor.
Randomized controlled trial of dietary intervention: association between level of urinary phenolics and anti-mutagenicity.
Genetic variation in CYP11B2 and AT1R influences heart rate variability conditional on sodium excretion.
Biomarkers of dietary fatty acid intake and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Insulin, macronutrient intake, and physical activity: are potential indicators of insulin resistance associated with mortality from breast cancer?
Improved method for determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Determination of trace-level haloacetic acids in drinking water by ion chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry.
A possible mechanism for decrease in serum thyroxine level by polychlorinated biphenyls in Wistar and Gunn rats.
Relationship between serum, red cell, urinary and dietary magnesium in a middle-aged French adult population.
Increased urinary excretion of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in engine room personnel exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary excretion half life of trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to chlorinated drinking water disinfection by-products.
Comparison of the effects of two different types of calcium supplementation on markers of bone metabolism in a postmenopausal osteopenic population with low calcium intake: a double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
Weight loss leads to reductions in inflammatory biomarkers after a very-low-carbohydrate diet and a low-fat diet in overweight men.
Antisera to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their application on the detection of chemical carcinogens in blood sera of oncological patients.
Pharmacokinetics of two major hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites with specific retention in rat blood.
Increase in serum amyloid a evoked by dietary cholesterol is associated with increased atherosclerosis in mice.
Consumption of blood products during mechanical circulatory support in children: comparison between ECMO and a pulsatile ventricular assist device.
Non-smoking coke oven workers show an occupational PAH exposure-related increase in urinary mutagens.
4-Heptanone is a metabolite of the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in haemodialysis patients.
Air levels of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons after the World Trade Center disaster.
The reliability of horizontally sectioned scalp biopsies in the diagnosis of chronic diffuse telogen hair loss in women.
Identification of cereal alkylresorcinol metabolites in human urine-potential biomarkers of wholegrain wheat and rye intake.
Quantifying reproducibility for differential proteomics: noise analysis for protein liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry of human serum.
Applicability of the black slug Arion ater for monitoring exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their subsequent bioactivation into DNA binding metabolites.
The relationship between levels of PCBs and pesticides in human hair and blood: preliminary result.
Fetal exposure to PCBs and their hydroxylated metabolites in a Dutch cohort.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure among asphalt paving workers.
The relation of individual cadmium concentration in urine with total cadmium intake in Kakehashi River basin, Japan.
Phthalate treatment does not influence levels of IgE or Th2 cytokines in B6C3F1 mice.
Influence of an industrial waste incinerator as assessed by the levels and congener patterns of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans.
Paraoxonase activity in Greek migrants and Anglo-Celtic persons in the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study: relationship to dietary markers.
Lack of effect of dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio on plasma lipids and markers of insulin responses in Indian Asians living in the UK.
Rapid biomonitoring of heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine by tandem solvent solid phase extraction liquid chromatography electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.
Effects of occupational polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure on T-lymphocyte functions and natural killer cell activity in asphalt and coke oven workers.
Variability of thyroid blood flow Doppler parameters in healthy women.
In utero exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and sensorineural hearing loss in 8-year-old children.
Effects of a low-fat diet compared with those of a high-monounsaturated fat diet on body weight, plasma lipids and lipoproteins, and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes.
High-throughput analysis of phthalate esters in human serum by direct immersion SPME followed by isotope dilution-fast GC/MS.
Comparison of 1-hydroxypyrene exposure in the US population with that in occupational exposure studies.
Hydroxylated and methyl sulfone PCB metabolites in adipose and whole blood of polar bear (Ursus maritimus) from East Greenland.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in serum and time to pregnancy.
Macular pigment optical density and its relationship with serum and dietary levels of lutein and zeaxanthin.
Non-invasive biomarkers of oxidative stress: reproducibility and methodological issues.
Ethnic differences in diet and associations with clinical markers of prostate disease in New Zealand men.
PCDD/F and non-ortho PCB concentrations in adipose tissue of individuals living in the vicinity of a hazardous waste incinerator.
Fruit and vegetable consumption is inversely associated with blood pressure in a Mediterranean population with a high vegetable-fat intake: the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) Study.
Effects of gestational and lactational exposure to low doses of PCBs 126 and 153 on anterior pituitary and gonadal hormones and on puberty in female goats.
Temporal variability of urinary levels of nonpersistent insecticides in adult men.
Dietary habits and nutritional biomarkers in Italian type 1 diabetes families: evidence of unhealthy diet and combined-vitamin-deficient intakes.
Follow-up study of adolescents exposed to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) as neonates on extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) support.
Analysis of HO-PCBs and PCP in blood plasma from individuals with high PCB exposure living on the Chukotka Peninsula in the Russian Arctic.
Dietary phylloquinone intake as a potential marker for a heart-healthy dietary pattern in the Framingham Offspring cohort.
Relationship between blood lead concentration and dietary intakes of infants from 3 to 12 months of age.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers: human tissue levels and toxicology.
Modified comet assay as a biomarker of sodium dichromate-induced oxidative DNA damage: optimization and reproducibility.
Specific non-coplanar PCB-mediated modulation of bottlenose dolphin and beluga whale phagocytosis upon in vitro exposure.
The p53 protein influences the sensitivity of testicular germ cells to mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate-induced apoptosis by increasing the membrane levels of Fas and DR5 and decreasing the intracellular amount of c-FLIP.
The effects of coadministration of dietary copper and zinc supplements on atherosclerosis, antioxidant enzymes and indices of lipid peroxidation in the cholesterol-fed rabbit.
Concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and the risk for testicular cancer.
Effect of a mediterranean-style diet on endothelial dysfunction and markers of vascular inflammation in the metabolic syndrome: a randomized trial.
Selective detection of monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine using liquid chromatography/triple quadrupole tandem mass spectrometry.
Additional dietary zinc for weaning piglets is associated with elevated concentrations of serum IGF-I.
Effects of cigarette smoking and exposure to cadmium and lead on phenotypic variability of hepatic CYP2A6 and renal function biomarkers in men.
Dietary cholesterol does not increase biomarkers for chronic disease in a pediatric population from northern Mexico.
Associations between coffee consumption and inflammatory markers in healthy persons: the ATTICA study.
Major dietary patterns are related to plasma concentrations of markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
Variability in cytokine production and cell proliferation by mitogen-activated ovine peripheral blood mononuclear cells: modulation by interleukin (IL)-10 and IL-12.
Reproducibility and validity of simple questions to identify urinary incontinence in elderly women.
Protein biomarkers in the plasma of workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Evidence for increased internal exposure to lower chlorinated polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in pupils attending a contaminated school.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons suppresses constitutive expression of CYP1B1 on the transcript level in human leukocytes.
Reduced nucleotide excision repair and GSTM1-null genotypes influence anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct levels in mononuclear white blood cells of highly PAH-exposed coke oven workers.
Effects of a long-term vegetarian diet on biomarkers of antioxidant status and cardiovascular disease risk.
Soymilk intake is associated with plasma and liver lipid profiles in rats fed a high-cholesterol diet.
Exploring nonlinear association between prenatal methylmercury exposure from fish consumption and child development: evaluation of the Seychelles Child Development Study nine-year data using semiparametric additive models.
Evaluation of the effect of the concentration of plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on the quantity of residual monomer vinyl chloride in PVC chest drainage tubes.
Folate intake estimated with an updated database and its association to blood folate and homocysteine in Korean college students.
Validity of reported energy expenditure and reported intake of energy, protein, sodium and potassium in rheumatoid arthritis patients in a dietary intervention study.
Validation of a food-frequency questionnaire assessment of carotenoid and vitamin E intake using weighed food records and plasma biomarkers: the method of triads model.
Impact of fermented brown rice with Aspergillus oryzae (FEBRA) intake and concentrations of polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs) in blood of humans from Japan.
Effect of dietary-induced metabolic acidosis and ovariectomy on bone mineral density and markers of bone turnover.
Male Sexual Health Questionnaire (MSHQ): scale development and psychometric validation.
Reproducibility of blood flow and post-occlusive reactive hyperaemia as measured by venous occlusion plethysmography.
Moderate alcohol intake and markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction among diabetic men.
Contribution of multidrug resistance protein 2 (MRP2/ABCC2) to the renal excretion of p-aminohippurate (PAH) and identification of MRP4 (ABCC4) as a novel PAH transporter.
Neuroendocrine testing in community patients with heart disease: plasma N-terminal proatrial natriuretic peptide predicts morbidity and mortality stronger than catecholamines and heart rate variability.
Neonatal exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP) alters male reproductive-tract development.
Environmental PCB exposure and risk of endometriosis.
Consumption of high-pressurized vegetable soup increases plasma vitamin C and decreases oxidative stress and inflammatory biomarkers in healthy humans.
Measurement of selected polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides in human serum and milk using comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography isotope dilution time-of-flight mass spectrometry.
Forensic confirmatory analysis of ethyl sulfate--a new marker for alcohol consumption--by liquid-chromatography/electrospray ionization/tandem mass spectrometry.
Impact of FEBRA (fermented brown rice with Aspergillus oryzae) intake and concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs in blood of humans from Japan.
The associations between smoking, physical activity, dietary habits and plasma homocysteine levels in cardiovascular disease-free people: the 'ATTICA' study.
Urinary isoflavonoid excretion is inversely associated with the ratio of protein to dietary fibre intake in young women.
Diurnal changes in hypothalamic neuropeptide and SOCS-3 expression: effects of lactation and relationship with serum leptin and food intake.
Use of fatty acids to explain variability of organochlorine concentrations in eggs and plasma of common terns (Sterna hirundo).
Weight reduction, but not a moderate intake of fish oil, lowers concentrations of inflammatory markers and PAI-1 antigen in obese men during the fasting and postprandial state.
Homocysteine as a risk factor for coronary heart diseases and its association with inflammatory biomarkers, lipids and dietary factors.
Relationship between diet and serum anabolic hormone responses to heavy-resistance exercise in men.
Mass spectrometric analysis of 7-sulfoxymethyl-12-methylbenz[a]anthracene and related electrophilic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Reliability of sport fish consumption in the New York State Angler cohort study.
Maternal exposure to Great Lakes sport-caught fish and dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethylene, but not polychlorinated biphenyls, is associated with reduced birth weight.
Association between diet, lifestyle, metabolic cardiovascular risk factors, and plasma C-reactive protein levels.
Effects of two prototypic polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on lipid composition of rat liver and serum.
Clinical correlation between the consumption of nicotine and cotinine concentrations in urine and serum by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Antioxidant role of zinc in PCB (Aroclor 1254) exposed ventral prostate of albino rats.
Assessment of variability of renal blood flow Doppler parameters during the menstrual cycle in women.
Interindividual and intraindividual variability of the urinary 6beta-Hydroxycortisol/Cortisol ratio in Chinese subjects: implications of its use for evaluating CYP3A activity.
Investigation of the elemental composition and chemical association of several elements in fulvic acids dietary supplements by size-exclusion chromatography UV inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometric.
Prepartum plasma estradiol and postpartum cortisol, but not oxytocin, are associated with interindividual and breed differences in the expression of maternal behaviour in sheep.
LC-MS/MS analysis of dextromethorphan metabolism in human saliva and urine to determine CYP2D6 phenotype and individual variability in N-demethylation and glucuronidation.
Evaluation of four capillary columns for the analysis of organochlorine pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls, and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum for epidemiologic studies.
Evaluation of biological monitoring markers using genomic and proteomic analysis for automobile emission inspectors and waste incinerating workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons or 2,3,7,8,-tetracholrodedibenzo-p-dioxins.
A novel method for the detection of bacteria in platelet concentrates utilizing oxygen consumption as a marker for bacterial growth.
Effects of concomitant fluvoxamine on the plasma concentration of etizolam in Japanese psychiatric patients: wide interindividual variation in the drug interaction.
Overall alcohol intake, beer, wine, and systemic markers of inflammation in western Europe: results from three MONICA samples (Augsburg, Glasgow, Lille).
Plasma GLP-2 levels and intestinal markers in the juvenile pig during intestinal adaptation: effects of different diet regimens.
Effect of 'PC Game Room' use and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure on plasma testosterone concentrations in young male Koreans.
Maternal protein intake is not associated with infant blood pressure.
Nutrient intake and urine composition in calcium oxalate stone-forming dogs: comparison with healthy dogs and impact of dietary modification.
Psychometric properties and validation of the German-language King's Health Questionnaire in women with stress urinary incontinence.
Temporal variability of urinary phthalate metabolite levels in men of reproductive age.
Sorbent-assisted liquid-liquid extraction (Chem-Elut) of polychlorinated biphenyls, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in the lipid fraction of human blood plasma.
Polymorphisms in the bovine leptin promoter associated with serum leptin concentration, growth, feed intake, feeding behavior, and measures of carcass merit.
Serum polychlorinated biphenyls, cytochrome P-450 1A1 polymorphisms, and risk of breast cancer in Connecticut women.
Genetic variants of ApoE account for variability of plasma low-density lipoprotein and apolipoprotein B levels in FHBL.
Stable isotopes in breath, blood, feces and feathers can indicate intra-individual changes in the diet of migratory songbirds.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood samples from Korea.
PCBs and DDT in the serum of juvenile California sea lions: associations with vitamins A and E and thyroid hormones.
Phthalate exposure and reproductive hormones in adult men.
Dietary methoxychlor exposure modulates splenic natural killer cell activity, antibody-forming cell response and phenotypic marker expression in F0 and F1 generations of Sprague Dawley rats.
Polymorphism in the DNA repair gene XPD, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, and breast cancer risk.
Determinants of temporal variability in NHEXAS-Maryland environmental concentrations, exposures, and biomarkers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in prostate cancer.
Metabolism of polychlorinated biphenyls by Gunn rats: identification and serum retention of catechol metabolites.
Comparative metabolism of polychlorinated biphenyls and tissue distribution of persistent metabolites in rats, hamsters, and Guinea pigs.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls selectively bind transthyretin in blood and inhibit amyloidogenesis: rationalizing rodent PCB toxicity.
Evaluation of serum protein profiling by surface-enhanced laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry for the detection of prostate cancer: I. Assessment of platform reproducibility.
Postnatal diet-induced obesity in rats upregulates systemic and adipose tissue glucocorticoid metabolism during development and in adulthood: its relationship with the metabolic syndrome.
High intake of saturated fat and early occurrence of specific biomarkers may explain the prevalence of chronic disease in northern Mexico.
A semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire is a valid indicator of the usual intake of phytoestrogens by south Asian women in the UK relative to multiple 24-h dietary recalls and multiple plasma samples.
Profile of PCDD/F levels in serum of general Taiwanese between different gender, age and smoking status.
Human colon microbiota transform polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to estrogenic metabolites.
Decomposition of benzene in the RF plasma environment. Part II. Formation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Phase 1 study of multiple biomarkers for metabolism and oxidative stress after one-week intake of broccoli sprouts.
Reliability of urinary tests for antibody to Helicobacter pylori in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis.
Dietary intake of differently fed salmon; the influence on markers of human atherosclerosis.
Determination of total phthalates in urine by isotope-dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
High reproducibility of serum anti-Mullerian hormone measurements suggests a multi-staged follicular secretion and strengthens its role in the assessment of ovarian follicular status.
Intake of purine-rich foods, protein, and dairy products and relationship to serum levels of uric acid: the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Lower within-subject variability of fasting blood glucose and reduced weight gain with insulin detemir compared to NPH insulin in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Early dietary intervention: long-term effects on blood pressure, brain neuropeptide Y, and adiposity markers.
Effects of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) and its metabolites on fatty acid homeostasis regulating proteins in rat placental HRP-1 trophoblast cells.
Evaluation of the orthogonal projection on latent structure model limitations caused by chemical shift variability and improved visualization of biomarker changes in 1H NMR spectroscopic metabonomic studies.
Effects of black tea consumption on plasma catechins and markers of oxidative stress and inflammation in patients with coronary artery disease.
Alcohol consumption in pregnant, black women is associated with decreased plasma and erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid.
Metabolism of antioxidant and chemopreventive ellagitannins from strawberries, raspberries, walnuts, and oak-aged wine in humans: identification of biomarkers and individual variability.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 and 1B1 in human blood lymphocytes are not suitable as biomarkers of exposure to dioxin-like compounds: polymorphisms and interindividual variation in expression and inducibility.
Biological monitoring of the five major metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in human urine using column-switching liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Measurement reproducibility in the early stages of biomarker development.
Biomonitoring of persistent organochlorine pesticides, PCDD/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in blood of children from South West Germany (Baden-Wuerttemberg) from 1993 to 2003.
Phytoestrogen exposure correlation with plasma estradiol in postmenopausal women in European Prospective Investigation of Cancer and Nutrition-Norfolk may involve diet-gene interactions.
Diet and lifestyle are associated with serum C-reactive protein concentrations in a population-based study.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: practical issues in development of expert system-based classification models in metabolomic studies.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: concerns and approaches for cohort and gender issues in serum metabolome studies.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: characteristics of component-based models of metabolic serotypes.
Diet-induced weight loss is associated with decreases in plasma serum amyloid a and C-reactive protein independent of dietary macronutrient composition in obese subjects.
Acanthopanax senticosus extract prepared from cultured cells decreases adiposity and obesity indices in C57BL/6J mice fed a high fat diet.
Effect of dietary supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid on markers of calcium and bone metabolism in healthy adult men.
A 7-week reduction in salt intake does not contribute to markers of bone metabolism in young healthy subjects.
A low protein diet causes an increase in the basal levels and variability of mean arterial pressure and heart rate in Fisher rats.
Relation of nutrient intake to microalbuminuria in nondiabetic middle-aged men and women: International Population Study on Macronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP).
Inhibitory effects of heterocyclic amine-induced DNA adduct formation in mouse liver and lungs by beer.
Modeling vitellogenesis in female fish exposed to environmental stressors: predicting the effects of endocrine disturbance due to exposure to a PCB mixture and cadmium.
Exposure to PCBs and p,p'-DDE and human sperm chromatin integrity.
Congener-specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl in human blood from Japanese.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and mechanism of action.
Association of ambulatory blood pressure and dietary caffeine in adolescents.
Relation of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake to serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol among Japanese men in Japan and Japanese-American men in Hawaii: the INTERLIPID study.
Evaluation of interactions between CCK and GLP-1 in their effects on appetite, energy intake, and antropyloroduodenal motility in healthy men.
Assessment of the long-term reproducibility of baseline and dobutamine-induced myocardial blood flow in patients with stable coronary artery disease.
Genotype, dietary manipulation and food allocation affect indices of welfare in broiler breeders.
Serum antioxidant levels in Yusho victims over 30 years after the accidental poisoning of polychlorinated biphenyls in Nagasaki, Japan.
Plasma concentration of folate as a biomarker for the intake of fruit and vegetables: the Hordaland Homocysteine Study.
New metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in human urine and serum after single oral doses of deuterium-labelled DEHP.
Two food-borne heterocyclic amines: metabolism and DNA adduct formation of amino-alpha-carbolines.
The relation between alcohol intake and physical activity and the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 in serum phospholipids and adipose tissue used as markers for dairy fat intake.
Development and validation of a food-frequency questionnaire for the determination of detailed fatty acid intakes.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls inhibit thyroid-hormone-dependent extension of cerebellar Purkinje cell dendrites.
Cerebral blood flow volume measurements with ultrasound: Interobserver reproducibility in preterm and term neonates.
Immunofluorescent detection of 8-oxo-dG and PAH bulky adducts in fish liver and mussel digestive gland.
Physiological and genetic responses of European eel (Anguilla anguilla L.) to short-term chromium or copper exposure-Influence of preexposure to a PAH-like compound.
Effects of blood orange juice intake on antioxidant bioavailability and on different markers related to oxidative stress.
Relationship between the ability to recognize energy intake and expenditure, and blood sugar control in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Signal in noise: evaluating reported reproducibility of serum proteomic tests for ovarian cancer.
Multislice computed tomography-urography: intraindividual comparison of different preparation techniques for optimized depiction of the upper urinary tract in an animal model.
Functional relationships among selenium concentrations in the diet, target tissues, and nondestructive tissue samples of two species of snakes.
Kinetics of nucleotide incorporation opposite polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts by processive bacteriophage T7 DNA polymerase.
Dose dependency and individual variability in selected clinical, haematological and blood biochemical responses after systemic lipopolysaccharide challenge in cattle.
Genotoxic risk assessment in white blood cells of occupationally exposed workers before and after alteration of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) profile in the production material: comparison with PAH air and urinary metabolite levels.
Neuromotor functions in Inuit preschool children exposed to Pb, PCBs, and Hg.
Dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among road pavers.
Polymorphisms in XRCC1 modify the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, dietary antioxidants, and breast cancer risk.
Chromosomal aberrations in cord blood are associated with prenatal exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Consumption of trans fatty acids is related to plasma biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
Dietary evaluation and attenuation of relative risk: multiple comparisons between blood and urinary biomarkers, food frequency, and 24-hour recall questionnaires: the DEARR study.
Whole-grain rye bread consumption by women correlates with plasma alkylresorcinols and increases their concentration compared with low-fiber wheat bread.
Fatigue-related impairment in the speed, accuracy and variability of psychomotor performance: comparison with blood alcohol levels.
PCB exposure and in vivo CYP1A2 activity among Native Americans.
Necessity to measure PCBs and organochlorine pesticide concentrations in human umbilical cords for fetal exposure assessment.
Numbers of antral follicles during follicular waves in cattle: evidence for high variation among animals, very high repeatability in individuals, and an inverse association with serum follicle-stimulating hormone concentrations.
Consumption of a high calcium mineral water lowers biochemical indices of bone remodeling in postmenopausal women with low calcium intake.
Systemic effects and skin injury after experimental dermal exposure to monochloroacetic acid.
Low mineral intake is associated with high systolic blood pressure in the Third and Fourth National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys: could we all be right?
Comparison of dietary selenium fed to grower-finisher pigs from various regions of the United States on resulting tissue Se and loin mineral concentrations.
The association between blood metal concentrations and heart rate variability: a cross-sectional study.
Effects of chronic sleep deprivation on autonomic activity by examining heart rate variability, plasma catecholamine, and intracellular magnesium levels.
Influence of long-term intervention with dietary counseling, long-chain n-3 fatty acid supplements, or both on circulating markers of endothelial activation in men with long-standing hyperlipidemia.
Changes in iodine excretion in 50-69-y-old denizens of an Arctic society in transition and iodine excretion as a biomarker of the frequency of consumption of traditional Inuit foods.
Validation of peak exercise oxygen consumption and the Heart Failure Survival Score for serial risk stratification in advanced heart failure.
Synthesis of adducts of o-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides.
DNA adduct formation of 14 heterocyclic aromatic amines in mouse tissue after oral administration and characterization of the DNA adduct formed by 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC), analysed by 32P_HPLC.
Comparison of urinary sphingolipids in human populations with high and low maize consumption as a possible biomarker of fumonisin dietary exposure.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in serum samples of workers at an infectious waste incineration plant in Japan.
Validation of a simple patient questionnaire to assist self-detection of overactive bladder. A study in general practice.
A urinary metabolite of phenanthrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolic activation in workers exposed to residual oil fly ash.
DNA damage from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons measured by benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts in mothers and newborns from Northern Manhattan, the World Trade Center Area, Poland, and China.
AT1-receptor antagonism reverses the blood pressure elevation associated with diet-induced obesity.
Analysis of dichloroacetic acid in rat blood and tissues by hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry.
Formation of a mutagenic heterocyclic aromatic amine from creatinine in urine of meat eaters and vegetarians.
Is 24-hour urinary calcium a surrogate marker for dietary calcium intake?
Variability of serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, and soluble interleukin 6 receptor over 2 years in young women.
Inter-individual and intra-individual variability in TNF-alpha production by human peripheral blood cells in vitro.
Theoretical study of aza-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (aza-PAHs), modelling carbocations from oxidized metabolites and their covalent adducts with representative nucleophiles.
The influence of moderate red wine consumption on antioxidant status and indices of oxidative stress associated with CHD in healthy volunteers.
PCB contamination from polysulphide sealants in residential areas-exposure and risk assessment.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase in the evaluation of alcohol consumption. A five-year retrospective study of 633 outpatients in a single center.
Comparison of serum fatty acid ethyl esters and urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol as biochemical markers of recent ethanol consumption.
Costa Rican adolescents have a deleterious nutritional profile as compared to adults in terms of lower dietary and plasma concentrations of antioxidant micronutrients.
The association between coffee consumption and plasma total homocysteine levels: the "ATTICA" study.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in U.S. computers and domestic carpet vacuuming: possible sources of human exposure.
Carbohydrate intake is correlated with biomarkers for coronary heart disease in a population of overweight premenopausal women.
Twenty-week exposures to the drinking water disinfection by-product dibromoacetic acid: reproductive cyclicity and steroid concentrations in the female Sprague-Dawley rat.
Serum concentrations and profiles of polychlorinated biphenyls in Taiwan Yu-cheng victims twenty years after the incident.
Occupation, exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and laryngeal cancer risk.
Intraindividual variation in total and percent free prostate-specific antigen levels in prostate cancer suspects.
High exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons may contribute to high risk of esophageal cancer in northeastern Iran.
Association between dietary factors and plasma adiponectin concentrations in men.
Assessment of the reliability of plasma electrophoresis in birds.
Applicability of the stages of change model for analyzing fruit and vegetable intake in relation to urinary potassium excretion: baseline results from the High-Risk and Population Strategy for Occupational Health Promotion (HIPOP-OHP) Study.
A review of analytical methods for the determination of trichloroethylene and its major metabolites chloral hydrate, trichloroacetic acid and dichloroacetic acid.
The relationship of magnesium intake to serum and urinary calcium and magnesium levels in Trinidadian stone formers.
Significant intestinal excretion, one source of variability in pharmacokinetics of COL-3, a chemically modified tetracycline.
Urinary metabolites of di-n-octyl phthalate in rats.
Evaluation of matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry proteomic profiling: identification of alpha 2-HS glycoprotein B-chain as a biomarker of diet.
Preanalytical variability in laboratory testing: influence of the blood drawing technique.
Transfusion-related exposure to the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in patients receiving plateletpheresis concentrates.
Synthesis of DEHP metabolites as biomarkers for GC-MS evaluation of phthalates as endocrine disrupters.
Residential environmental exposures and other characteristics associated with detectable PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral mononuclear cells in a population-based sample of adult females.
Epidemiology of prolapse and incontinence questionnaire: validation of a new epidemiologic survey.
Effects of including soy protein in a blood cholesterol-lowering diet on markers of cardiac risk in men and in postmenopausal women with and without hormone replacement therapy.
Determination of 16 phthalate metabolites in urine using automated sample preparation and on-line preconcentration/high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Diet and biomarkers of oxidative damage in women previously treated for breast cancer.
Current external and internal exposure to naphthalene of workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in different industries.
Should minimal blood glucose variability become the gold standard of glycemic control?
Determination of dichloromethane, trichloroethylene and perchloroethylene in urine samples by headspace solid phase microextraction gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Hyperinsulinaemia triggered by dietary conjugated linoleic acid is associated with a decrease in leptin and adiponectin plasma levels and pancreatic beta cell hyperplasia in the mouse.
Correlation between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma homocysteine concentration in vitamin B6-deficient rats.
Evaluation of PCDD/Fs patterns emitted from incinerator via direct ambient sampling and indirect serum levels assessment of Taiwanese.
Prevalence of urinary incontinence in relation to self-reported depression, intake of serotonergic antidepressants, and hormone therapy in middle-aged women: a report from the Women's Health in the Lund Area study.
Reproducibility of black-blood coronary vessel wall MR imaging.
Dietary antioxidants and fat are associated with plasma antibody titers to heat shock proteins 60, 65, and 70 in subjects with dyslipidemia.
The endocrine and reproductive function of the female Yucheng adolescents prenatally exposed to PCBs/PCDFs.
Reliability of reporting of self-monitoring of blood glucose in pregnant women.
Formation of PAH-DNA adducts after in vivo and vitro exposure of rats and lung cells to different commercial carbon blacks.
Evaluation and analysis of exposure levels of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate from blood bags.
Congener profiles of PCBs and PCDD/Fs in Yucheng victims fifteen years after exposure to toxic rice-bran oils and their implications for epidemiologic studies.
Urinary sucrose and fructose as biomarkers for sugar consumption.
Association of vegetable intake with urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin level.
Dietary flaxseed alters tumor biological markers in postmenopausal breast cancer.
Detection of recent ethanol intake with new markers: comparison of fatty acid ethyl esters in serum and of ethyl glucuronide and the ratio of 5-hydroxytryptophol to 5-hydroxyindole acetic acid in urine.
Urinary metal and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon biomarkers in boilermakers exposed to metal fume and residual oil fly ash.
Variability of total serum immunoglobulin E levels from birth to the age of 10 years. A prospective evaluation in a large birth cohort (German Multicenter Allergy Study).
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers--plasma levels and thyroid status of workers at an electronic recycling facility.
Measurement of trihalomethanes and methyl tert-butyl ether in whole blood using gas chromatography with high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Comparison of the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal and fetal blood, amniotic and allantoic fluids in cattle.
A rapid self-administered food frequency questionnaire for the evaluation of dietary protein intake.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure assessment by multivariate statistical analysis of serum congener profiles in an adult Native American population.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in German industries: association between exogenous exposure and urinary metabolites and its modulation by enzyme polymorphisms.
Evaluation of brief dietary questions to estimate vegetable and fruit consumption - using serum carotenoids and red-cell folate.
Tribromomethane exposure and dietary folate deficiency in the formation of aberrant crypt foci in the colons of F344/N rats.
Transcription past DNA adducts derived from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Evaluation of the relationships between biochemical endpoints of PAH exposure and physiological endpoints of reproduction in male California Halibut (Paralichthys californicus) exposed to sediments from a natural oil seep.
Short-term variability of biomarkers of proteinase activity in patients with emphysema associated with type Z alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency.
Dietary linolenic acid is inversely associated with calcified atherosclerotic plaque in the coronary arteries: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Carbon and nitrogen stable isotopic composition of hair protein and amino acids can be used as biomarkers for animal-derived dietary protein intake in humans.
Markers associated with inborn errors of metabolism of branched-chain amino acids and their relevance to upper levels of intake in healthy people: an implication from clinical and molecular investigations on maple syrup urine disease.
Serum PCB profiles in Native Americans from Wisconsin based on region, diet, age, and gender: Implications for epidemiology studies.
Effect of an energy-restricted, high-protein, low-fat diet relative to a conventional high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet on weight loss, body composition, nutritional status, and markers of cardiovascular health in obese women.
Higher fat and carbohydrate intake in dementia patients is associated with increased blood glutathione peroxidase activity.
Evaluation of three dietary assessment methods and serum biomarkers as measures of fruit and vegetable intake, using the method of triads.
Effects of 2,2'4,4'5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (PCB 153) on plasma sex steroids and vitellogenin in rockfish (Sebastes schlegeli).
Renal blood flow measurements with use of phase-contrast magnetic resonance imaging: normal values and reproducibility.
Assessment of intra-individual variation in prostate-specific antigen levels in a biennial randomized prostate cancer screening program in Sweden.
Effects of retinoic acid administration and dietary vitamin A supplementation on leptin expression in mice: lack of correlation with changes of adipose tissue mass and food intake.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and biomarkers of reproductive function in young men.
Critical window of male reproductive tract development in rats following gestational exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate.
To what extent do variabilities in hormones, metabolites and energy intake explain variability in milk yield?
In utero exposure to background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and cognitive functioning among school-age children.
APOA1/C3/A4 gene cluster variability and lipid levels in Brazilian children.
Association of cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption and physical activity with lower urinary tract symptoms in older American men: findings from the third National Health And Nutrition Examination Survey.
Relevance and variability of the severity of incontinence, and increased daytime and night-time voiding frequency, associated with quality of life in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Entacapone increases levodopa exposure and reduces plasma levodopa variability when used with Sinemet CR.
DNA adduct formation of benzo[a]pyrene in white blood cells of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Normal reference intervals and ranges of side-to-side and day-to-day variability of ocular blood flow Doppler parameters.
Determination of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (HO-PCBs) in blood plasma by high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem quadrupole mass spectrometry.
Interannual variability in fish biomarkers in a contaminated temperate urban estuary.
Relationship of serum levels of individual PCB, dioxin, and furan congeners and DDE with Great Lakes sport-caught fish consumption.
Association between consumption of beer, wine, and liquor and plasma concentration of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in women aged 39 to 89 years.
Time- and tissue-dependent polychlorinated biphenyl residues in hairless mice after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyl-contaminated soil.
Some dietary and adipose tissue carotenoids are associated with the risk of nonfatal acute myocardial infarction in Costa Rica.
Fish consumption among healthy adults is associated with decreased levels of inflammatory markers related to cardiovascular disease: the ATTICA study.
Detection of phthalate metabolites in human saliva.
Differential effects of dietary saturated and trans-fatty acids on expression of genes associated with insulin sensitivity in rat adipose tissue.
Influence of tap water quality and household water use activities on indoor air and internal dose levels of trihalomethanes.
Alcohol intake and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism modify the relation of folate intake to plasma homocysteine.
Diet-quality scores and plasma concentrations of markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
Relationship of alcohol consumption to 7-year blood pressure change in Japanese men.
Monitoring phthalate exposure in humans.
Consumption of ready-to-eat cereals in relation to health and diet indicators among school adolescents in Crete, Greece.
Influence of diet on exposure to acrylamide--reflections on the validity of a questionnaire.
Reconstruction of methylmercury intakes in indigenous populations from biomarker data.
Physiologically based modeling of the accumulation in plasma and tissue lipids of a mixture of PCB congeners in female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Evaluation of the effect of dietary vegetable consumption on reducing risk of transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder in Scottish Terriers.
Reproducibility of nighttime salivary cortisol and its use in the diagnosis of hypercortisolism compared with urinary free cortisol and overnight dexamethasone suppression test.
Fasting whole blood as a biomarker of essential fatty acid intake in epidemiologic studies: comparison with adipose tissue and plasma.
A low-protein diet exacerbates postprandial chylomicron concentration in moderately dyslipidaemic subjects in comparison to a lean red meat protein-enriched diet.
Allergic sensitisation and allergic rhinitis are associated with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet and in red blood cell membranes.
Intake of Mediterranean vegetable soup treated by pulsed electric fields affects plasma vitamin C and antioxidant biomarkers in humans.
Exposure to low concentrations of di-n-butyl phthalate during embryogenesis reduces survivability and impairs development of Xenopus laevis frogs.
Biomarkers of alcohol consumption in patients classified according to the degree of liver disease severity.
Development of a tool to assess psychosocial indicators of fruit and vegetable intake for 2 federal programs.
The effects of cranberry juice consumption on antioxidant status and biomarkers relating to heart disease and cancer in healthy human volunteers.
Effects of postnatal exposure to a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls, p,p'-dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, and p-p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethene in prepubertal and adult female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Evaluation of an iron specific checklist for the assessment of dietary iron intake in pregnant and postpartum women.
Biological monitoring of carbon disulphide and phthalate exposure in the contemporary rubber industry.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites in nonhatched fulmar eggs from the Faroe Islands.
Validation of a patient-administered questionnaire to measure the severity and bothersomeness of lower urinary tract symptoms in uncomplicated urinary tract infection (UTI): the UTI Symptom Assessment questionnaire.
The changes in circulating levels of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide during exercise and its reproducibility for detection of myocardial ischemia.
Inter- and intraindividual pharmacokinetic variations of mirtazapine and its N-demethyl metabolite in patients treated for major depressive disorder: a 6-month therapeutic drug monitoring study.
Environmental and human impact of an old-timer incinerator in terms of dioxin and PCB level: a case study.
Assessment of human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in Japan using archived samples from the early 1980s and mid-1990s.
Moderate alcohol consumption and lower levels of inflammatory markers in US men and women.
Intravenous exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP): metabolites of DEHP in urine after a voluntary platelet donation.
Evidence of genetic variability of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 in plasma and cervicovaginal lavage in ethiopian women seeking care for sexually transmitted infections.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide as a biomarker of exposure to various vehicle exhausts among highway toll-station workers in Taipei, Taiwan.
Assessment of DNA damage and its modulation by dietary and genetic factors in smokers using the Comet assay: a biomarker model.
Serum hormones in boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Evaluation of the effect of governmental control of human exposure to two phthalates in Japan using a urinary biomarker approach.
Decrease in anogenital distance among male infants with prenatal phthalate exposure.
Relationships among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, proximity to the World Trade Center, and effects on fetal growth.
Identification of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in blood plasma from polybrominated diphenyl ether exposed rats.
Cytogenetic and immunological changes after dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and UV radiation.
Effect of genetic polymorphisms of MnSOD and MPO on the relationship between PAH exposure and oxidative DNA damage.
Relation between reproductive, physiological, and immunological condition of Litopenaeus setiferus pre-adult males fed different dietary protein levels (Crustacea; Penaeidae).
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in children living in city and rural residences in Denmark.
Analysis of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine among workers exposed to diesel particulate exhaust: comparison with urinary metabolites and PAH air monitoring.
Influence of apolipoprotein E genotype on the reliability of the Friedewald formula in the estimation of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations.
An approach to estimate between- and within-group correlation coefficients in multicenter studies: plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables.
Maternal serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene (DDE) and time to pregnancy.
A comparison of three dietary pattern indexes for predicting biomarkers of diet and disease.
Minimum inhibitory concentrations of tulathromycin against respiratory bacterial pathogens isolated from clinical cases in European cattle and swine and variability arising from changes in in vitro methodology.
Disruption of reproductive development in male rat offspring following in utero exposure to phthalate esters.
Design issues in cross-sectional biomarkers studies: urinary biomarkers of PAH exposure and oxidative stress.
Dose-effect relation between daily ethanol intake in the range 0-70 grams and %CDT value: validation of a cut-off value.
Ethyl sulfate: a metabolite of ethanol in humans and a potential biomarker of acute alcohol intake.
GSTM1 [corrected] deletion modifies the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human sperm.
A summary of recent findings on birth outcomes and developmental effects of prenatal ETS, PAH, and pesticide exposures.
Simple solid-phase extraction method for determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and selected organochlorine pesticides in human serum.
Effects of dietary combination of chromium and biotin on growth performance, carcass characteristics, and oxidative stress markers in heat-distressed Japanese quail.
Analysis of week-to-week variability in skin blood flow measurements using wavelet transforms.
Evaluation of the odd fatty acids 15:0 and 17:0 in serum and adipose tissue as markers of intake of milk and dairy fat.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire by direct measurement of habitual ad libitum food intake.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs): changes in thyroid, vitamin A, glutathione homeostasis, and oxidative stress in American kestrels (Falco sparverius).
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and hydroxylated and methoxylated brominated and chlorinated analogues in the plasma of fish from the Detroit River.
Delayed effects on plasma concentration of testosterone and testicular morphology by intramuscular low-dose di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate or oestradiol benzoate in the prepubertal boar.
Sensitivity of circulatory response to alcohol influences the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure in Orientals.
Association of serum phytoestrogen concentration and dietary habits in a sample set of the JACC Study.
Association of serum carotenoid concentration and dietary habits among the JACC Study subjects.
The relationship of breakfast and cereal consumption to nutrient intake and body mass index: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of neural-tube defects in a Mexican American population.
Fluid, electrolyte, and renal indices of hydration during 11 days of controlled caffeine consumption.
Effects of moderate Sicilian red wine consumption on inflammatory biomarkers of atherosclerosis.
The reproducibility of left ventricular volume and mass measurements: a comparison between dual-inversion-recovery black-blood sequence and SSFP.
Maternal levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to preterm and small-for-gestational-age birth.
In utero polychlorinated biphenyl exposures in relation to fetal and early childhood growth.
Plasma lipids and fatty acid composition in parrots in relation to the intake of alpha-linolenic acid from two feed mixtures.
Cytokeratin-20 immunocytology in voided urine exhibits greater sensitivity and reliability than standard cytology in the diagnosis of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Use of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate-containing medical products and urinary levels of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in neonatal intensive care unit infants.
Variability among five over-the-counter blood glucose monitors.
Adhesion, spreading, and aggregation of platelets in flowing blood and the reliability of the retention test Homburg.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in prostate carcinogenesis.
The status of failure and reliability testing of artificial blood pumps.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables: ecological-level correlations in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables: individual-level correlations in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Interseasonal variability in biomarkers of exposure in fish inhabiting a southwestern Australian estuary.
Serum polychlorinated biphenyl and organochlorine insecticide concentrations in a Faroese birth cohort.
Urinary and amniotic fluid levels of phthalate monoesters in rats after the oral administration of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-n-butyl phthalate.
Early post-natal exposure to low dose oral di(2ethylhexyl) phthalate affects the peripheral LH-concentration in plasma, but does not affect mating behavior in the post-pubertal boar.
Association between alcohol consumption and serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate concentration in men with Type 2 diabetes: a link to decreased cardiovascular risk.
Inter-individual variation in brain phenylalanine concentration in patients with PKU is not caused by genetic variation in the 4F2hc/LAT1 complex.
Long-term consumption of a raw food diet is associated with favorable serum LDL cholesterol and triglycerides but also with elevated plasma homocysteine and low serum HDL cholesterol in humans.
Recombination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon photoions with electrons in a flowing afterglow plasma.
Assessment of reference values for polychlorinated biphenyl concentration in human blood.
Quantification of several monohydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection.
Associations of dietary flavonoids with risk of type 2 diabetes, and markers of insulin resistance and systemic inflammation in women: a prospective study and cross-sectional analysis.
Association between school performance, breast milk intake and fatty acid profile of serum lipids in ten-year-old cleft children.
Validation of a two-item quantitative questionnaire for the triage of women with urinary incontinence.
Effect of socioeconomic status on exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE) among pregnant African-American women.
Age at exposure and Apc status influence the levels of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in mouse intestine and liver.
Optimization of the determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum using solid-phase extraction and gas chromatography-electron capture negative ionization mass spectrometry.
Impact of polychlorinated biphenyls contamination on estrogenic activity in human male serum.
Caffeine stimulation of cortisol secretion across the waking hours in relation to caffeine intake levels.
Dietary intake and nutritional indicators are transiently compromised during radiotherapy for rectal cancer.
Variability of Clostridium difficile surface proteins and specific serum antibody response in patients with Clostridium difficile-associated disease.
Effects of infection with Anguillicola crassus and simultaneous exposure with Cd and 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) on the levels of cortisol and glucose in European eel ( Anguilla anguilla ).
High cardiovascular risk in young Saudi males: cardiovascular risk factors, diet and inflammatory markers.
High average daily intake of PCDD/Fs and serum levels in residents living near a deserted factory producing pentachlorophenol (PCP) in Taiwan: influence of contaminated fish consumption.
Does sward height grazed by ewes in mid- to late-pregnancy affect indices of colostrum intake by twin and triplet lambs?
Prevalence of elevated blood lead levels and evaluation of a lead-risk-screening questionnaire in rural Minnesota.
Exposure to PCB and p, p'-DDE in European and Inuit populations: impact on human sperm chromatin integrity.
Reference range levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the US population by measurement of urinary monohydroxy metabolites.
Control of end-tidal PCO2 reduces middle cerebral artery blood velocity variability: implications for physiological neuroimaging.
The use of chemical derivatization to enhance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometric determination of 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
Reference values of coplanar and non-coplanar PCBs in serum samples from two Italian population groups.
Distribution of PCDDs/PCDFs and Co-PCBs in human maternal blood, cord blood, placenta, milk, and adipose tissue: dioxins showing high toxic equivalency factor accumulate in the placenta.
Solid-phase extraction and purification for the quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in fish bile.
Biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by determination of unmetabolized compounds in urine.
Randomized evaluation of Ureteral Stents using validated Symptom Questionnaire.
Determination of 3-nitrotyrosine in human urine at the basal state by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and evaluation of the excretion after oral intake.
Induction of hepatic cytochrome P450 isozymes, benzo(a)pyrene metabolism and DNA binding following exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon residues generated during repeated fish fried oil in rats.
Assessment of soil remediation workers' exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH): biomonitoring of naphthols, phenanthrols, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine.
Personal care product use predicts urinary concentrations of some phthalate monoesters.
In utero exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls and its relations to thyroid function and growth hormone in newborns.
Mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, a metabolite of di-n-octyl phthalate.
Reliability of using reagent test strips to estimate blood urea nitrogen concentration in dogs and cats.
Modulation of gene expression and DNA adduct formation in HepG2 cells by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with different carcinogenic potencies.
Relationship between serum parathyroid hormone levels, vitamin D sufficiency, and calcium intake.
Reliability of human serum protein profiles generated with C8 magnetic beads assisted MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry.
The V227A polymorphism at the PPARA locus is associated with serum lipid concentrations and modulates the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and serum high density lipoprotein concentrations in Chinese women.
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) level in human hair as biomarkers for dietary grilled/stir-fried meat and fish intake.
Dietary PUFA modulate the expression of proliferation and differentiation markers in Morris 3924A hepatoma cells.
Perinatal exposure to low doses of PCB 153 and PCB 126 affects maternal and neonatal immunity in goat kids.
Vitamin E supplementation alters HDL-cholesterol concentration and paraoxonase activity in rabbits fed high-cholesterol diet: comparison with probucol.
Probabilistic risk assessment for personal exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Taiwanese temples.
Asthma attack associated with oxidative stress by exposure to ETS and PAH.
Role of socioeconomic markers and state prohibition policy in predicting alcohol consumption among men and women in India: a multilevel statistical analysis.
Mediterranean diet has no effect on markers of inflammation and metabolic risk factors in patients with coronary artery disease.
Copper chaperone for Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase is a sensitive biomarker of mild copper deficiency induced by moderately high intakes of zinc.
Health risk assessment on human exposed to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons pollution sources.
High-affinity antibodies in a new immunoassay for plasma tissue factor: reduction in apparent intra-individual variation.
Purkinje cell and cerebellar effects following developmental exposure to PCBs and/or MeHg.
Fat intake is associated with serum estrogen and androgen concentrations in postmenopausal Japanese women.
Alcohol use, urinary cortisol, and heart rate variability in apparently healthy men: Evidence for impaired inhibitory control of the HPA axis in heavy drinkers.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) exposure of voluntary plasma and platelet donors.
Associations between plasma lipid parameters and APOC3 and APOA4 genotypes in a healthy population are independent of dietary cholesterol intake.
Quantitative analysis of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in adipose tissue, human serum and foodstuff samples by gas chromatography with ion trap tandem mass spectrometry and isotope dilution.
NOx formation in the plasma treatment of halomethanes.
Urinary oxidative metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in humans.
Associations of plant food, dairy product, and meat intakes with 15-y incidence of elevated blood pressure in young black and white adults: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.
Italian validation of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaires.
Dioxin-like and non-dioxin-like PCBs in human serum of Slovak population.
Exposure of arc-furnace-plant workers to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs).
A simple and fast extraction method for organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in small volumes of avian serum.
Nut and seed consumption and inflammatory markers in the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.
Sperm DNA damage correlates with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons biomarker in coke-oven workers.
Assessing PAH exposure in feral finfish from the Northwest Atlantic.
Relationships between cigarette consumption and biomarkers of tobacco toxin exposure.
Dietary vitamin A has both chronic and acute effects on vitamin A indices in lactating rats and their offspring.
Blood flow in the common carotid artery in term and preterm infants: reproducibility and relation to cardiac output.
Identification of markers for PCB exposure in plasma from Swedish construction workers removing old elastic sealants.
Serum homocysteine concentration of US adults associated with fortified cereal consumption.
Erythrocyte membrane phospholipid composition as a biomarker of dietary fat.
Automated solid-phase extraction and quantitative analysis of 14 phthalate metabolites in human serum using isotope dilution-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility and accuracy of measurements of free and total prostate-specific antigen in serum vs plasma after long-term storage at -20 degrees C.
Determinants of glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes during intensified therapy with multiple daily insulin injections or continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion: importance of blood glucose variability.
Effect of exposure to soil-bound polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on milk contaminations of parent compounds and their monohydroxylated metabolites.
Restricted intraindividual urinary iodine concentration variability in nonfasting subjects.
Randomized controlled trial for an effect of green tea consumption on insulin resistance and inflammation markers.
Inhibitory effects of beer on mutation in the Ames test and DNA adduct formation in mouse organs induced by 2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Interindividual variability in the absorption of ciprofloxacin and hydrocortisone from continent ileal reservoir for urine.
Systematic evaluation of sample preparation methods for gel-based human urinary proteomics: quantity, quality, and variability.
Association between protein intake and blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
Decreasing urinary PAH metabolites and 7-methylguanine after smoking cessation.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in residents near a chemical factory in Italy: the food chain as main source of contamination.
Reliability of rapid urinary test for antibody to Helicobacter pylori in adult patients with proteinuria.
Effect of urban traffic, individual habits, and genetic polymorphisms on background urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion.
Interactive effects between CYP1A1 genotypes and environmental polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans exposures on liver function profile.
The use of fatty acid biomarkers to reflect dietary intake.
Reliability and validity of an assessment of usual phytoestrogen consumption (United States).
Biochemistry examinations and health disorder evaluation of Taiwanese living near incinerators and with low serum PCDD/Fs levels.
Serum sphinganine and the sphinganine to sphingosine ratio as a biomarker of dietary fumonisins during chronic exposure in ducks.
Selective immunoclean-up followed by liquid chromatography for the monitoring of a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine at the ng l-1 level.
Gene expression and estrogen sensitivity in rat uterus after developmental exposure to the polybrominated diphenylether PBDE 99 and PCB.
Impact of varying levels of protein intake on protein status indicators after gastric bypass in patients with multiple complications requiring nutritional support.
Genetic variability in BK Virus regulatory regions in urine and kidney biopsies from renal-transplant patients.
Reproducibility of assays for steroid hormones, prolactin and insulin-like growth factor-1 in umbilical cord blood.
Relationship between daily fluoride intake from diet and the use of dentifrice and human plasma fluoride concentrations.
Determinants of poor adherence in hypertensive patients: development and validation of the "Maastricht Utrecht Adherence in Hypertension (MUAH)-questionnaire".
Reproducibility of skin testing and serum venom specific IgE in Hymenoptera venom allergy.
Effect of dietary supplementation with beta-casein A1 or A2 on markers of disease development in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease.
Epidemiological evidence for an association between habitual tea consumption and markers of chronic inflammation.
Validity and reliability of a questionnaire for evaluating nocturia, nocturnal enuresis and sleep-interruptions in an elderly population.
Temporal associations among energy intake, plasma linoleic acid, and growth improvement in response to treatment initiation after diagnosis of cystic fibrosis.
Fatty liver and hepatic function for residents with markedly high serum PCDD/Fs levels in Taiwan.
Dietary diacylglycerol in a typical meal suppresses postprandial increases in serum lipid levels compared with dietary triacylglycerol.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relationships between alcohol consumption and lipids, blood pressure and body weight indices.
Reproducibility of cerebral blood volume measurements by near infrared spectroscopy in 16 healthy elderly subjects.
Validity and reliability of a new food frequency questionnaire compared to 24 h recalls and biochemical measurements: pilot phase of Golestan cohort study of esophageal cancer.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP): human metabolism and internal exposure-- an update and latest results.
Intra-individual variations and time trends 1991-2001 in human serum levels of PCB, DDE and hexachlorobenzene.
Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and other monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children: a study based on U.S. reference range values.
Effect of a low-fat diet on fatty acid composition in red cells, plasma phospholipids, and cholesterol esters: investigation of a biomarker of total fat intake.
Bone calcium turnover during pregnancy and lactation in women with low calcium diets is associated with calcium intake and circulating insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations.
Primer: questionnaires versus urodynamics in the evaluation of lower urinary tract dysfunction-one, both or none?
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlonnated biphenyls, and polychlorobiphenylols in serum from pregnant Faroese women and their children 7 years later.
Relationships between heart rate variability and urinary albumin excretion in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Comparison between external and internal standard calibration in the validation of an analytical method for 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
The decrease in C-reactive protein concentration after diet and physical activity induced weight reduction is associated with changes in plasma lipids, but not interleukin-6 or adiponectin.
Measurement of eight urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment.
Variability of albumin adducts of 1,4-benzoquinone, a toxic metabolite of benzene, in human volunteers.
Evaluation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, S-phenylmercapturic acid, trans,trans-muconic acid, 3-methyladenine, 3-ethyladenine, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and thioethers as biomarkers of exposure to cigarette smoke.
Reliability of point-of-care hematocrit, blood gas, electrolyte, lactate and glucose measurement during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Relation between benchmark dose and no-observed-adverse-effect level in clinical research: effects of daily alcohol intake on blood pressure in Japanese salesmen.
Effects of perinatal exposure to phthalate/adipate esters on hypothalamic gene expression and sexual behavior in rats.
Reliability of different blood indices to explore the oxidative stress in response to maximal cycling and static exercises.
Exposure assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in temporary municipal-waste-incinerator maintenance workers before and after annual maintenance.
The association of serum leptin with the reduction of food intake and body weight during electroacupuncture in rats.
Lower heart rate variability is associated with higher serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentration in healthy individuals aged 46 years or more.
Polyurethane foam chips combined with liquid chromatography in the determination of unmetabolized polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons excreted in human urine.
Analysis of porcine peripheral blood mononuclear cells proteome by 2-DE and MS: analytical and biological variability in the protein expression level and protein identification.
A reduced protein diet induces stearoyl-CoA desaturase protein expression in pig muscle but not in subcutaneous adipose tissue: relationship with intramuscular lipid formation.
Temporal changes in dietary fats: role of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in excessive adipose tissue development and relationship to obesity.
Exhaled nitric oxide in asthma: variability, relation to asthma severity, and peripheral blood lymphocyte cytokine expression.
The role of stable isotopes in human identification: a longitudinal study into the variability of isotopic signals in human hair and nails.
Associations of vitamin C status, fruit and vegetable intakes, and markers of inflammation and hemostasis.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure to electronics recycling workers--a follow up study.
Validity and systematic error in measuring carotenoid consumption with dietary self-report instruments.
Human PCDD/PCDF levels near a pentachlorophenol contamination site in Tainan, Taiwan.
Levels and distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in various tissues of birds of prey.
Serum PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in Slovakia: age, gender, and residence as determinants of organochlorine concentrations.
Contribution of clinical correlates and 13 C-reactive protein gene polymorphisms to interindividual variability in serum C-reactive protein level.
Institutional variability in the accuracy of urinary cytology for predicting recurrence of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Reduction of tissue transglutaminase autoantibody levels by gluten-free diet is associated with changes in subsets of peripheral blood lymphocytes in children with newly diagnosed coeliac disease.
Variability of antiepileptic medication taking behaviour in sudden unexplained death in epilepsy: hair analysis at autopsy.
Comparison of insulin sensitivity assessment indices with euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp data after a dietary and exercise intervention in older adults.
Consumption of Bing sweet cherries lowers circulating concentrations of inflammation markers in healthy men and women.
Carotenoids from in ovo or dietary sources blunt systemic indices of the inflammatory response in growing chicks (Gallus gallus domesticus).
An assessment of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the UK.
Dietary comparison of conjugated linolenic acid (9 cis, 11 trans, 13 trans) and alpha-tocopherol effects on blood lipids and lipid peroxidation in alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus in rats.
Effect of white wine consumption on oxidative stress markers and homocysteine levels.
Sex differences in risk of lung cancer: Expression of genes in the PAH bioactivation pathway in relation to smoking and bulky DNA adducts.
Automated solid-phase extraction method for measuring urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in human biomonitoring using isotope-dilution gas chromatography high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in South China maternal and fetal blood and breast milk.
Aflatoxin B1 and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon adducts, p53 mutations and p16 methylation in liver tissue and plasma of hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Maternal intake of antioxidant vitamins in pregnancy in relation to maternal and fetal plasma levels at delivery.
Urinary iodine concentration of pregnant women and female adolescents as an indicator of excessive iodine intake in Sri Lanka.
Marked intraindividual variability in antiretroviral concentrations may limit the utility of therapeutic drug monitoring.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE)-induced alterations in vitamin A and thyroid hormone concentrations in the rat during lactation and early postnatal development.
Genetic variability at the leptin receptor (LEPR) locus is a determinant of plasma fibrinogen and C-reactive protein levels.
Changes in breath trihalomethane levels resulting from household water-use activities.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure in 3-year-old Ukrainian children.
Association between carbohydrate intake and serum lipids.
Polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations, congener profiles, and ratios in the fat tissue, eggs, and plasma of snapping turtles (Chelydra s. serpentina) from the Ohio Basin of Lake Erie, USA.
Variability of cerebral hemoglobin concentration in very preterm infants during the first 6 hours of life.
Antioxidant ceruloplasmin is expressed by glomerular parietal epithelial cells and secreted into urine in association with glomerular aging and high-calorie diet.
Association between dietary fiber and serum C-reactive protein.
Responses of inflammatory markers to a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet: effects of energy intake.
Serum fatty acids as biomarkers of fat intake predict serum cholesterol concentrations in a population-based survey of New Zealand adolescents and adults.
Dietary choline and betaine assessed by food-frequency questionnaire in relation to plasma total homocysteine concentration in the Framingham Offspring Study.
Low serum concentrations of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in women with uterine fibromatosis.
Differential metabolomics reveals ophthalmic acid as an oxidative stress biomarker indicating hepatic glutathione consumption.
Green chemistry in urinalysis for trichloroethanol and trichloroacetic acid as markers of exposure to chlorinated hydrocarbon solvents.
Interindividual variations in DNA adduct levels assessed by analysis of multiple genetic polymorphisms in smokers.
Urinary potassium is as reliable as urinary nitrogen for use as a recovery biomarker in dietary studies of free living individuals.
Patterns of serum PCDD/Fs affected by vegetarian regime and consumption of local food for residents living near municipal waste incinerators from Taiwan.
Fast simultaneous determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Alterations of visual evoked potentials in preschool Inuit children exposed to methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls from a marine diet.
PHosphatidylethanol (PEth) concentrations in blood are correlated to reported alcohol intake in alcohol-dependent patients.
Psychometric evaluation of a new questionnaire measuring treatment satisfaction in hypothyroidism: the ThyTSQ.
Does exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in pre-pubertal boars affect semen quality post-puberty?
Sodium in the Finnish diet: II trends in dietary sodium intake and comparison between intake and 24-h excretion of sodium.
Ghrelin response to protein and carbohydrate meals in relation to food intake and glycerol levels in obese subjects.
Adiponectin genetic variability, plasma adiponectin, and cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Interaction between body mass index and alcohol intake in relation to blood pressure in HAN and SHE Chinese.
Distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine pesticides and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human umbilical cord serum, maternal serum and milk from Wielkopolska region, Poland.
Plasma and liver hepatitis C virus variability in patients coinfected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Effects of a carbohydrate-restricted diet on emerging plasma markers for cardiovascular disease.
Effects of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on mental and motor development in Japanese children at 6 months of age.
Diagnostic performance of urinary resveratrol metabolites as a biomarker of moderate wine consumption.
Dietary factors related to higher plasma fibrinogen levels of Japanese-americans in hawaii compared with Japanese in Japan.
Urinary biomarkers of di-isononyl phthalate in rats.
Analysis of the effect of multiple genetic variants of cardiovascular disease risk on insulin concentration variability in healthy adults of the STANISLAS cohort. The role of FGB-455 G/A polymorphism.
Validity and reliability of parental report of frequency, severity and risk factors of urinary tract infection and urinary incontinence in children.
Selected diet and lifestyle factors are associated with estrogen metabolites in a multiracial/ethnic population of women.
Reproducibility of plasma steroid hormones, prolactin, and insulin-like growth factor levels among premenopausal women over a 2- to 3-year period.
Development and psychometric evaluation of the ICIQ Vaginal Symptoms Questionnaire: the ICIQ-VS.
Impact of the revision of a nutrient database on the validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ).
Comparison of two nutrition education approaches to reduce dietary fat intake and serum lipids reveals registered dietitians are effective at disseminating information regardless of the educational approach.
Induction of the transferrin receptor gene by benzo[a]pyrene in breast cancer MCF-7 cells: potential as a biomarker of PAH exposure.
Variability of ovarian structures and plasma progesterone profiles in dairy cows with ovarian cysts.
PTCA determination in human hair: reliability and analytical aspects.
Environmental and occupational exposures and serum PCB concentrations and patterns among Mohawk men at Akwesasne.
G80A reduced folate carrier SNP influences the absorption and cellular translocation of dietary folate and its association with blood pressure in an elderly population.
IGHMBP2 Thr671Ala polymorphism might be a modifier for the effects of cigarette smoking and PAH-DNA adducts to breast cancer risk.
Reliability of an automatic ultrasound system in the post partum period in measuring urinary retention.
Noninvasive identification of interindividual variation in xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes: implications for cancer epidemiology and biomarker studies.
Intraindividual variability of plasma antioxidants, markers of oxidative stress, C-reactive protein, cotinine, and other biomarkers.
Estimated daily phthalate exposures in a population of mothers of male infants exhibiting reduced anogenital distance.
A stochastic model to assess the variability of blood glucose time series in diabetic patients self-monitoring.
Dietary patterns are associated with biochemical markers of inflammation and endothelial activation in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Exposure of prepubertal female rats to inhaled di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate affects the onset of puberty and postpubertal reproductive functions.
Relation of heart rate variability to serum levels of C-reactive protein in patients with unstable angina pectoris.
Exposure to PCB 77 induces tissue-dependent changes in iodothyronine deiodinase activity patterns in the embryonic chicken.
Levels of dioxins, furans and PCBs in human serum and milk of people living in Greece.
Intra- and inter-individual variability in measurements of biomarkers for oxidative damage in vivo: Nutrition and Breast Health Study.
Positive effect of dietary soy in ESRD patients with systemic inflammation--correlation between blood levels of the soy isoflavones and the acute-phase reactants.
Intercalating polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts poison DNA religation by Vaccinia topoisomerase and act as roadblocks to digestion by exonuclease III.
Increased levels of mercury associated with high fish intakes among children from Vancouver, Canada.
Synthesis of the PhIP adduct of 2'-deoxyguanosine and its incorporation into oligomeric DNA.
Chemical synthesis of 2'-deoxyguanosine-C8 adducts with heterocyclic amines: an application to synthesis of oligonucleotides site-specifically adducted with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine.
Translesion synthesis across polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxide adducts of deoxyadenosine by Sulfolobus solfataricus DNA polymerase Dpo4.
Preconception maternal polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and the secondary sex ratio.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and breast cancer: a pooled analysis.
Heart rate variability, hemostatic and acute inflammatory blood parameters in healthy adults after short-term exposure to welding fume.
High cognitive dietary restraint is associated with increased cortisol excretion in postmenopausal women.
Influence of saturated fat and linolenic acid on the association between intake of dairy products and blood pressure.
Study of metabolites from the degradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) by bacterial consortium enriched from mangrove sediments.
High-throughput biomonitoring of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls at the sub-picogram level in human serum.
Long-term moderate magnesium-deficient diet shows relationships between blood pressure, inflammation and oxidant stress defense in aging rats.
Changes in 24-h area-under-the-curve ghrelin values following diet-induced weight loss are associated with loss of fat-free mass, but not with changes in fat mass, insulin levels or insulin sensitivity.
Nutrition education in postmenopausal women: changes in dietary and cardiovascular indices.
Evaluation of PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey of the United States population.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma and the embryonic development in Lake Erie water snakes (Nerodia sipedon insularum) from Pelee Island, Ontario, Canada (1999).
Dietary long-chain n-3 fatty acids of marine origin and serum C-reactive protein concentrations are associated in a population with a diet rich in marine products.
Levels of PCBs and their metabolites in the serum of residents of a highly contaminated area in eastern Slovakia.
Validation and calibration of a model used to reconstruct historical exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons for use in epidemiologic studies.
Does living near a Superfund site contribute to higher polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure?
Estimating exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a comparison of survey, biological monitoring, and geographic information system-based methods.
In long-term bedridden elderly patients with dietary copper deficiency, biochemical markers of bone resorption are increased with copper supplementation during 12 weeks.
Association between consumption of cruciferous vegetables and condiments and excretion in urine of isothiocyanate mercapturic acids.
In vitro studies of polyphenols, antioxidants and other dietary indices in kiwifruit (Actinidia deliciosa).
Reliability of semiquantitative determination of procalcitonin serum concentrations in neonates.
Reliability of Enderlein's darkfield analysis of live blood.
The influence of genetic polymorphisms in Ahr, CYP1A1, CYP1A2, CYP1B1, GST M1, GST T1 and UGT1A1 on urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentrations in healthy subjects from Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Urinary flavonoids and phenolic acids as biomarkers of intake for polyphenol-rich foods.
Variability of blood glucose concentration and short-term mortality in critically ill patients.
External and internal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) among workers in the production of fire-proof materials - proposal of a biological monitoring guidance value.
Association between serum ferritin, hemoglobin, iron intake, and diabetes in adults in Jiangsu, China.
Reliability of the Fagerstrm Test for Nicotine Dependence, Minnesota Nicotine Withdrawal Scale, and Tiffany Questionnaire for Smoking Urges in smokers with and without schizophrenia.
Comparison of women's diet assessed by FFQs and 24-hour recalls with and without underreporters: associations with biomarkers.
Male cardiovascular mortality and dietary markers in 25 population samples of 16 countries.
Dietary calcium as a potential modifier of the relationship of lead burden to blood pressure.
Oxidative metabolites of diisononyl phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment.
Levels and concentration ratios of polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in serum and breast milk in Japanese mothers.
Effect of prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on neurodevelopment in the first 3 years of life among inner-city children.
PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood and fetal and child development in a Chinese cohort.
Effect of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls on incidence of acute respiratory infections in preschool Inuit children.
The significance of putative urinary markers of illicit heroin use after consumption of poppy seed products.
Folate intakes and folate biomarker profiles of pregnant Japanese women in the first trimester.
Reliability of the cloned-enzyme donor immunoassay (CEDIA) for cocaine in human serum in the range between the detection limit and the cut-off.
Human sensitivity to PhIP: a novel marker for prostate cancer risk.
Adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern is positively associated with plasma adiponectin concentrations in diabetic women.
Factor analysis of fatty acids in serum lipids as a measure of dietary fat quality in relation to the metabolic syndrome in men.
Validity and reliability of adult recall of past sun exposure in a case-control study of multiple sclerosis.
Longevity-associated NADH dehydrogenase subunit-2 237 Leu/Met polymorphism influences the effects of alcohol consumption on serum uric acid levels in nonobese Japanese men.
Preliminary study of Ochratoxin A in human plasma in agricultural zones of Chile and its relation to food consumption.
Measurement of urinary monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons using automated liquid-liquid extraction and gas chromatography/isotope dilution high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Validated method for the determination of the ethanol consumption markers ethyl glucuronide, ethyl phosphate, and ethyl sulfate in human urine by reversed-phase/weak anion exchange liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Polychlorinated biphenyl quinone metabolites poison human topoisomerase IIalpha: altering enzyme function by blocking the N-terminal protein gate.
Evaluation of the dietary effects of coenzyme Q in vivo by the oxidative stress marker, hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid and its stereoisomer ratio.
Sensitive biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs): urinary 1-hydroxyprene glucuronide in relation to smoking and low ambient levels of exposure.
Detection of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]-pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in human pancreatic tissues.
Reliability of biomarkers of iron status, blood lipids, oxidative stress, vitamin D, C-reactive protein and fructosamine in two Dutch cohorts.
Gout Assessment Questionnaire: Initial results of reliability, validity and responsiveness.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms CYP1A1, GSTM1, GSTT1 and GSTP1 on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in sugarcane workers.
Detection of alcohol consumption during pregnancy--current and future biomarkers.
Simultaneous determination of urinary hydroxylated metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene and pyrene as multiple biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Blood indices of selenium and mercury, and their correlations with fish intake, in young people living in Britain.
Validity of protein, retinol, folic acid and n-3 fatty acid intakes estimated from the food-frequency questionnaire used in the Danish National Birth Cohort.
Development, validation, and use of English and Spanish versions of the telemedicine satisfaction and usefulness questionnaire.
Relationship of alcohol intake and sex steroid concentrations in blood in pre- and post-menopausal women: the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Occupational exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, and respiratory and urinary tract cancers: a quantitative review to 2005.
Lycopene consumption decreases oxidative stress and bone resorption markers in postmenopausal women.
Reduced antibody responses to vaccinations in children exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood serum from New Zealand.
Changes in blood trihalomethane concentrations resulting from differences in water quality and water use activities.
Effects of exposure of pre-pubertal boars to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on their frozen-thawed sperm viability post-puberty.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition as a biomarker of habitual dietary fat intake in an ethnically diverse cohort.
On-line capillary based quantitative analysis of a heterocyclic amine in human urine.
Mobilization of PCBs from blubber to blood in northern elephant seals (Mirounga angustirostris) during the post-weaning fast.
Exposure to phthalates in neonatal intensive care unit infants: urinary concentrations of monoesters and oxidative metabolites.
Comparison of the urinary excretion time courses of pyrene-1,6-dione, pyrene-1,8-dione and 1-hydroxypyrene in rats intravenously exposed to pyrene.
Associations between exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and temporal change of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in Taiwanese coke-oven workers.
Association of dietary fiber with temporal changes in serum cholesterol in Japanese-Brazilians.
Ethyl glucuronide in hair: Is it a reliable marker of chronic high levels of alcohol consumption?
Quantitative structure-activity relationships for prediction of the toxicity of hydroxylated and quinoid PCB metabolites.
Quantifying phthalate metabolites in human meconium and semen using automated off-line solid-phase extraction coupled with on-line SPE and isotope-dilution high-performance liquid chromatography--tandem mass spectrometry.
Effect of in utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate: distribution in the rat fetus and testosterone production by rat fetal testis in culture.
Role of alpha-tocopherol on antioxidant status in liver, lung and kidney of PCB exposed male albino rats.
Oxygen and glucose consumption in gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas: correlation with markers of hypoxia, acidity and anaerobic glycolysis.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and non-ortho and mono-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls in blood of Yusho patients.
alpha-Tocopherol intake and plasma concentration of Hispanic and non-Hispanic white elders is associated with dietary intake pattern.
Reproducibility of risk figures in 2nd-trimester maternal serum screening for down syndrome: comparison of 2 laboratories.
High von Willebrand factor levels increase the risk of first ischemic stroke: influence of ADAMTS13, inflammation, and genetic variability.
A dose response study following in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP): reproductive effects on adult male offspring rats.
Which questionnaire? A psychometric evaluation of three patient-based outcome measures used to assess surgery for stress urinary incontinence.
Increase of plasma fibrinogen levels and variability with age in a sample of middle aged healthy men.
Improved glucuronide hydrolysis in the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Halogenated organic contaminants and mercury in northern fulmars (Fulmarus glacialis): levels, relationships to dietary descriptors and blood to liver comparison.
Children's exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Altered semen quality in relation to urinary concentrations of phthalate monoester and oxidative metabolites.
Associations among maternal soy intake, isoflavone levels in urine and blood samples, and maternal and umbilical hormone concentrations (Japan).
IgAs against acetaldehyde-modified red cell protein as a marker of ethanol consumption in male alcoholic subjects, moderate drinkers, and abstainers.
Effect of nucleotide intake and nutritional recovery on insulin-like growth factor I and other hormonal biomarkers in severely malnourished children.
Comet assay for the detection of genotoxicity in blood cells of flounder (Paralichthys olivaceus) exposed to sediments and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relationships between pulse wave velocity and heart rate variability in healthy men with a range of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity levels.
Multipathway polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and pyrene exposure among children living in Campania (Italy).
Reproducibility of whole-body 131I scan and serum thyrotropin and stimulated thyroglobulin values in patients studied twice after injection of recombinant human thyrotropin.
Automated solid-phase extraction for the determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in serum--application on archived Norwegian samples from 1977 to 2003.
Coffee consumption and markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in healthy and diabetic women.
Discrete MBL-MASP complexes show wide inter-individual variability in concentration: data from UK vs Armenian populations.
Reliability of serum assays of iron status in postmenopausal women.
Serum sex hormone-binding globulin levels show too much variability to be used effectively as a screening marker for insulin resistance in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Hypercholesterolaemia alters the responses of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory markers to supplementation of the diet with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from fish oil.
Interindividual variability in plasma concentrations after systemic exposure of swine to dietary doxycycline supplied with and without paracetamol: a population pharmacokinetic approach.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels in an expanded market basket survey of U.S. food and estimated PBDE dietary intake by age and sex.
Children show highest levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in a California family of four: a case study.
Risk of colorectal cancer is linked to erythrocyte compositions of fatty acids as biomarkers for dietary intakes of fish, fat, and fatty acids.
Comparison of polymorphisms in genes involved in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolism with urinary phenanthrene metabolite ratios in smokers.
Vitamin D levels in children of asylum seekers in The Netherlands in relation to season and dietary intake.
Determination of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum using headspace solid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-electron capture detection.
Phthalate monoesters in perfusate from a dual placenta perfusion system, the placenta tissue and umbilical cord blood.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma of bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) from the Western Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico.
Induced CYP1A2 activity as a phenotypic biomarker in humans highly exposed to certain PCBs/PCDFs.
Association between coffee consumption and markers of inflammation and cardiovascular function during mental stress.
Individual differences and repeatability of post-prandial changes of plasma-free amino acids in young horses.
Association of serum concentration of organochlorine pesticides with dietary intake and other lifestyle factors among urban Chinese women.
Reliability of assessment of urgency and other symptoms indicating anal sphincter, large bowel or urinary dysfunction.
Development of physiologically based toxicokinetic models for improving the human indoor exposure assessment to water contaminants: trichloroethylene and trihalomethanes.
An evaluation of the performance of the self-rating of the effects of alcohol questionnaire in 12- and 35-year-old subjects.
Marked individual variability in the levels of trimethylselenonium ion in human urine determined by HPLC/ICPMS and HPLC/vapor generation/ICPMS.
Intra- and interindividual variation in gene expression in human adipose tissue.
Variability in non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase and protease inhibitor concentrations among HIV-infected adults in routine clinical practice.
Evaluation of a new measure of blood glucose variability in diabetes.
Prostate cancer risk from occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons interacting with the GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism.
Hypermethylated RASSF1A in maternal plasma: A universal fetal DNA marker that improves the reliability of noninvasive prenatal diagnosis.
Maternal erythrocyte omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, and plasma lipid concentrations, are associated with habitual dietary fish consumption in early pregnancy.
Increased health risk in Bangkok children exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from traffic-related sources.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from central Taiwan and their relation to infant birth outcome and maternal menstruation effects.
The association of left ventricular mass with blood pressure, cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption; data from the LARGE Heart study.
High levels of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in 20 brands of Chinese cigarettes.
Increased plasma oxidized phospholipid:apolipoprotein B-100 ratio with concomitant depletion of oxidized phospholipids from atherosclerotic lesions after dietary lipid-lowering: a potential biomarker of early atherosclerosis regression.
Influence of gender and genetic variability on plasma angiotensin peptides.
Validation of the short forms of the incontinence impact questionnaire (IIQ-7) and the urogenital distress inventory (UDI-6) in a Turkish population.
Lipid peroxidation and antioxidant status in workers exposed to PCDD/Fs of metal recovery plants.
Serum pro-hepcidin concentrations and their responses to oral iron supplementation in healthy subjects manifest considerable inter-individual variation.
Reliability criteria of a bioassay using rats trained to detect estrus-specific odor in cow urine.
Dietary factors and biomarkers involved in the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase genotype-colorectal adenoma pathway.
Variability of voriconazole plasma levels measured by new high-performance liquid chromatography and bioassay methods.
Caffeine N3-demethylation (CYP1A2) in a population with an increased exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls.
DNA damage in human sperm is related to urinary levels of phthalate monoester and oxidative metabolites.
Determination of ethyl sulfate--a marker for recent ethanol consumption--in human urine by CE with indirect UV detection.
Sensitive headspace gas chromatography-mass spectrometry determination of trihalomethanes in urine.
Lutein and zeaxanthin intakes and risk of age-related macular degeneration and cataracts: an evaluation using the Food and Drug Administration's evidence-based review system for health claims.
Dietary magnesium and fiber intakes and inflammatory and metabolic indicators in middle-aged subjects from a population-based cohort.
A dose-response study following in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP): reproductive effects on adult female offspring rats.
Wide variability in laboratory reference values for serum testosterone.
Decreased serum free testosterone in workers exposed to high levels of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) and di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP): a cross-sectional study in China.
International studies of prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and fetal growth.
Integrating biomonitoring exposure data into the risk assessment process: phthalates [diethyl phthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate] as a case study.
A meta-analysis of literature data relating to the relationships between cadmium intake and toxicity indicators in humans.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood from Korean incinerator workers and general population.
Thyroid hormone status of Atlantic croaker exposed to Aroclor 1254 and selected PCB congeners.
Determination of glucuronidated 5-hydroxytryptophol (GTOL), a marker of recent alcohol intake, by ELISA technique.
Association between tofu intake and serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in the elderly Taiwanese.
Carotenoid and tocopherol estimates from the NCI diet history questionnaire are valid compared with multiple recalls and serum biomarkers.
New marker of colon cancer risk associated with heme intake: 1,4-dihydroxynonane mercapturic acid.
Differences in exercising limb blood flow variability between cardiac and muscle contraction cycle related analysis during dynamic knee extensor.
Hydroxy-PCBs, PBDEs, and HBCDDs in serum from an elderly population of Swedish fishermen's wives and associations with bone density.
Dietary onion intake as part of a typical high fat diet improves indices of cardiovascular health using the mixed sex pig model.
Experimental evaluation of the usefulness of feathers as a non-destructive biomonitor for polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) using silastic implants as a novel method of exposure.
Dietary patterns: a Mediterranean diet score and its relation to clinical and biological markers of cardiovascular disease risk.
Design and validation of a new screening instrument for lower urinary tract dysfunction: the bladder control self-assessment questionnaire (B-SAQ).
Decrease in blood triglycerides associated with the consumption of eggs of hens fed with food supplemented with fish oil.
Comparison and analysis of different approaches for estimating the human exposure to phthalate esters.
Phytosterols, but not pectin, added to a high-saturated-fat diet modify saturated fatty acid excretion in relation to chain length.
Higher self-reported physical activity is associated with lower systolic blood pressure: the Dietary Intervention Study in Childhood (DISC).
Effects of tomatoes on the lipid profile.
Comparison of variability in cardiorespiratory measurements following desflurane anesthesia at a multiple of the minimum alveolar concentration for each dog versus a multiple of a single predetermined minimum alveolar concentration for all dogs in a group.
Regression dilution methods for meta-analysis: assessing long-term variability in plasma fibrinogen among 27,247 adults in 15 prospective studies.
Modulation of gene expression and DNA-adduct formation in precision-cut liver slices exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of different carcinogenic potency.
Biomarker validation of a long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid food frequency questionnaire.
Relation of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) I and IGF-binding protein 3 concentrations with intakes of fruit, vegetables, and antioxidants.
Effects of a carbohydrate-restricted diet with and without supplemental soluble fiber on plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and other clinical markers of cardiovascular risk.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid preserves pancreatic function and reduces inflammatory markers in obese, insulin-resistant rats.
Interannual variability of Black-legged Kittiwake productivity is reflected in baseline plasma corticosterone.
Lack of formic acid production in rat hepatocytes and human renal proximal tubule cells exposed to chloral hydrate or trichloroacetic acid.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels in livers of U.S. human fetuses and newborns.
Determinants of the variability of aflatoxin-albumin adduct levels in Ghanaians.
Pharmacokinetic variability of aripiprazole and the active metabolite dehydroaripiprazole in psychiatric patients.
Validation of the assessment of folate and vitamin B12 intake in women of reproductive age: the method of triads.
Variability of plasma melatonin level in pony mares (Equus caballus), comparison with the hybrid: mules and with jennies (Equus asinus).
A pilot study on using urinary 1-hydroxypyrene biomarker for exposure to PAHs in Beijing.
Inflammation and oxidative stress markers by pentoxifylline treatment in rats with chronic renal failure and high sodium intake.
Reliability of urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin as a biomarker in breast cancer.
Plasma phylloquinone (vitamin K1) concentration and its relationship to intake in British adults aged 19-64 years.
Occurrence and daily variation of phthalate metabolites in the urine of an adult population.
Development and validation of a food frequency questionnaire for the assessment of dietary total antioxidant capacity.
Dietary patterns throughout adult life are associated with body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, and red cell folate.
Deconjugation of N-glucuronide conjugated metabolites with hydrazine hydrate--biomarkers for exposure to the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Daily intake of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) by German children -- A comparison of two estimation models based on urinary DEHP metabolite levels.
Response inhibition during Differential Reinforcement of Low Rates (DRL) schedules may be sensitive to low-level polychlorinated biphenyl, methylmercury, and lead exposure in children.
Polymorphisms in vitamin K-dependent gamma-carboxylation-related genes influence interindividual variability in plasma protein C and protein S activities in the general population.
Serum PCBs, p,p'-DDE and HCB predict thyroid hormone levels in men.
Evaluation of nutritional status in patients with kidney disease: usefulness of dietary recall.
A simple and fast method for the simultaneous determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in small volumes of human serum.
Levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in the blood of the non-occupationally exposed residents living in the vicinity of a chemical plant in the Czech Republic.
PCDD/F levels in plasma of a belgian population before and after the 1999 belgian PCB/DIOXIN incident.
Biomonitoring of PCDD/Fs in populations living near portuguese solid waste incinerators: levels in human milk.
Effects of an antiatherogenic diet during pregnancy on markers of maternal and fetal endothelial activation and inflammation: the CARRDIP study.
PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB in human blood and milk from German mothers.
Determination of phenolic metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine as their pentafluorobenzyl ether derivatives using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Immunologic effects of perinatal exposure to dioxins, PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in Japanese infants.
Variability in non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase and protease inhibitors concentrations among HIV-infected adults in routine clinical practice.
Cortisol secretary pattern and glucocorticoid feedback sensitivity in women from a Mediterranean area: relationship with anthropometric characteristics, dietary intake and plasma fatty acid profile.
An increase in dietary n-3 fatty acids decreases a marker of bone resorption in humans.
A study on PCB, PCDD/PCDF industrial contamination in a mixed urban-agricultural area significantly affecting the food chain and the human exposure. Part I: soil and feed.
Increased lean red meat intake does not elevate markers of oxidative stress and inflammation in humans.
Prenatal pesticide and PCB exposures and birth outcomes.
Risk of spontaneous abortion among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls.
Association between dietary habits, education, serum triglycerides and blood cholesterol among women of Cabildo, Buenos Aires.
Intra-individual variation in blood flow velocities in cerebral arteries of children with sickle cell disease.
Strong interference of hemoglobin concentration on CSF total protein measurement using the trichloroacetic acid precipitation method.
Criterion validity of the BBUSQ-22: a questionnaire assessing bowel and urinary tract symptoms in women.
A psychoacoustical model for specifying the level and spectrum of acoustic warning signals in the workplace.
Developmental dental defects in children exposed to PCBs in eastern Slovakia.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon- and aflatoxin-albumin adducts, hepatitis B virus infection and hepatocellular carcinoma in Taiwan.
The relationships between macular pigment optical density and its constituent carotenoids in diet and serum.
Fluorescence in situ hybridization is necessary to detect an association between chromosome aberrations and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in utero and reveals nonrandom chromosome involvement.
Metabolic enzyme induction by HepG2 cells exposed to oxygenated and nonoxygenated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
A diet-induced hypercholesterolemic murine model to study atherogenesis without obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Survey of polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in Spanish commercial foodstuffs.
Polyaromatic hydrocarbon and PAH metabolite burdens in oiled common guillemots (Uria aalge) stranded on the east coast of England (2001 -2002).
Plasma PBDE and thyroxine levels in rats exposed to Bromkal or BDE-47.
Elevated concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene in schoolchildren during winter in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Urinary acrylamide metabolites as biomarkers for short-term dietary exposure to acrylamide.
Dietary and lifestyle factors associated with blood pressure among U.S. adolescents.
Reliability of 1,9-dimethylmethylene blue tests in comparison to agarose gel electrophoresis for quantification of urinary glycosaminoglycans.
Production of inflammatory cytokines by peripheral blood monocytes in chronic alcoholism: relationship with ethanol intake and liver disease.
High throughput method for the determination of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Evaluation of the reproducibility and accuracy of pH-determining devices used to measure urine pH in dogs.
Effects of aqueous exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (Aroclor 1254) on physiology and behavior of smolt development of Atlantic salmon.
Leukocyte polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation and colorectal adenoma.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the serum of US Air Force veterans in 2002.
Effects of vitamins C and E on steroidogenic enzymes mRNA expression in polychlorinated biphenyl (Aroclor 1254) exposed adult rat Leydig cells.
An optimized method for detecting gamma-H2AX in blood cells reveals a significant interindividual variation in the gamma-H2AX response among humans.
Inter- and intra-individual variability in the levels of plasma homovanillic acid in schizophrenic patients.
Variability of parvovirus B19 to inactivation by liquid heating in plasma products.
OPEN about obesity: recovery biomarkers, dietary reporting errors and BMI.
Intake of purple sweet potato beverage affects on serum hepatic biomarker levels of healthy adult men with borderline hepatitis.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire measurement of selected nutrients using biological markers in African-American men.
A valid semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire to measure fish consumption.
Regional sympathetic denervation affects the relation between canine local myocardial blood flow and oxygen consumption.
Triggered replenishment imaging reduces variability of quantitative myocardial contrast echocardiography and allows assessment of myocardial blood flow reserve.
Validation of a FFQ to estimate the intake of PUFA using plasma phospholipid fatty acids and weighed foods records.
Adverse impact of temperature and humidity on blood glucose monitoring reliability: a pilot study.
A 4-day sodium-controlled diet reduces variability of overnight sodium excretion in free-living normotensive adolescents.
Induction of DNA strand breaks in the mussel (Mytilus trossulus) and clam (Protothaca staminea) following chronic field exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from the Exxon Valdez spill.
Role of GSTT1 deletion in DNA oxidative damage by exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in humans.
Chronic hyperglycemia but not glucose variability determines HbA1c levels in well-controlled patients with type 2 diabetes.
Assessment of intra- and interobserver reproducibility of rest and cold pressor test-stimulated myocardial blood flow with (13)N-ammonia and PET.
Inter- and intra-individual variations in normal urinary glycine betaine excretion.
Study on developmental abnormalities in hypospadiac male rats induced by maternal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP).
The association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and fasting indices of glucose homoeostasis: the ATTICA Study.
Validation of a phytoestrogen food frequency questionnaire with urinary concentrations of isoflavones and lignan metabolites in premenopausal women.
1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure among subjects living in two separate regions from a steel mill.
Fetal mouse phthalate exposure shows that Gonocyte multinucleation is not associated with decreased testicular testosterone.
DNA damage, a biomarker of carcinogenesis: its measurement and modulation by diet and environment.
Toenails as a biomarker of inorganic arsenic intake from drinking water and foods.
Impact of iron and steel industry and waste incinerators on human exposure to dioxins, PCBs, and heavy metals: results of a cross-sectional study in Belgium.
Effects of in ovo exposure to PCBs 126 and 77 on mortality, deformities and post-hatch immune function in chickens.
The variability of urinary cotinine levels in young children: implications for measuring ETS exposure.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBS) in pregnant women from eastern Slovakia.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in the blood of pregnant women living in an agricultural community in California.
Pilot study of urinary biomarkers of phytoestrogens, phthalates, and phenols in girls.
Change in plasma lutein after egg consumption is positively associated with plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein size but negatively correlated with body size in postmenopausal women.
Dietary patterns and markers of systemic inflammation among Iranian women.
Altered brain-derived neurotrophic factor blood levels and gene variability are associated with anorexia and bulimia.
The effects of surgical levels of sevoflurane and propofol anaesthesia on heart rate variability.
Chronic exposure to low levels of dibromoacetic acid, a water disinfection by-product, adversely affects reproductive function in male rabbits.
Mediterranean diet, endothelial function and vascular inflammatory markers.
Evaluating associations between Mediterranean diet adherence indexes and biomarkers of diet and disease.
Plasma micronutrients are associated with dietary intake and environmental tobacco smoke exposure in a paediatric population.
Effects of a high walnut and high cashew nut diet on selected markers of the metabolic syndrome: a controlled feeding trial.
Environmental exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Reliability of white blood cell scan in the follow-up of osteomyelitis.
Variability in the relationship between mean plasma glucose and HbA1c: implications for the assessment of glycemic control.
Population pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic modeling of systemic corticosteroid inhibition of whole blood lymphocytes: modeling interoccasion pharmacodynamic variability.
Soy consumption, markers of inflammation, and endothelial function: a cross-over study in postmenopausal women with the metabolic syndrome.
Inhalation and dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in non-smoking university students.
Human exposure to PBDEs: associations of PBDE body burdens with food consumption and house dust concentrations.
Comparison of two dietary folate intake instruments and their validation by RBC folate.
Day-to-day variability of blood glucose concentration curves generated at home in cats with diabetes mellitus.
Internal phthalate exposure over the last two decades--a retrospective human biomonitoring study.
Plasma concentrations of carotenoids and vitamin C are better correlated with dietary intake in normal weight than overweight and obese elderly subjects.
Inhibition of intrinsic proteolytic activities moderates preanalytical variability and instability of human plasma.
Dependence of blood indices of selenium and mercury on estimated fish intake in a national survey of British adults.
PAH-DNA adducts in environmentally exposed population in relation to metabolic and DNA repair gene polymorphisms.
Magnesium intake and plasma concentrations of markers of systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in women.
Grilled meat consumption and PhIP-DNA adducts in prostate carcinogenesis.
Exposure of Americans to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Intra-individual variability in toenail arsenic concentrations in a Michigan population, USA.
Serum concentrations of chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans among former Michigan trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol workers.
Urinary excretion of 13 dietary flavonoids and phenolic acids in free-living healthy subjects - variability and possible use as biomarkers of polyphenol intake.
Association of maternal fat and alcohol intake with maternal and umbilical hormone levels and birth weight.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level relative to vehicle exhaust exposure mediated by metabolic enzyme polymorphisms.
Analysis of urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in incineration workers.
Dietary carbohydrate content influences boron's effect on lipid and protein indices in rats.
Reliability of near-infrared spectroscopy measures of cerebral oxygenation and blood volume during handgrip exercise in nondisabled and traumatic brain-injured subjects.
A comparison of three solvent-free techniques coupled with gas chromatography for determining trihalomethanes in urine samples.
Variability in hydrocortisone plasma and saliva pharmacokinetics following intravenous and oral administration to patients with adrenal insufficiency.
The relationship between biomarkers of oxidative DNA damage, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts, antioxidant status and genetic susceptibility following exposure to environmental air pollution in humans.
Endometriosis among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls.
3-Hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene in the urine of workers with occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in different industries.
Relation between plasma enterodiol and enterolactone and dietary intake of lignans in a Dutch endoscopy-based population.
Urinary hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as biomarkers of exposure in asphalt workers.
Factor structure and validity of the Medication Adherence Questionnaire (MAQ) with cigarette smokers trying to quit.
Relative validity of fruit and vegetable intake estimated by the food frequency questionnaire used in the Danish National Birth Cohort.
A randomised comparison of increase in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration after 4 weeks of daily oral intake of 10 microg cholecalciferol from multivitamin tablets or fish oil capsules in healthy young adults.
Oxidative stress modulates membrane bound ATPases in brain regions of PCB (Aroclor 1254) exposed rats: protective role of alpha-tocopherol.
A reduction in alcohol consumption is associated with reduced plasma F2-isoprostanes and urinary 20-HETE excretion in men.
Variability in apo(a) gene regulatory sequences, compound genotypes, and association with Lp(a) plasma levels.
Airway inflammation and adjuvant effect after repeated airborne exposures to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and ovalbumin in BALB/c mice.
Reliability and validity of the Incontinence Quality of Life questionnaire in patients with neurogenic urinary incontinence.
Validation of three food frequency questionnaires to assess dietary calcium intake in adults.
Association between serum CRP concentrations with dietary intake in healthy and dyslipidaemic patients.
Trichotillometry: the reliability and practicality of hair pluckability as a method of nutritional assessment.
Exposure to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: influences on cellular susceptibility to DNA damage (sampling Kosice and Sofia).
Developmental delays and locomotor activity in the C57BL6/J mouse following neonatal exposure to the fully-brominated PBDE, decabromodiphenyl ether.
Development and validation of four-item version of Male Sexual Health Questionnaire to assess ejaculatory dysfunction.
The influence of age at exposure to PBBs on birth outcomes.
Effects of plant sterol and stanol ester consumption on lipid metabolism, antioxidant status and markers of oxidative stress, endothelial function and low-grade inflammation in patients on current statin treatment.
Racial differences in clinical and pathological associations with PhIP-DNA adducts in prostate.
Dietary exposure to methyl mercury and PCB and the associations with semen parameters among Swedish fishermen.
Variability of NT-proBNP plasma and urine levels in patients with stable heart failure: a 2-year follow-up study.
Development and validation of the Diabetes Obstacles Questionnaire (DOQ) to assess obstacles in living with Type 2 diabetes.
Thyroid hormone status of newborns in relation to in utero exposure to PCBs and hydroxylated PCB metabolites.
Urine flavonoids and plasma carotenoids in the validation of fruit, vegetable and tea intake during pregnancy in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
The influence of metabolic gene polymorphisms on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers.
Urinary metabolites of diisodecyl phthalate in rats.
Dermal exposure and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene among asphalt roofing workers.
Dynamic blood pressure control and middle cerebral artery mean blood velocity variability at rest and during exercise in humans.
The reliability of nipple aspirate and ductal lavage in women at increased risk for breast cancer--a potential tool for breast cancer risk assessment and biomarker evaluation.
Reproducibility of serum sex steroid assays in men by RIA and mass spectrometry.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasonographic measurement of equine digital blood flow.
Congener-specific approach to human PCB concentrations by serum analysis.
Genetic deletion of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A is associated with resistance to atherosclerotic lesion development in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice challenged with a high-fat diet.
Milk and urine excretion of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their hydroxylated metabolites after a single oral administration in ruminants.
Coarse particulate matter (PM2.5-10) affects heart rate variability, blood lipids, and circulating eosinophils in adults with asthma.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, DDT, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and organic pesticides in United Kingdom harbor seals (Phoca vitulina)--mixed exposures and thyroid homeostasis.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess folate intake of Dutch elderly people.
Effects of two marine dietary supplements with high calcium content on calcium metabolism and biochemical marker of bone resorption.
Associations between postprandial insulin and blood glucose responses, appetite sensations and energy intake in normal weight and overweight individuals: a meta-analysis of test meal studies.
1,2-Dimethylimidazole-4-sulfonyl chloride, a novel derivatization reagent for the analysis of phenolic compounds by liquid chromatography electrospray tandem mass spectrometry: application to 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Reliability of mini-bronchoalveolar lavage for the measurement of epithelial lining fluid concentrations of tobramycin in critically ill patients.
Efficient syntheses of C(8)-aryl adducts of adenine and guanine formed by reaction of radical cation metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with DNA.
Biomarkers to disclose recent intake of alcohol: potential of 5-hydroxytryptophol glucuronide testing using new direct UPLC-tandem MS and ELISA methods.
Characterizing and biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in exposures to diesel exhaust.
Self-reported dietary supplement use is confirmed by biological markers in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Assessment of human exposure to di-isodecyl phthalate using oxidative metabolites as biomarkers.
Thyroid ultrasound volume, structure and function after long-term high exposure of large population to polychlorinated biphenyls, pesticides and dioxin.
DNA adducts and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) tissue levels in blue mussels (Mytilus spp.) from Nordic coastal sites.
Studies of a urinary biomarker of dietary inorganic sulphur in subjects on diets containing 1-38 mmol sulphur/day and of the half-life of ingested 34SO4(2-).
Relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire used in the Inter99 study.
Dietary intake of B(6-9-12) vitamins, serum homocysteine levels and their association with depressive symptoms: the Zutphen Elderly Study.
Partial volume effect compensation for improved reliability of quantitative blood-brain barrier permeability.
Nutrition education alone improves dietary practices but not hematologic indices of adolescent girls in Iran.
Early pre-pubertal exposure to low-dose oral di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate does not affect sperm plasma membrane stability, acrosomal integrity or chromatin structure in the post-pubertal boar.
Polychlorinated biphenyl levels in peripheral blood and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a report from three cohorts.
Path analysis of biomarkers of exposure and early biological effects among coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Associations between smoking, polymorphisms in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolism and conjugation genes and PAH-DNA adducts in prostate tumors differ by race.
Serum and dietary vitamin E in relation to prostate cancer risk.
Within-individual stability of obesity-related biomarkers among women.
Potential use of biomarkers for analyzing interpopulation and cross-cultural variability in reproductive aging.
Review on uraemic solutes II--variability in reported concentrations: causes and consequences.
The reliability of the frequency-volume chart in assessing lower urinary tract symptoms.
Comparative analysis of interindividual variations in the seminal plasma proteome of fertile men with identification of potential markers for azoospermia in infertile patients.
Increased plasma concentrations of lipoprotein(a) during a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet are associated with increased plasma concentrations of apolipoprotein C-III bound to apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins.
Application of proteomic technologies to discover and identify biomarkers for excessive alcohol consumption: a review.
Twenty-four-hour urinary thiamine as a biomarker for the assessment of thiamine intake.
Oxytocinergic and serotonergic systems involvement in sodium intake regulation: satiety or hypertonicity markers?
Biological monitoring of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) by determination of monohydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene and pyrene in urine.
Relationship of dietary protein and soy isoflavones to serum IGF-1 and IGF binding proteins in the Prostate Cancer Lifestyle Trial.
Nutrient and food intake in relation to serum leptin concentration among young Japanese women.
Maternal and cord serum exposure to PCB and DDE methyl sulfone metabolites in eastern Slovakia.
Effectiveness of a soy-based compared with a traditional low-calorie diet on weight loss and lipid levels in overweight adults.
Effects of lifestyle on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration.
Evaluation of the effect of heat exposure on the autonomic nervous system by heart rate variability and urinary catecholamines.
Serum concentrations of interleukin-8 in relation to different levels of alcohol consumption.
Liver-specific increase of UTP and UDP-sugar concentrations in rats induced by dietary vitamin B6-deficiency and its relation to complex N-glycan structures of liver membrane-proteins.
Reproducibility of the capsaicin-induced dermal blood flow response as assessed by laser Doppler perfusion imaging.
Part of the interindividual variation in serum testosterone levels in healthy men reflects differences in androgen sensitivity and feedback set point: contribution of the androgen receptor polyglutamine tract polymorphism.
Development and validation of a short questionnaire to assess sodium intake.
Higher urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration is associated with cooking practice in a Chinese population.
HPLC with diode-array detection for the simultaneous determination of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in seminal plasma.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in cervix of women infected with carcinogenic human papillomavirus types: an immunohistochemistry study.
Congener profiles of occupational PCB exposure versus PCB exposure from fish consumption.
High sodium intake strengthens the association of ACE I/D polymorphism with blood pressure in a community.
Concentrations of urinary phthalate metabolites are associated with increased waist circumference and insulin resistance in adult U.S. males.
Positive associations of serum concentration of polychlorinated biphenyls or organochlorine pesticides with self-reported arthritis, especially rheumatoid type, in women.
Alterations in the autonomic control of heart rate variability in patients with anorexia or bulimia nervosa: correlations between sympathovagal activity, clinical features, and leptin levels.
Long-term fish intake is associated with better lipid profile, arterial blood pressure, and blood glucose levels in elderly people from Mediterranean islands (MEDIS epidemiological study).
Environmental exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons--the interpretation of cytogenetic analysis by FISH.
Lower heart rate variability is associated with higher plasma concentrations of IL-6 in type 1 diabetes.
Interindividual variability in the concentration-effect relationship of antilymphocyte globulins - a possible influence of FcgammaRIIIa genetic polymorphism.
The rationale for paired pre- and postprandial self-monitoring of blood glucose: the role of glycemic variability in micro- and macrovascular risk.
Intake of phthalates and di(2-ethylhexyl)adipate: results of the Integrated Exposure Assessment Survey based on duplicate diet samples and biomonitoring data.
Inflammatory markers are not altered by an eight week dietary alpha-linolenic acid intervention in healthy abdominally obese adult males and females.
Comparison between plasma and erythrocyte fatty acid content as biomarkers of fatty acid intake in US women.
Within-subject variation of plasma resistin levels over a 1-year period.
Maternal exposure to polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls: infant birth weight and gestational age.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers among workers at an electronic waste dismantling region in Guangdong, China.
Systolic arterial pressure variability reflects circulating blood volume alterations in hemorrhagic shock in rabbits.
Plasma n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as biomarkers of their dietary intakes: a cross-sectional study within a cohort of middle-aged French men and women.
A randomized trial of a hypocaloric high-protein diet, with and without exercise, on weight loss, fitness, and markers of the Metabolic Syndrome in overweight and obese women.
Elevation protective role of Camellia sinensis and Urtica dioica infusion against trichloroacetic acid-exposed in rats.
Relationship between dietary folate intakes, maternal plasma total homocysteine and B-vitamins during pregnancy and fetal growth in Japan.
Genetic variation of TP53, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-related exposures, and breast cancer risk among women on Long Island, New York.
Within-day reproducibility of an HPLC-MS-based method for metabonomic analysis: application to human urine.
Dietary fat intake and relationship to serum lipid levels in HIV-infected patients with metabolic abnormalities in the HAART era.
An alternatively spliced cytochrome P4501A1 in human brain fails to bioactivate polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to DNA-reactive metabolites.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 195 pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Pinto bean consumption reduces biomarkers for heart disease risk.
Reliability of oxidative stress biomarkers in hemodialysis patients: a comparative study.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites may alter thyroid hormone levels in men.
Measurement of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and metabolites in mouse plasma after exposure to a commercial pentabromodiphenyl ether mixture.
A novel mechanism for polychlorinated biphenyl-induced decrease in serum thyroxine level in rats.
Directing role of organic anion transporters in the excretion of mercapturic acids of alkylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
An analysis of the relationship between plasma urea and ammonia concentration in dairy cattle fed a consistent diet over a 100-day period.
Variability in postheparin hepatic lipase activity is associated with plasma adiponectin levels in African Americans.
Disposition of bromodichloromethane in humans following oral and dermal exposure.
Environmental exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls reduce levels of gonadal hormones in newborns: results from the Duisburg cohort study.
Risk assessment of great horned owls (Bubo virginianus) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and DDT along the Kalamazoo River, Michigan, USA.
Plasma to egg conversion factor for evaluating polychlorinated biphenyl and DDT exposures in great horned owls and bald eagles.
Biomarkers of the intake of dietary polyphenols: strengths, limitations and application in nutrition research.
Variability in teicoplanin protein binding and its prediction using serum albumin concentrations.
No effect on oxidative stress biomarkers by modified intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids or vegetables and fruit.
Significant positive correlation of plasma BPDE-albumin adducts to urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers.
Biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-associated hemolytic anemia in oiled wildlife.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers relative to job category, respirator usage, and cigarette smoking.
Human serum albumin (HSA) nanoparticles: reproducibility of preparation process and kinetics of enzymatic degradation.
Determination of hydroxy metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma and tissue by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry.
Epidemiologic assessment of sugars consumption using biomarkers: comparisons of obese and nonobese individuals in the European prospective investigation of cancer Norfolk.
Binary PAH mixtures cause additive or antagonistic effects on gene expression but synergistic effects on DNA adduct formation.
Quantitative identification of unknown exposure pathways of phthalates based on measuring their metabolites in human urine.
Developmental exposure to decabromodiphenyl ether (PBDE 209): effects on thyroid hormone and hepatic enzyme activity in male mouse offspring.
Genetic variability of human diamine oxidase: occurrence of three nonsynonymous polymorphisms and study of their effect on serum enzyme activity.
Analysis of PBDEs in soil, dust, spiked lake water, and human serum samples by hollow fiber-liquid phase microextraction combined with GC-ICP-MS.
Associations between urinary phthalate monoesters and thyroid hormones in pregnant women.
The impact of non-model-related variability on blood glucose prediction.
Trace element levels in adults from the west coast of Canada and associations with age, gender, diet, activities, and levels of other trace elements.
Validity of Pelvic Pain, Urgency, and Frequency questionnaire in patients with interstitial cystitis/painful bladder syndrome.
Certification of SRM 1589a PCBs, pesticides, PBDEs, and dioxins/furans in human serum.
Assessment of human exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers in China via fish consumption and inhalation.
Risk assessment of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by means of urinary1-hydroxypyrene.
Evaluation of folate status by serum and erythrocyte folate levels and dietary folate intake in Taiwanese schoolchildren.
A dietary iodine questionnaire: correlation with urinary iodine and food diaries.
Blood HDL cholesterol levels influence association of alcohol intake with blood pressure in young men but not in middle-aged men.
Exposure and health-risk assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) for sinter plant workers.
Blood levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children of Lucknow, India.
Serum PCB levels and congener profiles among US construction workers.
Placental transfer of polychlorinated biphenyls, their hydroxylated metabolites and pentachlorophenol in pregnant women from eastern Slovakia.
The internal exposure of Taiwanese to phthalate--an evidence of intensive use of plastic materials.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers associated with consumption of marine and freshwater fish in Hong Kong.
Consumption of isoflavone-rich soy protein does not alter homocysteine or markers of inflammation in postmenopausal women.
Maternal serum polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations across critical windows of human development.
Systemic uptake of diethyl phthalate, dibutyl phthalate, and butyl paraben following whole-body topical application and reproductive and thyroid hormone levels in humans.
Fatty acid desaturase regulation in adipose tissue by dietary composition is independent of weight loss and is correlated with the plasma triacylglycerol response.
Genetic polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha modify the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and fasting HDL-cholesterol and apo A-I concentrations.
Urinary metabolites as biomarkers of acrylamide exposure in mice following dietary crisp bread administration or subcutaneous injection.
Analysis of the uncertainty in internal dose estimate resulting from biological stochastic variability of excretion.
Reliability of an automatic ultrasound system for detecting postpartum urinary retention after vaginal birth.
Repeatability of central aortic blood pressures measured non-invasively using radial artery applanation tonometry and peripheral pulse wave analysis.
Hair mercury levels in relation to fish consumption in a community of the Moroccan Mediterranean coast.
Validity of a self-administered questionnaire, with reference to a clinical stress urinary incontinence test.
Relationship of alcohol consumption and type of alcoholic beverage consumed with plasma lipid levels: differences between Whites and African Americans of the ARIC study.
The association of a tobacco-specific biomarker and cigarette consumption and its dependence on host characteristics.
Dose-response modeling of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with biomarkers of exposure and effect.
Phytanic acid: measurement of plasma concentrations by gas-liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis and associations with diet and other plasma fatty acids.
Exposure of electronics dismantling workers to polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides in South China.
Cadmium dietary intake and biomarker data in French high seafood consumers.
Design characteristics of food frequency questionnaires in relation to their validity.
Mapping gene expression changes in the fetal rat testis following acute dibutyl phthalate exposure defines a complex temporal cascade of responding cell types.
Relating mean blood glucose and glucose variability to the risk of multiple episodes of hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes.
Effect of In Ovo exposure to an organochlorine mixture extracted from double crested cormorant eggs (Phalacrocorax auritus) and PCB 126 on immune function of juvenile chickens.
Total alpha-tocopherol intakes are associated with serum alpha-tocopherol concentrations in African American adults.
Variability of mycophenolate mofetil trough levels in stable kidney transplant patients.
Phthalates: toxicology and exposure.
Comparison of demography, diet, lifestyle, and serum lipid levels between the Guangxi Bai Ku Yao and Han populations.
Relations of adipose tissue CIDEA gene expression to basal metabolic rate, energy restriction, and obesity: population-based and dietary intervention studies.
PAH-DNA adducts in a Chinese population: relationship to PAH exposure, smoking and polymorphisms of metabolic and DNA repair genes.
Arterial blood flow of all abdominal-pelvic organs using Doppler ultrasound: range, variability and physiological impact.
Analysis of DNA adducts formed in vivo in rats and mice from 1,2-dibromoethane, 1,2-dichloroethane, dibromomethane, and dichloromethane using HPLC/accelerator mass spectrometry and relevance to risk estimates.
Life style habits such as alcohol consumption and physical activity in relation to serum apoB / apoA-I ratio amongst 64-year-old women with varying degrees of glucose tolerance.
Dietary iron intake and serum ferritin in relation to 7.5 years structure and function of large arteries in the SUVIMAX cohort.
The association between betaine and choline intakes and the plasma concentrations of homocysteine in women.
Statins and dietary and serum cholesterol are associated with increased lean mass following resistance training.
Marital status and variability in cortisol excretion in postmenopausal women.
Can a faked cystometry deceive patients in their perception of filling sensations? A study on the reliability of spontaneously reported cystometric filling sensations in patients with non-neurogenic lower urinary tract dysfunction.
Effect of consumption of the nutrient-dense, freshwater small fish Amblypharyngodon mola on biochemical indicators of vitamin A status in Bangladeshi children: a randomised, controlled study of efficacy.
Effects of etoricoxib and comparator nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on urinary sodium excretion, blood pressure, and other renal function indicators in elderly subjects consuming a controlled sodium diet.
Low folate status enhanced benzene-induced cytogenetic damage in bone marrow of mice: a relationship between dietary intake and tissue levels of folate.
Reliability of urinary albumin, total protein, and creatinine assays after prolonged storage: the Family Investigation of Nephropathy and Diabetes.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by acid hydrolysis coupled to solid-phase microextraction and semi-microcolumn liquid chromatography.
The role of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in inducing mutations in mouse skin.
Plasma and dietary carotenoids are associated with reduced oxidative stress in women previously treated for breast cancer.
Polymorphisms in nucleotide excision repair genes, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, and breast cancer risk.
Gene expression variability in subcutaneous and omental adipose tissue of obese men.
Long-term influence of diet and/or omega-3 fatty acids on matrix metalloproteinase-9 and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A in men at high risk of coronary heart disease.
New insights in the formation of deoxynucleoside adducts with the heterocyclic aromatic amines PhIP and IQ by means of ion trap MSn and accurate mass measurement of fragment ions.
Autonomic nervous system activity during bladder filling assessed by heart rate variability analysis in women with idiopathic overactive bladder syndrome or stress urinary incontinence.
Plasma concentrations of selected organobromine compounds and polychlorinated biphenyls in postmenopausal women of Qubec, Canada.
Diabetes in relation to serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and chlorinated pesticides in adult Native Americans.
Associations between prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and neonatal thyroid-stimulating hormone levels in a Mexican-American population, Salinas Valley, California.
Relationship between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, environmental tobacco smoke, and child development in the World Trade Center cohort.
Microwave-assisted Suzuki cross-coupling reaction, a key step in the synthesis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their metabolites.
Validation of the Dutch version of the brief young adult alcohol consequences questionnaire (B-YAACQ).
Effect of dried-bonito broth intake on peripheral blood flow, mood, and oxidative stress marker in humans.
Elevated PBDE levels in pet cats: sentinels for humans?
Ethnicity is an independent correlate of biomarkers of micronutrient intake and status in American adults.
Exposure to heterocyclic aromatic amines from the consumption of cooked red meat and its effect on human cancer risk: a review.
Beef meat promotion of dimethylhydrazine-induced colorectal carcinogenesis biomarkers is suppressed by dietary calcium.
Starch source evaluation in calf starter: I. Feed consumption, body weight gain, structural growth, and blood metabolites in Holstein calves.
DNA variants, plasma levels and variability of C-reactive protein in myocardial infarction survivors: results from the AIRGENE study.
Milk intake and feeding behavior in the first week of life and its relationship to cord blood ghrelin, leptin, and insulin concentrations.
Variability and predictability of large-volume red blood cell transfusion in cardiac surgery: a multicenter study.
Reliability of studies of iodine intake and recommendations for number of samples in groups and in individuals.
DNA adducts formation and induction of apoptosis in rat liver epithelial 'stem-like' cells exposed to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Viral infection and PBDE exposure interact on CYP gene expression and enzyme activities in the mouse liver.
The prevalence of low serum zinc and copper levels and dietary habits associated with serum zinc and copper in 12- to 36-month-old children from low-income families at risk for iron deficiency.
The influence of diagnosis, intra- and inter-person variability on serum and plasma Abeta levels.
Temporal variability in urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, phytoestrogens and phenols among minority children in the United States.
Determination of hydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by fully automated solid-phase microextraction derivatization and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Genome scan for determinants of serum uric acid variability.
Alcohol consumption, cardiovascular health, and endothelial function markers.
A simplified hollow-fibre supported liquid membrane extraction method for quantification of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in urine and plasma samples.
A population-based study in Ghana to investigate inter-individual variation in plasma t-PA and PAI-1.
Dietary indicators for assessing the adequacy of population zinc intakes.
Reproducibility of blood tests of liver fibrosis in clinical practice.
Distribution of PCDDs, PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in the blood, testis and adipose tissue of suckling beef calves.
Down-regulation of adhesion molecules and other inflammatory biomarkers after moderate wine consumption in healthy women: a randomized trial.
Interaction between dietary fat intake and the cholesterol ester transfer protein TaqIB polymorphism in relation to HDL-cholesterol concentrations among US diabetic men.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human umbilical cord serum, paternal serum, maternal serum, placentas, and breast milk from Madrid population, Spain.
Decreased blood antioxidant capacity and increased lipid peroxidation in young cigarette smokers compared to nonsmokers: Impact of dietary intake.
Quantification of 22 phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Is plasma vitamin C an appropriate biomarker of vitamin C intake? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Determination of chemopreventive role of Foeniculum vulgare and Salvia officinalis infusion on trichloroacetic acid-induced increased serum marker enzymes lipid peroxidation and antioxidative defense systems in rats.
Changes in plasma free fatty acid levels in septic patients are associated with cardiac damage and reduction in heart rate variability.
Common haplotypes of the C-reactive protein gene and circulating leptin levels influence the interindividual variability in serum C-reactive protein levels. The Segovia study.
Simple and sensitive quantification of bioactive peptides in biological matrices using liquid chromatography/selected reaction monitoring mass spectrometry coupled with trichloroacetic acid clean-up.
Serum levels of immunoglobulins (IgG, IgA, IgM) in a general adult population and their relationship with alcohol consumption, smoking and common metabolic abnormalities.
Whole-grain intake as a marker of healthy body weight and adiposity.
Intra-individual variation of plasma adipokine levels and utility of single measurement of these biomarkers in population-based studies.
Ascorbate and dehydroascorbic acid as reliable biomarkers of oxidative stress: analytical reproducibility and long-term stability of plasma samples subjected to acidic deproteinization.
Blood phenylalanine monitoring for dietary compliance among patients with phenylketonuria: comparison of methods.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in Steller's eiders (Polysticta stelleri) and Harlequin ducks (Histronicus histronicus) in the eastern Aleutian Islands, Alaska, USA.
Greater habitual soyfood consumption is associated with decreased carotid intima-media thickness and better plasma lipids in Chinese middle-aged adults.
Inhibition of human placental aromatase activity by hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers (OH-PBDEs).
Relationship between serum parathyroid hormone, vitamin D sufficiency, age, and calcium intake.
Accuracy and reproducibility of automated estradiol-17beta and progesterone assays using native serum samples: results obtained in the Belgian external assessment scheme.
Prevalence of hypertension and association of dietary mineral intake with blood pressure in healthy schoolchildren from northern Greece aged 7-15 years.
Long-term strict raw food diet is associated with favourable plasma beta-carotene and low plasma lycopene concentrations in Germans.
Maternal exposure to water disinfection by-products during gestation and risk of hypospadias.
Relationships of blood lead to calcium, iron, and vitamin C intakes in Brazilian pregnant women.
Urine pH is an indicator of dietary acid-base load, fruit and vegetables and meat intakes: results from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Norfolk population study.
Addition of oat hulls to an extruded rice-based diet for weaner pigs ameliorates the incidence of diarrhoea and reduces indices of protein fermentation in the gastrointestinal tract.
Metabolite profiles of di-n-butyl phthalate in humans and rats.
Prostate-specific antigen levels in relation to cadmium exposure and zinc intake: results from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
A preliminary analysis of within-subject variation in human serum oxidative stress parameters as a function of time.
Intraindividual variation in levels of serum testosterone and other reproductive and adrenal hormones in men.
Carotenoid intakes, assessed by food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs), are associated with serum carotenoid concentrations in the Jackson Heart Study: validation of the Jackson Heart Study Delta NIRI Adult FFQs.
Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group C genotypes/diplotypes play no independent or interaction role with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adducts for breast cancer risk.
High serum PCBs are associated with elevation of serum lipids and cardiovascular disease in a Native American population.
Dietary fiber is associated with serum sex hormones and insulin-related peptides in postmenopausal breast cancer survivors.
Evaluation of urinary iodine excretion as a biomarker for intake of milk and dairy products in pregnant women in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
1-Hydroxypyrene concentrations in first morning voids and 24-h composite urine: intra- and inter-individual comparisons.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and semen quality: a review of a potential biomarker of susceptibility.
Phthalates: metabolism and exposure.
Coffee consumption is associated with higher plasma adiponectin concentrations in women with or without type 2 diabetes: a prospective cohort study.
An examination of the evidence supporting the association of dietary cholesterol and saturated fats with serum cholesterol and development of coronary heart disease.
Assay-dependent variability of serum insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance test: influence on reference intervals for insulin and on cut-off values for insulin sensitivity indices.
Gene expression profiling in rat cerebellum following in utero and lactational exposure to mixtures of methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides.
Shape variability and classification of human hair: a worldwide approach.
Roles of the genetic variation of alcohol-metabolizing enzymes on biomarkers in trauma patients with excessive alcohol intake at emergency department.
Prenatal caffeine assessment: fetal and maternal biomarkers or self-reported intake?
Relation of dietary salt and aldosterone to urinary protein excretion in subjects with resistant hypertension.
Determinants of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in an urban population.
The relation of soy intake and isoflavone levels in nipple aspirate fluid.
Pilot evaluation of functional questionnaire for predicting ability of patients with tetraplegia to self-catheterize after continent diversion.
Developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls PCB153 or PCB126 impairs learning ability in young but not in adult rats.
The Duisburg birth cohort study: influence of the prenatal exposure to PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs on thyroid hormone status in newborns and neurodevelopment of infants until the age of 24 months.
Biological monitoring of occupational exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate: survey of workers exposed to plastisols.
Blood levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children and their association with oxidative stress indices: an Indian perspective.
New reference value and the background exposure for the PAH metabolites 1-hydroxypyrene and 1- and 2-naphthol in urine of the general population in Germany: basis for validation of human biomonitoring data in environmental medicine.
Development, implementation, and evaluation of a computerized self-administered diet history questionnaire for use in studies of American Indian and Alaskan native people.
Maternal dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids modifies the relationship between lead levels in bone and breast milk.
Effect of carbohydrate intake during recovery from eccentric exercise on interleukin-6 and muscle-damage markers.
Critical care nurses' knowledge of evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with central venous catheters: an evaluation questionnaire.
Variability of middle cerebral artery blood flow with hypercapnia in women.
Genetic variability in the SNCA gene influences alpha-synuclein levels in the blood and brain.
Real-time heart rate variability and its correlation with plasma catecholamines during laparoscopic adrenal pheochromocytoma surgery.
Development and validation of a brief food frequency questionnaire for dietary lutein and zeaxanthin intake assessment in Italian women.
Validity of a new food frequency questionnaire for pregnant women in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Case-control study of the effects of trihalomethanes on urinary bladder cancer risk.
Evaluation of reproducibility of protein identification results after multidimensional human serum protein separation.
Serum potassium changes with initiating low-carbohydrate compared to a low-fat weight loss diet in type 2 diabetes.
Higher levels of inflammation factors and greater insulin resistance are independently associated with higher heart rate and lower heart rate variability in normoglycemic older individuals: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Reproducibility of serum protein profiling by systematic assessment using solid-phase extraction and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry.
Detection and quantification of sucrose as dietary biomarker using gas chromatography and liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry.
Strategies for synthesis of adducts of omicron-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides.
A decay model for assessing polybrominated biphenyl exposure among women in the Michigan Long-Term PBB Study.
Soy protein intake, cardiorenal indices, and C-reactive protein in type 2 diabetes with nephropathy: a longitudinal randomized clinical trial.
Consumption of fish from a contaminated lake strongly affects the concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and hexabromocyclododecane in serum.
Lowering effects of onion intake on oxidative stress biomarkers in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Variability in creatinine excretion in adult diabetic, overweight men and women: consequences on creatinine-based classification of renal disease.
Urinary excretion of phthalates and paraben after repeated whole-body topical application in humans.
Urinary deoxynivalenol is correlated with cereal intake in individuals from the United kingdom.
Exogenous and endogenous determinants of blood trihalomethane levels after showering.
Prenatal PCB exposure and thymus size at birth in neonates in Eastern Slovakia.
Chronic renal failure among farm families in cascade irrigation systems in Sri Lanka associated with elevated dietary cadmium levels in rice and freshwater fish (Tilapia).
PCB-containing wood floor finish is a likely source of elevated PCBs in residents' blood, household air and dust: a case study of exposure.
Associations of dietary and serum copper with inflammation, oxidative stress, and metabolic variables in adults.
Plasma S-adenosylhomocysteine is a better biomarker of atherosclerosis than homocysteine in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice fed high dietary methionine.
Relationships between leptin levels and carbohydrate intake during rowing training.
Isolation and recovery of selected polybrominated diphenyl ethers from human serum and sheep serum: coupling reversed-phase solid-phase disk extraction and liquid-liquid extraction techniques with a capillary gas chromatographic electron capture negative ion mass spectrometric determinative technique.
Subtype variability, virological response and drug resistance assessed on dried blood spots collected from HIV patients on antiretroviral therapy in Angola.
Stability and reliability of plasma level of lipid biomarkers and their correlation with dietary fat intake.
Cytochrome P4501A1 expression, polychlorinated biphenyls and hydroxylated metabolites, and adipocyte size of bottlenose dolphins from the Southeast United States.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) in environmental and occupational studies--a review.
Intra-individual variability in efavirenz plasma concentrations supports therapeutic drug monitoring based on quarterly sampling in the first year of therapy.
Large intraindividual variability of olanzapine serum concentrations in adolescent patients.
Trial-by-trial relationship between neural activity, oxygen consumption, and blood flow responses.
Reliability of the 24-h sensation-related bladder diary in women with urinary incontinence.
Diet/genetic interactions and their effects on inflammatory markers.
Baby care products: possible sources of infant phthalate exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon--DNA adducts in prostate and biochemical recurrence after prostatectomy.
Chronic dietary fat intake modifies the postprandial response of hemostatic markers to a single fatty test meal.
Dietary choline and betaine intakes in relation to concentrations of inflammatory markers in healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
Reproducibility of serum leptin, insulin-like growth factor-I, and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 measurements.
Methylmercury exposure assessment using dietary and biomarker data among frequent seafood consumers in France CALIPSO study.
Dietary salt restriction increases plasma lipoprotein and inflammatory marker concentrations in hypertensive patients.
Precision limits and interval estimation in the calibration of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and hexachlorbenzene in water, applying the regression triplet procedure on chromatographic data.
Assessment of interactions between PAH exposure and genetic polymorphisms on PAH-DNA adducts in African American, Dominican, and Caucasian mothers and newborns.
Plasma and dietary vitamin E in relation to insulin secretion and sensitivity.
1-Hydroxypyrene in milk and urine as a bioindicator of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure of ruminants.
EuroQol EQ-5D and condition-specific measures of health outcome in women with urinary incontinence: reliability, validity and responsiveness.
Relationships between different types of fruit and vegetable consumption and serum concentrations of antioxidant vitamins.
Synthesis of dibenzo[def,p]chrysene, its active metabolites, and their 13C-labeled analogues.
Serum PCB concentrations in relation to locally produced food items in eastern Slovakia.
Dietary plasma proteins modulate the immune response of diffuse gut-associated lymphoid tissue in rats challenged with Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxin B.
Temporal variability and predictors of urinary bisphenol A concentrations in men and women.
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and neuropsychological status among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Determination of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in breast milk, maternal blood and cord blood from residents of Tohoku, Japan.
Mutagenicity and DNA adduct formation of PAH, nitro-PAH, and oxy-PAH fractions of atmospheric particulate matter from So Paulo, Brazil.
Relationships between the concentrations of trichloroacetic acid-soluble copper and caeruloplasmin in the serum of cattle from areas with different soil concentrations of molybdenum.
Relationship between baseline cerebral blood flow and vascular responses to changes in PaCO2 measured by positron emission tomography in humans: implication of inter-individual variations of cerebral vascular tone.
Reliability of plasma carotenoid biomarkers and its relation to study power.
Variability of myocardial blood flow measurements by magnetic resonance imaging in the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.
Urinary sugars biomarker relates better to extrinsic than to intrinsic sugars intake in a metabolic study with volunteers consuming their normal diet.
In Type 1 diabetic patients with good glycaemic control, blood glucose variability is lower during continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion than during multiple daily injections with insulin glargine.
Comparison of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels in placental tissues of Indian women with full- and preterm deliveries.
Effects of fifteen PBDE metabolites, DE71, DE79 and TBBPA on steroidogenesis in the H295R cell line.
Comprehensive evaluation of bladder and urethral dysfunction symptoms: development and psychometric validation of the Urinary Symptom Profile (USP) questionnaire.
Concentration and profile of 22 urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in the US population.
Relationship between insulin sensitivity and exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in pregnant women.
Serum trace elements in tube-fed neurological dysphagia patients correlate with nutritional indices but do not correlate with trace element intakes: case of patients receiving enough trace elements intake.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum and sperm quality.
In utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exerts both short-term and long-lasting suppressive effects on testosterone production in the rat.
Monitoring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon pollution in the marine environment after the Prestige oil spill by means of seabird blood analysis.
Intraindividual variation in serum thyroid hormones, parathyroid hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1.
Genetic variability of West Nile virus in US blood donors, 2002-2005.
Effects of weight loss from a very-low-carbohydrate diet on endothelial function and markers of cardiovascular disease risk in subjects with abdominal obesity.
Lack of alterations in thyroid hormones following exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether 47 during a period of rapid brain development in mice.
Assessment of sexual health in aging men in Europe: development and validation of the European Male Ageing Study sexual function questionnaire.
Associations between age-related nuclear cataract and lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum in the Carotenoids in the Age-Related Eye Disease Study, an Ancillary Study of the Women's Health Initiative.
In utero and lactational exposures to low doses of polybrominated diphenyl ether-47 alter the reproductive system and thyroid gland of female rat offspring.
Phthalate diesters and their metabolites in human breast milk, blood or serum, and urine as biomarkers of exposure in vulnerable populations.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and bioaccumulative hydroxylated PBDE metabolites in young humans from Managua, Nicaragua.
Consumption of green tea favorably affects oxidative stress markers in weight-trained men.
Variability in the pharmacokinetics of intravenous busulphan given as a single daily dose to paediatric blood or marrow transplant recipients.
Relationship between response of gamma-glutamyltransferase to alcohol consumption and levels of fasting plasma glucose.
Dietary and nutritional biomarkers of lens degeneration, oxidative stress and micronutrient inadequacies in Indian cataract patients.
Dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is inversely associated with CRP levels, especially among male smokers.
Use of recovery biomarkers to calibrate nutrient consumption self-reports in the Women's Health Initiative.
Transfer of dietary zinc and fat to milk--evaluation of milk fat quality, milk fat precursors, and mastitis indicators.
Association between tortilla consumption and human urinary fumonisin B1 levels in a Mexican population.
Serum concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polybrominated biphenyl (PBB) in the United States population: 2003-2004.
Light to moderate alcohol consumption is associated with S100beta and amyloid beta levels in healthy older adults.
Direct quantification of monohydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in synthetic urine samples via solid-phase extraction-room-temperature fluorescence excitation-emission matrix spectroscopy.
Effect of an exercise and dietary intervention on serum biomarkers in overweight and obese adults with osteoarthritis of the knee.
Fatty acid profiles of blood lipids in a population group in Tibet: correlations with diet and environmental conditions.
The relative impact of a vegetable-rich diet on key markers of health in a cohort of Australian adolescents.
Addendum to: Evaluation of PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey of the United States population.
Small (<2-cm) upper-tract urothelial carcinoma: evaluation with gadolinium-enhanced three-dimensional spoiled gradient-recalled echo MR urography.
Effects of moderate alcohol consumption on inflammatory biomarkers.
Dietary supplementation of glycine modulates inflammatory response indicators in broiler chickens.
CYP2A6 and the plasma level of 5-chloro-2, 4-dihydroxypyridine are determinants of the pharmacokinetic variability of tegafur and 5-fluorouracil, respectively, in Japanese patients with cancer given S-1.
Reliability and validity of a questionnaire to measure colorectal cancer screening behaviors: does mode of survey administration matter?
Nonaqueous capillary electrophoresis for analysis of the ethanol consumption biomarker phosphatidylethanol.
Relationships of body mass index with serum carotenoids, tocopherols and retinol at steady-state and in response to a carotenoid-rich vegetable diet intervention in Filipino schoolchildren.
Bofutsushosan, an Oriental Herbal Medicine, Attenuates the Weight Gain of White Adipose Tissue and the Increased Size of Adipocytes Associated with the Increase in Their Expression of Uncoupling Protein 1 in High-Fat Diet-Fed Male KK/Ta mice.
Analysis of multiple loci can increase reliability of detection of fetal Y-chromosome DNA in maternal plasma.
Subjective complaints in persons under chronic low-dose exposure to lower polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs).
Alkylresorcinols as biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake: plasma concentration and intake estimated from dietary records.
Inverse relation between dietary intake of naturally occurring plant sterols and serum cholesterol in northern Sweden.
Serum levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs in non-occupationally exposed population groups living near two incineration plants in Tuscany, Italy.
Elevated serum polybrominated diphenyl ethers and thyroid-stimulating hormone associated with lymphocytic micronuclei in Chinese workers from an E-waste dismantling site.
Characterization of phthalate exposure among pregnant women assessed by repeat air and urine samples.
Erythrocyte indices, microminerals and ratios, antioxidants and lipids in Centrum Materna diet-supplemented Omani mothers.
Interobserver variability in the assessment of clinical criteria for suspected urinary tract infection in nursing home residents.
The ongoing variability in blood transfusion practices in cardiac surgery.
Human metabolic phenotype diversity and its association with diet and blood pressure.
Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, symptoms and immunologic markers in vulcanization workers in the southern Sweden rubber industries.
Effects of cigarette smoking on heart rate variability and plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide in healthy subjects: is there the relationship between both markers?
Prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposures in eastern Slovakia modify effects of social factors on birthweight.
Fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and blood in humans and its use as a biomarker of dietary intake.
Blood levels of organotin compounds and their relation to fish consumption in Finland.
Strong correlation between the concentration of dioxins and total PCBs in current Japanese people.
PBBs, PBDEs, and PCBs levels in hair of residents around e-waste disassembly sites in Zhejiang Province, China, and their potential sources.
Validation of the MEDFICTS dietary assessment questionnaire in a diverse population.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyl profiles of workers with trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol exposures.
Photoinstability of S-nitrosothiols during sampling of whole blood: a likely source of error and variability in S-nitrosothiol measurements.
Alteration of sperm quality and hormone levels by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on airborne particulate particles.
Effects of soy protein isolate consumption on prostate cancer biomarkers in men with HGPIN, ASAP, and low-grade prostate cancer.
The association between alcohol consumption and biomarkers of alcohol exposure with total serum immunoglobulin E levels.
Biomarkers of dietary intake of flavonoids and phenolic acids for studying diet-cancer relationship in humans.
Direct measurement of the glucuronide conjugate of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by using liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry.
Sampling and analytical method development and hand wipe measurements of dermal exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Levels and distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in various tissues of foraging hens from an electronic waste recycling area in South China.
Genotoxicity of combined exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and UVA--a mechanistic study.
Genetic variation of plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 in young crossbred ewes and its relationship with their maintenance feed intake at maturity and production traits.
Correlation between changes in blood fatty acid composition and visual sustained attention performance in children with inattention: effect of dietary n-3 fatty acids containing phospholipids.
The validity and reproducibility of food-frequency questionnaire-based total antioxidant capacity estimates in Swedish women.
Food selection based on total antioxidant capacity can modify antioxidant intake, systemic inflammation, and liver function without altering markers of oxidative stress.
Validation of soy protein estimates from a food-frequency questionnaire with repeated 24-h recalls and isoflavonoid excretion in overnight urine in a Western population with a wide range of soy intakes.
Ethnic and socioeconomic differences in variability in nutritional biomarkers.
Exposure to a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans resulted in a prolonged time to pregnancy in women.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and breast milk collected from 60 mothers in Sapporo City, Japan.
Accuracy and reliability of pulse oximetry at different arterial carbon dioxide pressure levels.
Association of diet and lifestyle with blood pressure in the Guangxi Hei Yi Zhuang and Han populations.
Fish oil in combination with high or low intakes of linoleic acid lowers plasma triacylglycerols but does not affect other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy men.
Reliability of urine collection pads for routine and metabolic biochemistry in infants and young children.
Choline status is not a reliable indicator of moderate changes in dietary choline consumption in premenopausal women.
Evolution of bacterial susceptibility pattern of Escherichia coli in uncomplicated urinary tract infections in a country with high antibiotic consumption: a comparison of two surveys with a 10 year interval.
Concentration of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in household dust from various countries.
A dietary pattern characterized by high consumption of whole-grain cereals and low-fat dairy products and low consumption of refined cereals is positively associated with plasma adiponectin levels in healthy women.
Cryptorchidism at birth in Nice area (France) is associated with higher prenatal exposure to PCBs and DDE, as assessed by colostrum concentrations.
Value of ethyl glucuronide in plasma as a biomarker for recent alcohol consumption in the emergency room.
The Portuguese validation of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Vaginal Symptoms (ICIQ-VS) for Brazilian women with pelvic organ prolapse.
The exposure of temple workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Coping with a challenging environment: effects of seasonal variability and reproductive status on glucocorticoid concentrations of female baboons (Papio cynocephalus).
PCDD/F and PCB in human serum of differently exposed population groups of an Italian city.
Occupational PAH exposures during prescribed pile burns.
Evaluation of associations between lifetime exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products and bladder cancer in dogs.
Serum levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in foam recyclers and carpet installers working in the United States.
Association of urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations with body mass index and waist circumference: a cross-sectional study of NHANES data, 1999-2002.
Accumulation of M1dG DNA adducts after chronic exposure to PCBs, but not from acute exposure to polychlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and regression of randomised controlled trials reporting an association between an intake of circa 25 g soya protein per day and blood cholesterol.
Relationship between individual ventilatory response and acute renal water excretion at high altitude.
Occupational exposure to dibutyl phthalate among manicurists.
Serum concentrations of indicator PCB congeners in the Czech adult population.
Effects of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides on thyroid function during pregnancy.
Reliability of dynamometric passive properties of the pelvic floor muscles in postmenopausal women with stress urinary incontinence.
Human internal and external exposure to PBDEs--a review of levels and sources.
Quercetin transiently increases energy expenditure but persistently decreases circulating markers of inflammation in C57BL/6J mice fed a high-fat diet.
Concentrations of brominated flame retardants in dust from United Kingdom cars, homes, and offices: causes of variability and implications for human exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure, urinary mutagenicity, and DNA adducts in rubber manufacturing workers.
Relationship of thyroid hormone levels to levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, lead, p,p'- DDE, and other toxicants in Akwesasne Mohawk youth.
Comparison of enzymatically synthesized inulin, resistant maltodextrin and clofibrate effects on biomarkers of metabolic disease in rats fed a high-fat and high-sucrose (cafeteria) diet.
Association between dietary fiber and markers of systemic inflammation in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study.
Recombinant adeno-associated virus-mediated human kallikrein gene therapy prevents high-salt diet-induced hypertension without effect on basal blood pressure.
Lack of neurodevelopmental adversity by prenatal exposure of infants to current lowered PCB levels: comparison of two German birth cohort studies.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and organochlorine pesticides in human blood of pregnant women from Germany.
New biomarkers of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Evaluation of time dependence and interindividual differences in benzo[a]pyrene-mediated CYP1A1 induction and genotoxicity in porcine urinary bladder cell cultures.
Renal structure and function evaluation of rats from dams that received increased sodium intake during pregnancy and lactation submitted or not to 5/6 nephrectomy.
Reliability of GFR formulas based on serum creatinine, with special reference to the MDRD Study equation.
A pilot study associating urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites and semen quality.
Serum TNF-alpha levels in relation to alcohol consumption and common TNF gene polymorphisms.
Evaluation of the repeatability of ultra-performance liquid chromatography-TOF-MS for global metabolic profiling of human urine samples.
Associations between dietary methods and biomarkers, and between fruits and vegetables and risk of ischaemic heart disease, in the EPIC Norfolk Cohort Study.
The relationship between dietary protein intake and blood pressure: results from the PREMIER study.
99mTc-HMPAO labelled white blood cell scintigraphy in patients with osteoarticular infection: the value of late images for diagnostic accuracy and interobserver reproducibility.
Altered first-pass effects in a liver transplant recipient explained intraindividual variation in calcineurin inhibitor concentrations: a case report.
Elevated levels of urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in male electrical and electronic equipment dismantling workers exposed to high concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Evidence for interindividual heterogeneity in the glucose gradient across the human red blood cell membrane and its relationship to hemoglobin glycation.
Dietary factors associated with plasma high molecular weight and total adiponectin levels in apparently healthy women.
Carbohydrate intake modifies associations between ANGPTL4[E40K] genotype and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in White men from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Assessment of current serum levels of PCDD/Fs, dl-PCBs and PBDEs in a Dutch cohort with known perinatal PCDD/F exposure.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in serum: findings from a US cohort of consumers of sport-caught fish.
Determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine by using hollow-fibre supported liquid membrane extraction and liquid chromatography-ultraviolet detection system.
The relation between the estimated dietary intake of PCDD/Fs and levels in blood in a Flemish population (50-65 years).
Immunophenotyping of chicken peripheral blood lymphocyte subpopulations: individual variability and repeatability.
Effects of phthalate ester derivatives including oxidized metabolites on coactivator recruiting by PPARalpha and PPARgamma.
Impact of diisobutyl phthalate and other PPAR agonists on steroidogenesis and plasma insulin and leptin levels in fetal rats.
Mediterranean diet and plasma concentration of inflammatory markers in old and very old subjects in the ZINCAGE population study.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from Beijing, China.
Relationship of dietary linoleic acid to blood pressure. The International Study of Macro-Micronutrients and Blood Pressure Study [corrected].
Distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human breast milk from various locations in Tunisia: levels of contamination, influencing factors, and infant risk assessment.
A priori-defined dietary patterns and markers of cardiovascular disease risk in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Relations between dietary sodium and potassium intakes and mortality from cardiovascular disease: the Japan Collaborative Cohort Study for Evaluation of Cancer Risks.
Markers of dietary fat quality and fatty acid desaturation as predictors of total and cardiovascular mortality: a population-based prospective study.
Inflammatory markers and visceral fat are inversely associated with maximal oxygen consumption in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Umbilical venous blood flow measurement: accuracy and reproducibility.
Abdominal adipose tissue: early metabolic dysfunction associated to insulin resistance and oxidative stress induced by an unbalanced diet.
Increased levels of urinary nitrite and nitrotyrosine in Yusho victims 40 years after accidental poisoning with polychlorinated biphenyls in Nagasaki, Japan.
A cohort study of in utero polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposures in relation to secondary sex ratio.
Association of aryl hydrocarbon receptor gene polymorphisms and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed workers.
PCDDs/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs: recent body burden levels and their determinants among general inhabitants in Japan.
Relation of iron and red meat intake to blood pressure: cross sectional epidemiological study.
Herring ( Clupea harengus) intake influences lipoproteins but not inflammatory and oxidation markers in overweight men.
Comparison of the effects of a high- and normal-casein breakfast on satiety, 'satiety' hormones, plasma amino acids and subsequent energy intake.
Urinary water-soluble vitamins and their metabolite contents as nutritional markers for evaluating vitamin intakes in young Japanese women.
Blocking pterygopalatine arterial blood flow decreases infarct volume variability in a mouse model of intraluminal suture middle cerebral artery occlusion.
Morphology and morphometry of the reproductive organs in prepubertal and postpubertal male pigs exposed to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate before puberty: Precocious development of bulbourethral glands.
Association between prenatal exposure to phthalates and the health of newborns.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in humans is associated with increased plasma endotoxin and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 concentrations and with fructose intake.
Determination of unbound antiretroviral drug concentrations by a modified ultrafiltration method reveals high variability in the free fraction.
CYP2D6 and ABCB1 genetic variability: influence on paroxetine plasma level and therapeutic response.
Large variability of aripiprazole and dehydroaripiprazole serum concentrations in adolescent patients with schizophrenia.
Diagnostic accuracy, reproducibility and robustness of fibrosis blood tests in chronic hepatitis C: a meta-analysis with individual data.
Cross-cultural development and psychometric evaluation of a patient-reported health-related quality of life questionnaire for adults with haemophilia.
Concentration and age-dependent elimination kinetics of polychlorinated dibenzofurans in Yucheng and Yusho patients.
Arabic validation of the Urogenital Distress Inventory and Adapted Incontinence Impact Questionnaires--short forms.
Pulsatile cerebrospinal fluid and plasma ghrelin in relation to growth hormone secretion and food intake in the sheep.
Metabolomic profiling of a modified alcohol liquid diet model for liver injury in the mouse uncovers new markers of disease.
Lower fasting blood glucose, glucose variability and nocturnal hypoglycaemia with glargine vs NPH basal insulin in subjects with Type 1 diabetes.
Alveolar air and urine analyses as biomarkers of exposure to trihalomethanes in an indoor swimming pool.
Evaluation of background persistent organic pollutant levels in human from Taiwan: polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyls.
Reproducibility of energy intake, gastric emptying, blood glucose, plasma insulin and cholecystokinin responses in healthy young males.
Polymorphisms of the SHBG gene contribute to the interindividual variation of sex steroid hormone blood levels in young, middle-aged and elderly men.
Acute effects of the very low carbohydrate diet on sleep indices.
Lactational exposure to phthalates in Southern Italy.
Relation of dietary and other lifestyle traits to difference in serum adiponectin concentration of Japanese in Japan and Hawaii: the INTERLIPID Study.
Biomonitoring of urinary metabolites of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) following human consumption of cooked chicken.
Blood glucose variability is associated with mortality in the surgical intensive care unit.
Donor variability in HIV binding to peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Reproducibility of serum pituitary hormones in women.
Prenatal phenol and phthalate exposures and birth outcomes.
Interactions between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in binary mixtures: effects on gene expression and DNA adduct formation in precision-cut rat liver slices.
Maternal and infant urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations: are they related?
Concentrations of PCDD/PCDFs in plasma of subjects living in the vicinity of a hazardous waste incinerator: follow-up and modeling validation.
Interethnic variability of plasma paraoxonase (PON1) activity towards organophosphates and PON1 polymorphisms among Asian populations--a short review.
Congener-specific analysis of non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 195 pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Linking exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls with fatty fish consumption and reduced fetal growth among Danish pregnant women: a cause for concern?
Perinatal exposure to brominated flame retardants and polychlorinated biphenyls in Japan.
Reduced expression of von Hippel-Lindau gene in subjects exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Urinary sucrose and fructose as biomarkers of sugar consumption: comparison of normal weight and obese volunteers.
Variation in osteoarthritis biomarkers from activity not food consumption.
Blood oxidative stress biomarkers: influence of sex, exercise training status, and dietary intake.
Exploratory assessment of sportfish consumption and polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure in New York State anglers.
[Variability of some blood serum beta-globulins in the life cycle of the true sturgeons (Acipenseridae)].
Congener-specific analysis of non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 127 elderly residents in Nakagawa Town, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Plasma alkylresorcinols and urinary alkylresorcinol metabolites as biomarkers of cereal fiber intake in Finnish women.
Peripheral MR angiography with blood pool contrast agent: prospective intraindividual comparative study of high-spatial-resolution steady-state MR angiography versus standard-resolution first-pass MR angiography and DSA.
Urinary metabolite concentrations of organophosphorous pesticides, bisphenol A, and phthalates among pregnant women in Rotterdam, the Netherlands: the Generation R study.
Role of sex and time of blood sampling in SOD1 and SOD2 expression variability.
Proteomic profiling of ovine serum by SELDI-TOF MS: optimisation, reproducibility and feasibility of biomarker discovery using routinely collected samples.
Adequate Intake levels of choline are sufficient for preventing elevations in serum markers of liver dysfunction in Mexican American men but are not optimal for minimizing plasma total homocysteine increases after a methionine load.
Association between blood pressure responses to the cold pressor test and dietary sodium intervention in a Chinese population.
Prostate-specific antigen levels in relation to consumption of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and acetaminophen: results from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Time course of high-fat diet-induced reductions in adipose tissue mitochondrial proteins: potential mechanisms and the relationship to glucose intolerance.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in aircraft cabins--a source of human exposure?
Vitellogenin induction and increased plasma 17beta-estradiol concentrations in male Nile tilapia, Oreochromis niloticus, exposed to organochlorine pollutants and polycyclic aromatics hydrocarbons.
Cross validation and ruggedness testing of analytical methods used for the quantification of urinary phthalate metabolites.
Food frequency questionnaires and overnight urines are valid indicators of daidzein and genistein intake in U.S. women relative to multiple 24-h urine samples.
Mass spectrometric investigation of the sequence selectivity for adduction of heterocyclic aromatic amines on single-strand oligonucleotides.
The effect of genetic variation in the type 1 deiodinase gene on the interindividual variation in serum thyroid hormone levels: an investigation in healthy Danish twins.
Bone mineral density changes in relation to environmental PCB exposure.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, air pollution exposure and associated life style factors in pregnant women.
Exposure assessment of French women and their newborn to brominated flame retardants: determination of tri- to deca- polybromodiphenylethers (PBDE) in maternal adipose tissue, serum, breast milk and cord serum.
Regular consumption of dark chocolate is associated with low serum concentrations of C-reactive protein in a healthy Italian population.
Up-regulated expression of microRNA-143 in association with obesity in adipose tissue of mice fed high-fat diet.
Zinc intake and biochemical markers of bone turnover in type 1 diabetes.
Physiologic variability of vascular access blood flow for hemodialysis.
Analysis of the interindividual conservation of T cell receptor alpha- and beta-chain variable regions gene in the peripheral blood of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal construct validity of the Saint George's Respiratory Questionnaire in patients with IPF.
Intraindividual variability in serum micronutrients: effects on reliability of estimated parameters.
Low wintertime vitamin D levels in a sample of healthy young adults of diverse ancestry living in the Toronto area: associations with vitamin D intake and skin pigmentation.
Phthalate exposure among pregnant women in Jerusalem, Israel: results of a pilot study.
Can glycaemic variability, as calculated from blood glucose self-monitoring, predict the development of complications in type 1 diabetes over a decade?
Negative association between plasma levels of adiponectin and polychlorinated biphenyl 153 in obese women under non-energy-restrictive regime.
Chemometrics-assisted excitation-emission fluorescence spectroscopy on nylon membranes. Simultaneous determination of benzo[a]pyrene and dibenz[a,h]anthracene at parts-per-trillion levels in the presence of the remaining EPA PAH priority pollutants as interferences.
Distribution of organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human serum from urban areas in Korea.
Maternal di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate exposure influences essential fatty acid homeostasis in rat placenta.
Association of clinical findings in Yusho patients with serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorinated quarterphenyls and 2,3,4,7,8-pentachlorodibenzofuran more than 30 years after the poisoning event.
Reproducibility of tumor blood flow quantification with 15O-water PET.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and thyroid hormone serum concentrations among people living in a highly polluted area: a cross-sectional population-based study.
Associations of alcohol consumption with blood pressure, lipoproteins, and subclinical inflammation among Turks.
Beverage-specific effects of ethanol consumption on its biological markers.
Meta-analysis of the quantity of calcium excretion associated with the net acid excretion of the modern diet under the acid-ash diet hypothesis.
Micronuclei related to anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct in peripheral blood lymphocytes of heavily polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed nonsmoking coke-oven workers and controls.
The relationship between usual coffee consumption and serum C-reactive protein level in a Japanese female population.
Non-destructive assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure by fluorimetric analysis of crab urine.
Bean consumption is associated with greater nutrient intake, reduced systolic blood pressure, lower body weight, and a smaller waist circumference in adults: results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002.
The relationship of serum osteocalcin concentration to insulin secretion, sensitivity, and disposal with hypocaloric diet and resistance training.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire measurement of dietary acrylamide intake using hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and glycidamide.
Intra- and interobserver reliability of umbilical vein blood flow.
Genetic and epigenetic variability in the gene for IGFBP-3 (IGFBP3): correlation with serum IGFBP-3 levels and growth in short children born small for gestational age.
Deficiency and supplementation of PUFA in the diet have similar effects on the age-associated changes in rat-plasma cholesterol levels.
Dietary exposure to 5-hydroxymethylfurfural from Norwegian food and correlations with urine metabolites of short-term exposure.
Blood oxidative stress markers in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and how it correlates with diet.
Polychlorinated biphenyl serum concentrations, lifestyle and time-to-pregnancy.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and malondialdehyde in male workers in Chinese restaurants.
Birth delivery mode modifies the associations between prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) and neonatal thyroid hormone levels.
The relationship between prenatal PCB exposure and intelligence (IQ) in 9-year-old children.
Measurement of transferable chemical residue from nylon carpet using the California roller and a new mega-California roller.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations among workers in selected industries: a pilot biomonitoring study.
Effects of immersion in water containing high concentrations of CO2 (CO2-water) at thermoneutral on thermoregulation and heart rate variability in humans.
Environmental phthalate exposure in relation to reproductive outcomes and other health endpoints in humans.
Temporal changes in PCB and DDE levels among a cohort of frequent and infrequent consumers of Great Lakes sportfish.
Development and validation of the short form of a urinary quality of life questionnaire: SF-Qualiveen.
Development of a gas chromatography/mass spectrometry method to quantify several urinary monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in occupationally exposed subjects.
Association between alcohol intake and serum sex hormones and peptides differs by tamoxifen use in breast cancer survivors.
Comparison of five extraction methods for measuring PCBs, PBDEs, organochlorine pesticides, and lipid content in serum.
Validation of the CALUX bioassay for PCDD/F analyses in human blood plasma and comparison with GC-HRMS.
Mortality after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans: a 40-year follow-up study of Yusho patients.
Twelve-hour reproducibility of retinal and optic nerve blood flow parameters in healthy individuals.
An exposure study with polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in female European starlings (Sturnus vulgaris): toxicokinetics and reproductive effects.
PCB accumulation in osprey exposed to local sources in lake sediment.
Effects of perinatal PBDE exposure on hepatic phase I, phase II, phase III, and deiodinase 1 gene expression involved in thyroid hormone metabolism in male rat pups.
Consumption of oat beta-glucan with or without plant stanols did not influence inflammatory markers in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Serum polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among children with and without asthma: correlation to environmental and dietary factors.
Dietary intake of meat and meat-derived heterocyclic aromatic amines and their correlation with DNA adducts in female breast tissue.
Selenium intake reduces serum C3, an early marker of metabolic syndrome manifestations, in healthy young adults.
Relationship between fish intake, n-3 fatty acids, mercury and risk markers of CHD (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002).
Interobserver reproducibility in the interpretation of 99mTc-labelled white blood cell scintigraphic images.
Mercury in human hair as an indicator of the fish consumption.
N2-ethyldeoxyguanosine as a potential biomarker for assessing effects of alcohol consumption on DNA.
PCB levels in humans in an area of PCB transformer recycling.
Antioxidant effects of a dietary supplement: reduction of indices of oxidative stress in normal subjects by water-soluble chitosan.
Validation of overweight children's fruit and vegetable intake using plasma carotenoids.
Dietary intake and serum bone related chemistry and their correlations in postmenopausal Iranian women.
Relationship of urinary arsenic metabolites to intake estimates in residents of the Red River Delta, Vietnam.
Kinetics of selected di-n-butyl phthalate metabolites and fetal testosterone following repeated and single administration in pregnant rats.
Evaluation of supplementary stevia (Stevia rebaudiana, bertoni) leaves and stevioside in broiler diets: effects on feed intake, nutrient metabolism, blood parameters and growth performance.
Monetary cost of self-reported diet in relation to biomarker-based estimates of nutrient intake in young Japanese women.
Urinary naphthalene and phenanthrene as biomarkers of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Heart rate variability, overnight urinary norepinephrine and C-reactive protein: evidence for the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in healthy human adults.
Evaluation of urgency in women, with a validated Urgency, Severity and Impact Questionnaire (USIQ).
Determinants of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in South Korean children.
Monoclonal antibody development for acrylamide-adducted human haemoglobin; a biomarker of dietary acrylamide exposure.
Hepatoprotective role and antioxidant capacity of pomegranate (Punica granatum) flowers infusion against trichloroacetic acid-exposed in rats.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure suppresses cytokines important in the defence to coxsackievirus B3 infection in mice.
The Danish anal sphincter rupture questionnaire: validity and reliability.
The association between dietary vitamin K intake and serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin is modulated by vitamin K epoxide reductase genotype.
Serum dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls, and endometriosis: a case-control study in Atlanta.
Psychometric validation of the overactive bladder satisfaction with treatment questionnaire (OAB-SAT-q).
Reproducibility of ultrasonic measurements of pelvic floor structures in women suffering from urinary incontinence.
Elevated house dust and serum concentrations of PBDEs in California: unintended consequences of furniture flammability standards?
Accuracy and reliability of continuous blood glucose monitor in post-surgical patients.
Chardonnay grape seed procyanidin extract supplementation prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity in hamsters by improving adipokine imbalance and oxidative stress markers.
Variability, heritability and environmental determinants of human plasma N-glycome.
Analysis of hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine using comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography with a flame ionization detector.
Comparison of selenium levels and sources and dietary fat quality in diets for broiler breeders and layer hens.
Variability in the plasma concentration of efavirenz and nevirapine is associated with genotypic resistance after treatment interruption.
Fish ingestion and congener specific polychlorinated biphenyl and p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene serum concentrations in a great lakes cohort of pregnant African American women.
Pharmacokinetic study of the variability of indinavir drug levels when boosted with ritonavir in HIV-infected children.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in the blood of mammals and birds from Japan: lower chlorinated OH-PCBs and profiles.
Impact of body weight on the relationship between alcohol intake and blood pressure.
DNA variants, plasma levels and variability of interleukin-6 in myocardial infarction survivors: results from the AIRGENE study.
The zebrafish gill model: induction of CYP1A, EROD and PAH adduct formation.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid profiles and their association with food intakes: results from a cross-sectional study within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Dose response of whole-grain biomarkers: alkylresorcinols in human plasma and their metabolites in urine in relation to intake.
Polymorphisms cyclooxygenase-2 -765G>C and interleukin-6 -174G>C are associated with serum inflammation markers in a high cardiovascular risk population and do not modify the response to a Mediterranean diet supplemented with virgin olive oil or nuts.
1-Hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure in the marine polychaete Nereis diversicolor.
Dioxin and dioxin-like PCB profiles in the serum of industrial and municipal waste incinerator workers in Korea.
Reproducibility of serum cytokines and growth factors.
Contribution of methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides to the toxicity of a contaminant mixture based on Canadian Arctic population blood profiles.
Urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate are associated with decreased steroid hormone levels in adult men.
A liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry method for the simultaneous measurement of 15 urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites: assay reproducibility and interindividual variability.
Reproducibility and correlations of multiplex cytokine levels in asymptomatic persons.
Concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood of Yusho patients over 35 years after the incident.
Total internal reflected resonance light scattering determination of protein in human blood serum at water/tetrachloromethane interface with Arsenazo-TB and Cetyltrimethylammonium bromide.
Red meat intake is associated with metabolic syndrome and the plasma C-reactive protein concentration in women.
Plasma gas-switching method for gas chromatography/inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry and determination of polybrominated diphenylethers with high precision and sensitivity.
Quantum chemical studies on ultimate carcinogenic metabolites from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
QT interval prolongation and decreased heart rate variability in cirrhotic patients: relevance of hepatic venous pressure gradient and serum calcium.
Variability and reproducibility of hepatic FDG uptake measured as SUV as well as tissue-to-blood background ratio using positron emission tomography in healthy humans.
Dietary exposure to 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (PBDE-47) alters thyroid status and thyroid hormone-regulated gene transcription in the pituitary and brain.
Within-person variation of the plasma concentration of B-type natriuretic peptide: safety range in stable patients with heart failure.
Total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein in young Japanese women.
Consumption of breakfast cereal is associated with positive health outcomes: evidence from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
Quantification of 13 priority polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine by headspace solid-phase microextraction gas chromatography-isotope dilution mass spectrometry.
Following 2 diet-restricted male outdoor rock climbers: impact on oxidative stress and improvements in markers of cardiovascular risk.
Repeatability of rest and hyperemic myocardial blood flow measurements with 82Rb dynamic PET.
Effects of soy isoflavone consumption on bone structure and milk mineral concentration in a rat model of lactation-associated bone loss.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and PAH exposure in 4-year-old Spanish children.
Aortic vessel wall magnetic resonance imaging at 3.0 Tesla: a reproducibility study of respiratory navigator gated free-breathing 3D black blood magnetic resonance imaging.
Evaluation of new leptin fragments on food intake and body weight of normal rats.
A casein diet added isoflavone-enriched soy protein favorably affects biomarkers of steatohepatitis in obese Zucker rats.
Validation of an FFQ for evaluation of EPA and DHA intake.
Dietary exposure and biomarkers of arsenic in consumers of fish and shellfish from France.
Evaluation of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation (eGFR) against simultaneous, dual-marker multi-sample measurements of glomerular filtration rate.
Plasma adiponectin concentrations are associated with body composition and plant-based dietary factors in female twins.
Urinary levels of oxidative DNA and RNA damage among workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in silicon production: comparison with 1-hydroxypyrene.
Sex-related differences in the variability of vascular blood flow in middle-age individuals.
Innovative application of fluoro tagging to trace airborne particulate and gas-phase polybrominated diphenyl ether exposures.
Dietary calcium and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D status in relation to BMD among U.S. adults.
13C natural abundance in serum retinol acts as a biomarker for increases in dietary provitamin A.
Particle size distributions and health-related exposures of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) of sinter plant workers.
METHODS FOR AROMATIC AND HETEROCYCLIC AMINE CARCINOGEN-DNA ADDUCT ANALYSIS BY LIQUID CHROMATOGRAPHY-TANDEM MASS SPECTROMETRY.
Applicability and reproducibility of biomarkers for the evaluation of anti-inflammatory therapy in allergic rhinitis.
Serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin as biomarker of vitamin K intake and risk of prostate cancer: a nested case-control study in the Heidelberg cohort of the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition.
A simple pharmacokinetic model to characterize exposure of Americans to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Inflammation-associated serum and colon markers as indicators of dietary attenuation of colon carcinogenesis in ob/ob mice.
Citrus fruit intake is associated with lower serum bilirubin concentration among women with the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism.
Plasma C-peptide is inversely associated with calcium intake in women and with plasma 25-hydroxy vitamin D in men.
Quantification of phase I/II metabolizing enzyme gene expression and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in human prostate.
Evaluation of relative intake of fatty acids according to the Northern Sweden FFQ with fatty acid levels in erythrocyte membranes as biomarkers.
PAH exposure in a Ghanaian population at high risk for aflatoxicosis.
In utero and lactational exposures to diethylhexyl-phthalate affect two populations of Leydig cells in male Long-Evans rats.
Psychometric validation of the Chinese version of the Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised for patients with hypertension.
Levels of PCDD/F in adipose tissue on non-occupationally exposed subjects living near a hazardous waste incinerator in Catalonia, Spain.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBs) in livers of harbor seals (Phoca vitulina) from San Francisco Bay, California and Gulf of Maine.
Latency and persistence of diet volatile biomarkers in lamb fats.
Reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire for lower urinary tract symptoms in both genders.
Rapid Folin-Ciocalteu method using microtiter 96-well plate cartridges for solid phase extraction to assess urinary total phenolic compounds, as a biomarker of total polyphenols intake.
Reproducibility patterns of plasma norepinephrine and muscle sympathetic nerve traffic in human obesity.
Elevation of oxidative-damage biomarkers during aging in F2 hybrid mice: protection by chronic oral intake of resveratrol.
Adult women's blood mercury concentrations vary regionally in the United States: association with patterns of fish consumption (NHANES 1999-2004).
Concentrations of phthalate metabolites in milk, urine, saliva, and Serum of lactating North Carolina women.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human blood samples from the United States.
Resveratrol metabolites in urine as a biomarker of wine intake in free-living subjects: The PREDIMED Study.
Genetic variants in phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase and methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase influence biomarkers of choline metabolism when folate intake is restricted.
Inter- and intra-individual differences in serum copper and zinc concentrations after feeding different amounts of copper and zinc over two lactations.
Red blood cell delta15N: a novel biomarker of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intake.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in breast milk from North China: implication of exposure pathways.
Pregame urine specific gravity and fluid intake by National Basketball Association players during competition.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and survival among women with breast cancer.
The influence of dietary selenium on common indicators of selenium status and liver glutathione peroxidase-1 messenger ribonucleic acid.
Altered stress-induced cortisol levels in goats exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB 126 and PCB 153) during fetal and postnatal development.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites in Atlantic cod exposed via water or diet to a synthetic produced water.
Validation of the folate food frequency questionnaire in vegetarians.
Validation of the folate food frequency questionnaire with serum and erythrocyte folate and plasma homocysteine.
Dietary selenium intake is negatively associated with serum sialic acid and metabolic syndrome features in healthy young adults.
Dietary sources of vitamin B-12 and their association with plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations in the general population: the Hordaland Homocysteine Study.
Inter- and intra-individual variations of urinary endogenous metabolites in healthy male college students using (1)H NMR spectroscopy.
Antaxia-telangiectasia mutated gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to chromosomal damage among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposed workers.
Validation of the self-completed Cambridge-Hopkins questionnaire (CH-RLSq) for ascertainment of restless legs syndrome (RLS) in a population survey.
Levels of urinary human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) following conception and variability of menstrual cycle length in a cohort of women attempting to conceive.
Comparison of seizure reduction and serum fatty acid levels after receiving the ketogenic and modified Atkins diet.
Urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in relation to idiopathic male infertility.
Psychometric validation of the Japanese version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Short Form.
Incontinence quality of life questionnaire (I-QOL): translation and validation study of the Iranian version.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) concentrations in house dust are related to hormone levels in men.
Plasma hepcidin concentrations significantly predict interindividual variation in iron absorption in healthy men.
Associations between marine food consumption and plasma concentrations of POPs in a Norwegian coastal population.
Effects of waking time and breakfast intake prior to evaluation of psychomotor performance in the early morning.
Validation of Spanish versions of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ): a multicenter validation randomized study.
Lutein concentration in human milk during early lactation and its relationship with dietary lutein intake.
PBDEs in US and German clothes dryer lint: a potential source of indoor contamination and exposure.
Urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and monohydroxy metabolites as biomarkers of exposure in coke oven workers.
Relation of DNA methylation of 5'-CpG island of ACSL3 to transplacental exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and childhood asthma.
Reliability of self-report versus chart-based prostate cancer, PSA, DRE and urinary symptoms.
The effects of dietary fibre on C-reactive protein, an inflammation marker predicting cardiovascular disease.
Associations between macronutrient intake and self-reported appetite and fasting levels of appetite hormones: results from the Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease.
Changes in biochemical indices of bone metabolism in post-menopausal women following a dietary intervention with fortified dairy products.
Arabic validation of the short form of Urogenital Distress Inventory (UDI-6) questionnaire.
Synchronous fluorescence determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, beta-naphthol and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene based on the sensitizing effect of beta-cyclodextrin.
Oxidative DNA adducts after Cu(2+)-mediated activation of dihydroxy PCBs: role of reactive oxygen species.
Dietary protein during gestation affects circulating indicators of placental function and fetal development in heifers.
Whole blood aggregation, coagulation, and markers of platelet activation in diet-induced diabetic C57BL/6J mice.
Effect of broccoli intake on markers related to oxidative stress and cancer risk in healthy smokers and nonsmokers.
Effect of diet-induced energy deficit and body fat reduction on high-sensitive CRP and other inflammatory markers in obese subjects.
Effect of dietary iron overload in rat brain: oxidative stress, neurotransmitter level and serum metal ion in relation to neurodegenerative disorders.
Identification of potential mechanisms of toxicity after di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) adult exposure in the liver using a systems biology approach.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and its relation to markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in adolescents.
Validation of an antioxidant nutrient questionnaire in whites and African Americans.
Relationship between dietary exposure and serum perfluorochemical (PFC) levels--a case study.
Maternal urinary metabolites of Di-(2-Ethylhexyl) phthalate in relation to the timing of labor in a US multicenter pregnancy cohort study.
Interindividual divergence in the relationship between the values of plasma glucose and hemoglobin A1c in type 2 diabetes.
Involuntary tobacco smoke exposure and urinary levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the United States, 1999 to 2002.
Interobserver reliability of urine sediment interpretation.
Association of blood pressure levels with the effects of alcohol intake on the vasculature in Japanese men.
Relationships between faecal phytate and mineral excretion depend on dietary phytate and age.
Exposure assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in Mexican children.
Medications as a potential source of exposure to phthalates in the U.S. population.
Temporal stability of eight phthalate metabolites and their glucuronide conjugates in human urine.
Within-person variability in urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations: measurements from specimens after long-term frozen storage.
Association of cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, and physical activity with sex steroid hormone levels in US men.
Rheumatoid cachexia is associated with dyslipidemia and low levels of atheroprotective natural antibodies against phosphorylcholine but not with dietary fat in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a cross-sectional study.
A review of the use of ethyl glucuronide as a marker for ethanol consumption in forensic and clinical medicine.
The EORTC Quality of Life Questionnaire for patients with prostate cancer: EORTC QLQ-PR25. Validation study for Spanish patients.
Using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry to quantify monohydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine.
Reliability of tumor markers, chemokines, and metastasis-related molecules in serum.
Reproducibility of plasma alkylresorcinols during a 6-week rye intervention study in men with prostate cancer.
Comparison of three commercially available prescription diet regimens on short-term post-prandial serum glucose and insulin concentrations in healthy cats.
Factors associated with variability in outcomes for children hospitalized with urinary tract infection.
Relation of heart rate variability to serum levels of C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and 10 in patients with sepsis and septic shock.
Analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by gas chromatography-mass selective detection operating at high ion source temperature.
Prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in serum in relation to blood lead concentration and alcohol consumption in men.
Reproductive effects of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in immature male rats and its relation to cholesterol, testosterone, and thyroxin levels.
No changes in lymphocyte muscarinic receptors and platelet monoamine oxidase-B examined as surrogate central nervous system biomarkers in a Faroese children cohort prenatally exposed to methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Variability in biomarkers of arsenic exposure and metabolism in adults over time.
PCBs and DDE, but not PBDEs, increase with trophic level and marine input in nestling bald eagles.
(Pre)analytical imprecision, between-subject variability, and daily variations in serum and urine hepcidin: implications for clinical studies.
Associations between blood gastrin, ghrelin, leptin, pepsinogen and Ostertagia ostertagi antibody concentrations and voluntary feed intake in calves exposed to a trickle infection with O. ostertagi.
Phthalate exposure in girls during early puberty.
Autoantibodies against epidermal transglutaminase are a sensitive diagnostic marker in patients with dermatitis herpetiformis on a normal or gluten-free diet.
PCB, PCDD and PCDF contamination of food of animal origin as the effect of soil pollution and the cause of human exposure in Brescia.
Relationship between insulin resistance-associated metabolic parameters and anthropometric measurements with sugar-sweetened beverage intake and physical activity levels in US adolescents: findings from the 1999-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Toxicological and Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of Concomitant Intake of Grapefruit Juice and Simvastatin in Rats after Repeated Treatment over 28 Days.
Breed-associated variability in serum biochemical analytes in four large-breed dogs.
Reproducibility of cerebral phenylalanine levels in patients with phenylketonuria determined by 1H-MR spectroscopy.
Urinary calcium excretion in non-lactating dairy cows in relation to intake of fat-coated rice bran.
Increased CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T cells in peripheral blood of celiac disease patients: correlation with dietary treatment.
Increased consumption of wheat biofortified with selenium does not modify biomarkers of cancer risk, oxidative stress, or immune function in healthy Australian males.
Drug-adherence questionnaires not valid for patients taking blood-pressure-lowering drugs in a primary health care setting.
The association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and adiponectin levels among healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
Evaluation of an FFQ for assessment of antioxidant intake using plasma biomarkers in an ethnically diverse population.
Prenatal phthalate exposure and performance on the Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale in a multiethnic birth cohort.
Modified alternate-day fasting and cardioprotection: relation to adipose tissue dynamics and dietary fat intake.
Variability of aortic blood flow predicts fluid responsiveness in spontaneously breathing healthy volunteers.
Associations of maternal prenatal dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids with maternal and umbilical cord blood levels.
Repeatability of a dual gradient-recalled echo MRI method for monitoring post-isometric contraction blood volume and oxygenation changes.
Relationship between caffeine intake and plasma sex hormone concentrations in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Comparison of the fast-induced and high dietary zinc-induced molting: trace elements dynamic in serum and eggs at different production stages in hens (Gallus domesticus).
Oxidative stress alters creatine kinase system in serum and brain regions of polychlorinated biphenyl (Aroclor 1254)-exposed rats: protective role of melatonin.
IgA immune responses against acetaldehyde adducts and biomarkers of alcohol consumption in patients with IgA glomerulonephritis.
External exposure and bioaccumulation of PCBs in humans living in a contaminated urban environment.
Levels of metabolites of organophosphate pesticides, phthalates, and bisphenol A in pooled urine specimens from pregnant women participating in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
High dietary taurine reduces apoptosis and atherosclerosis in the left main coronary artery: association with reduced CCAAT/enhancer binding protein homologous protein and total plasma homocysteine but not lipidemia.
A comparison of antibody testing, permeability testing, and zonulin levels with small-bowel biopsy in celiac disease patients on a gluten-free diet.
Development and reproducibility of a novel high-performance liquid-chromatography monolithic column method for the detection and quantification of trans-indolyl-3-acryloylglycine in human urine.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in Spanish adults: determinants of serum concentrations.
Associations of dietary long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and fish with biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation (from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis [MESA]).
Comparing methods for accounting for seasonal variability in a biomarker when only a single sample is available: insights from simulations based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d.
Comparison of ethyl glucuronide in hair with carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum as markers of chronic high levels of alcohol consumption.
Variability in measurements of blood glucose response to foods in human subjects is not reduced after a standard breakfast.
The development and evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire used in assessing vitamin D intake in a sample of healthy young Canadian adults of diverse ancestry.
Fetal exposure to phthalates--a pilot study.
The association between diet and serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Uridine diphosphoglucuronosyltransferase 1A7 gene polymorphism and susceptibility to chromosomal damage among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposed workers.
The occupational exposure of dermatology nurses to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons - evaluating the effectiveness of better skin protection.
Determination of total and free mono-n-butyl phthalate in human urine samples after medication of a di-n-butyl phthalate containing capsule.
Validity of estimated dietary eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intakes determined by interviewer-administered food frequency questionnaire among older adults with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment or dementia.
Observer accuracy and reproducibility of visual estimation of blood loss in obstetrics: how accurate and consistent are health-care professionals?
Ala54Thr polymorphism of the fatty acid binding protein 2 gene and saturated fat intake in relation to lipid levels and insulin resistance: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites (OH-PCBs) in archived serum from 1950-60s California mothers: a pilot study.
PAH-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, GST polymorphisms, and breast cancer risk.
Biomonitoring of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and its carcinogenic metabolites in urine.
Cutaneous lycopene and beta-carotene levels measured by resonance Raman spectroscopy: high reliability and sensitivity to oral lactolycopene deprivation and supplementation.
Bioavailability of phenolic antioxidants associated with dietary fiber: plasma antioxidant capacity after acute and long-term intake in humans.
The effects of a low-sodium base-producing diet including red meat compared with a high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet on bone turnover markers in women aged 45-75 years.
Association of CYP7A1 -278A>C polymorphism and the response of plasma triglyceride after dietary intervention in dyslipidemic patients.
Association between dietary heterocyclic amine levels, genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 and risk of colorectal cancer: a hospital-based case-control study in Japan.
Update on common indicators of nutritional status: food access, food consumption, and biochemical measures of iron and anemia.
Associations between dietary macronutrient intake and plasma lipids demonstrate criterion performance of the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) food-frequency questionnaire.
Reliability of an incremental exercise test to evaluate acute blood lactate, heart rate and body temperature responses in Labrador retrievers.
An integrated approach for identification of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) pollutant sources based on human blood contents.
Stroke and plasma markers of milk fat intake--a prospective nested case-control study.
Metabolite profiling of hydroxycinnamate derivatives in plasma and urine after the ingestion of coffee by humans: identification of biomarkers of coffee consumption.
Weekly compared with daily blood glucose monitoring in women with diet-treated gestational diabetes.
Differential associations of dietary sodium and potassium  intake with blood pressure: a focus on pulse pressure.
Within-person variability in urinary bisphenol A concentrations: measurements from specimens after long-term frozen storage.
Contribution of trichloroacetic acid to liver tumors observed in perchloroethylene (perc)-exposed mice.
Waist circumference and fat intake are associated with high blood pressure in Mexican children aged 8 to 10 years.
Foods E-KINDEX: a dietary index associated with reduced blood pressure levels among young children: the CYKIDS study.
Genetic associations of residual feed intake with serum insulin-like growth factor-I and leptin concentrations, meat quality, and carcass cross sectional fat area ratios in Duroc pigs.
Associations of alcohol consumption with blood pressure and serum lipids in Japanese female smokers and nonsmokers.
The clinical variability of maternally inherited diabetes and deafness is associated with the degree of heteroplasmy in blood leukocytes.
Women with endometriosis improved their peripheral antioxidant markers after the application of a high antioxidant diet.
Reliability and validity of a semi-quantitative FFQ for sodium intake in low-income and low-literacy Brazilian hypertensive subjects.
Impact of water stagnation in residential cold and hot water plumbing on concentrations of trihalomethanes and haloacetic acids.
The University of Michigan Dioxin Exposure Study: methods for an environmental exposure study of polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and biphenyls.
The University of Michigan Dioxin Exposure Study: population survey results and serum concentrations for polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and biphenyls.
Variability in diagnosis of clue cells, lactobacillary grading and white blood cells in vaginal wet smears with conventional bright light and phase contrast microscopy.
Genetic variability of HVRII mtDNA in cord blood and respiratory morbidity in children.
Serum levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans and PCBs in the general population living near an urban waste treatment plant in Biscay, Basque Country.
Exploration of biomarkers for total fish intake in pregnant Norwegian women.
Validation of urinary trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products.
A biomarker approach to estimate the daily intake of benzene in non-smoking and smoking individuals in Germany.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and their hydroxylated analogs in plasma of bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) from the United States east coast.
Feeding a diet with decreased protein content reduces indices of protein fermentation and the incidence of postweaning diarrhea in weaned pigs challenged with an enterotoxigenic strain of Escherichia coli.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in offshore workers.
Blood phenylalanine concentrations in patients with PAH-deficient hyperphenylalaninaemia off diet without and with three different single oral doses of tetrahydrobiopterin: assessing responsiveness in a model of statistical process control.
Relations between protein intake and blood pressure in Japanese men and women: the Circulatory Risk in Communities Study (CIRCS).
Inhibition of markers of bone resorption by consumption of vitamin D and calcium-fortified soft plain cheese by institutionalised elderly women.
Global and gene-specific promoter methylation changes are related to anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct levels and influence micronuclei levels in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed individuals.
A novel headspace solid-phase microextraction method using in situ derivatization and a diethoxydiphenylsilane fibre for the gas chromatography-mass spectrometry determination of urinary hydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Sexual maturation affects diet-blood total cholesterol association in children: Project HeartBeat!
Reproducibility and accuracy of quantitative myocardial blood flow assessment with (82)Rb PET: comparison with (13)N-ammonia PET.
Selective detection of phosphatidylethanol homologues in blood as biomarkers for alcohol consumption by LC-ESI-MS/MS.
Phthalates and other additives in plastics: human exposure and associated health outcomes.
The impact of early hypoglycemia and blood glucose variability on outcome in critical illness.
Risk assessment of PCDD/Fs levels in human tissues related to major food items based on chemical analyses and micro-EROD assay.
Preliminary evaluation of phosphatidylethanol and alcohol consumption in patients with liver disease and hypertension.
Changes in vitamin biomarkers during a 2-year intervention trial involving increased fruit and vegetable consumption by free-living volunteers.
Validation of Alzheimer's disease CSF and plasma biological markers: the multicentre reliability study of the pilot European Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (E-ADNI).
Biomarkers measured by cytokinesis-block micronucleus cytome assay for evaluating genetic damages induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the serum and breast milk of the resident population from production area, China.
Effects of unsaturated fat dietary supplements on blood lipids, and on markers of malnutrition and inflammation in hemodialysis patients.
Trans fat feeding results in higher serum alanine aminotransferase and increased insulin resistance compared with a standard murine high-fat diet.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA damage by industry: a nationwide study in Germany.
Factors influencing concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in students from Antwerp, Belgium.
Interindividual variation of maximal blood levels of tacrolimus after its oral administration in hematopoietic cell transplant recipients.
Regulatory T cells in prenatal blood samples: variability with pet exposure and sensitization.
Long-term effects of developmental exposure to di-n-butyl-phthalate (DBP) on rat prostate: proliferative and inflammatory disorders and a possible role of androgens.
Public health interpretation of trihalomethane blood levels in the United States: NHANES 1999-2004.
Detecting evidence of luteal activity by least-squares quantitative basal temperature analysis against urinary progesterone metabolites and the effect of wake-time variability.
A probabilistic approach for the evaluation of pharmacological effect induced by patient irregular drug intake.
Phthalate levels and low birth weight: a nested case-control study of Chinese newborns.
Using gold nanoparticles to improve the recovery and the limits of detection for the analysis of monohydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples.
Serum concentrations of chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans among former New Zealand trichlorophenol workers.
Intra-individual variations and temporal trends in dioxin levels in human blood 1987-2002.
Method for the determination of selected organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum based on a gel permeation chromatographic clean-up.
Brain activation associated with changes in heart rate, heart rate variability, and plasma catecholamines during rectal distention.
Multi-site assessment of the precision and reproducibility of multiple reaction monitoring-based measurements of proteins in plasma.
Carbohydrate intake, serum lipids and apolipoprotein E phenotype show association in children.
Psychometric validation and use of a novel diabetes in-patient treatment satisfaction questionnaire.
Validation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12) in a Turkish population.
Determination of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human hair by gas chromatography-negative chemical ionization mass spectrometry.
Effect of oxygen concentration, culture format and donor variability on in vitro chondrogenesis of human adipose tissue-derived stem cells.
Reliability of using urinary and blood trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to chlorinated drinking water disinfection byproducts.
Inter-individual variability of plasma PAF-acetylhydrolase activity in ARDS patients and PAFAH genotype.
Reproductive toxicity and pharmacokinetics of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) following dietary exposure of pregnant rats.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine association with antioxidants intake in healthy young adults: a role as an indicator of metabolic syndrome features.
Site-specific concentrations of carotenoids in adipose tissue: relations with dietary and serum carotenoid concentrations in healthy adults.
Carbohydrate restriction, as a first-line dietary intervention, effectively reduces biomarkers of metabolic syndrome in Emirati adults.
Residential exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides and risk of childhood leukemia.
Strategies for the generation of parametric images of [11C]PIB with plasma input functions considering discriminations and reproducibility.
Investigation of PAH biomarkers in the urine of workers exposed to hot asphalt.
Carotenoid, tocopherol, and fatty acid biomarkers and dietary intake estimated by using a brief self-administered diet history questionnaire for older Japanese children and adolescents.
Sea ice-associated diet change increases the levels of chlorinated and brominated contaminants in polar bears.
Relation between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and human semen quality.
Biomonitoring of the di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate in children and adults during the course of time and seasons.
Institutional variability of intraoperative red blood cell utilization in coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Reproducibility of same session repeated cystometry and pressure-flow studies in women with symptoms of urinary incontinence.
Quantifying calcium intake in school age children: development and validation of the Calcium Counts! food frequency questionnaire.
Validation of a FFQ for estimating whole-grain cereal food intake.
Dietary intakes of alpha-linolenic and linoleic acids are inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein levels among Japanese men.
Correlation of erythrocyte fatty acid composition and dietary intakes with markers of atherosclerosis in patients with myocardial infarction.
Translesional DNA synthesis through a C8-guanyl adduct of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in Vitro: REV1 inserts dC opposite the lesion, and DNA polymerase kappa potentially catalyzes extension reaction from the 3'-dC terminus.
Relationship among dietary estimates of net endogenous acid production, bone mineral density and biochemical markers of bone turnover in an Iranian general population.
Cannabis and benzodiazepines as determinants of methadone trough plasma concentration variability in maintenance treatment: a transnational study.
Exposure assessment at a PCDD/F contaminated site in Sweden--field measurements of exposure media and blood serum analysis.
Diet and serum micronutrients in relation to cervical neoplasia and cancer among low-income Brazilian women.
Methodological aspects for metabolome visualization and characterization: a metabolomic evaluation of the 24 h evolution of human urine after cocoa powder consumption.
Assessing individual differences in genome-wide gene expression in human whole blood: reliability over four hours and stability over 10 months.
A comparison of 24 h urinary deoxynivalenol with recent v. average cereal consumption for UK adults.
Urinary excretion of phenolic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAH) in nonsmokers and in smokers of cigarettes with different ISO tar yields.
Effect of the dietary supplement Meltdown on catecholamine secretion, markers of lipolysis, and metabolic rate in men and women: a randomized, placebo controlled, cross-over study.
Biomarkers of dietary energy restriction in women at increased risk of breast cancer.
Modulation of the effect of prenatal PAH exposure on PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood by plasma antioxidants.
The location of the inferior and superior temporal blood vessels and interindividual variability of the retinal nerve fiber layer thickness.
Human exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE), as evidenced by data from a duplicate diet study, indoor air, house dust, and biomonitoring in Germany.
Seasonal and inter-individual variation in testosterone levels in badgers Meles meles: evidence for the existence of two endocrinological phenotypes.
Serum antioxidant levels in wild birds vary in relation to diet, season, life history strategy, and species.
Sample stability and variability of B-cell subsets in blood from healthy subjects and patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Lack of correlation between calcium intake and serum calcium levels in stable haemodialysis subjects.
Comparison of urine results concerning co-consumption of illicit heroin and other drugs in heroin and methadone maintenance programs.
Toxicological evaluation of 10% Solanum lycocarpum St. Hill fruit consumption in the diet of growing rats: hematological, biochemical and histopathological effects.
Circulating antibodies directed against "polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-like" structures in the sera of cancer patients.
A cohort study of the association between secondary sex ratio and parental exposure to polybrominated biphenyl (PBB) and polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB).
Patterns and concentration levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in placental tissue of women in Denmark.
Candidate biomarker discovery in plasma of juvenile cod (Gadus morhua) exposed to crude North Sea oil, alkyl phenols and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Prenatal exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in relation to birth weight.
Between-subject variations of transition zone epithelial volume and serum PSA levels in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Dietary patterns and cardiovascular risk markers in the UK Low Income Diet and Nutrition Survey.
Predictors of variability in urinary incontinence and overactive bladder symptoms.
Urinary di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites in athletes as screening measure for illicit blood doping: a comparison study with patients receiving blood transfusion.
Variability, related factors and normal reference value of post-void residual urine in healthy kindergarteners.
The relationship of ready-to-eat cereal consumption to nutrient intake, blood lipids, and body mass index of children as they age through adolescence.
Longitudinal studies of cardiac troponin-I concentrations in serum from male Sprague Dawley rats: baseline reference ranges and effects of handling and placebo dosing on biological variability.
A possible mechanism for the differences in efficiency and variability of active metabolite formation from thienopyridine antiplatelet agents, prasugrel and clopidogrel.
A 3 years follow-up of a Mediterranean diet rich in virgin olive oil is associated with high plasma antioxidant capacity and reduced body weight gain.
Variability of urinary concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolite in general population and comparison of spot, first-morning, and 24-h void sampling.
Variability on red blood cell transfusion practices among Brazilian neonatal intensive care units.
PAH biomarker responses in polar cod (Boreogadus saida) exposed to benzo(a)pyrene.
Total antioxidant performance is associated with diet and serum antioxidants in participants of the diet and physical activity substudy of the Jackson Heart Study.
Stability and reproducibility of a single-sample urinary C-peptide/creatinine ratio and its correlation with 24-h urinary C-peptide.
Intra- and interlaboratory variability of allergen-specific IgE levels in atopic dogs in three different laboratories using the Fc-epsilon receptor testing.
Distribution of air and serum PCDD/F levels of electric arc furnaces and secondary aluminum and copper smelters.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons influenced neither the frequency nor the spectrum of FGFR3 mutations in bladder urothelial carcinoma.
GerES IV: phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A in urine of German children.
Urinary di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP)--metabolites and male human markers of reproductive function.
Biological variability of blood omega-3 biomarkers.
Determination of para-aminohippuric acid (PAH) in human plasma and urine by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Estimating food intakes in Australia: validation of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) food frequency questionnaire against weighed dietary intakes.
Protective effects of selenium against DNA adduct formation in Inuit environmentally exposed to PCBs.
Synergistic association between alcohol intake and body mass index with serum alanine and aspartate aminotransferase levels in older adults: the Rancho Bernardo Study.
Adolescent alcohol consumption: biomarkers PEth and FAEE in relation to interview and questionnaire data.
Influence of systems biology response and environmental exposure level on between-subject variability in breath and blood biomarkers.
Intake risk and dose evaluation methods for workers in radiochemistry labs of a medical cyclotron facility.
Ultra-trace determination of phthalate ester metabolites in seawater, sediments, and biota from an urbanized marine inlet by LC/ESI-MS/MS.
The relationship between fasting plasma concentrations of selected flavonoids and their ordinary dietary intake.
Hunting with lead: association between blood lead levels and wild game consumption.
Phthalates exposure and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in school-age children.
Dietary patterns and markers for the metabolic syndrome in Australian adolescents.
Lower serum testosterone associated with elevated polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in Native American men.
Serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels are higher in children (2-5 years of age) than in infants and adults.
Maternal pregnancy levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of hypospadias and cryptorchidism in male offspring.
The increase in human plasma antioxidant capacity after acute coffee intake is not associated with endogenous non-enzymatic antioxidant components.
Fast and simple method for the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Prospective questionnaire-based evaluation of the prevalence of urinary incontinence in women with chronic cough.
Analysis of magnesium contents in commonly consumed foods and evaluation of its daily intake in Korean independent-living subjects.
Soy-protein consumption and kidney-related biomarkers among type 2 diabetics: a crossover, randomized clinical trial.
Alcohol consumption is associated with high concentrations of urinary hydroxytyrosol.
Plasma pharmacokinetics of alkylresorcinol metabolites: new candidate biomarkers for whole-grain rye and wheat intake.
Dystocia in 3-year-old beef heifers; relationship to maternal nutrient intake during early- and mid-gestation, pelvic area and hormonal indicators of placental function.
Correlation between blood pressure responses to dietary sodium and potassium intervention in a Chinese population.
Variability analysis of human plasma and cerebral spinal fluid reveals statistical significance of changes in mass spectrometry-based metabolomics data.
Short-term high dietary calcium intake during bedrest has no effect on markers of bone turnover in healthy men.
Clinical and psychometric validation of the EORTC QLQ-CR29 questionnaire module to assess health-related quality of life in patients with colorectal cancer.
Relationship between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and thyroid hormone levels in Chinese non-occupational exposure adult males.
Evaluation of automated stir bar sorptive extraction-thermal desorption-gas chromatography electron capture negative ion mass spectrometry for the analysis of PBDEs and PBBs in sheep and human serum.
Background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in the U.S. population.
Genetic polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha modify the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations in a population of young adults.
Hydroxypyrene in urine of football players after playing on artificial sports field with tire crumb infill.
Reliability of real-time ultrasound to detect pelvic floor muscle contraction in urinary incontinent women.
Breast-milk levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants in relation to women's age and pre-pregnant body mass index.
Markers for the validation of reported dietary intake in adults with cystic fibrosis.
Prospective associations among cereal intake in childhood and adiposity, lipid levels, and physical activity during late adolescence.
A possible mechanism for the decrease in serum thyroxine level by a 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyl congener, 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl in mice.
The questionnaire for urinary incontinence diagnosis (QUID): validity and responsiveness to change in women undergoing non-surgical therapies for treatment of stress predominant urinary incontinence.
Variability in the upper limit of normal for serum alanine aminotransferase levels: a statewide study.
Genetic variability in CRTH2 polymorphism increases eotaxin-2 levels in patients with aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease.
In pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma blood concentrations of some organochlorine compounds and coffee intake are independently associated with KRAS mutations.
Dietary supplementation with alpha-amylase inhibitor wheat albumin to high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant rats is associated with increased expression of genes related to fatty acid synthesis in adipose tissue.
Reliability and relative validity of an FFQ for nutrients in the Tehran lipid and glucose study.
The association between high plasma homocysteine levels and lower bone mineral density in Slovak women: the impact of vegetarian diet.
Hollow fibre-supported liquid membrane extraction and LC-MS/MS detection for the analysis of heterocyclic amines in urine samples.
Urinary phthalate monoesters and endometriosis in infertile Japanese women.
A metabolite profiling approach to identify biomarkers of flavonoid intake in humans.
In vivo acute exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: effects on free and total thyroxine in rats.
Discriminated benefits of a Mediterranean dietary pattern within a hypocaloric diet program on plasma RBP4 concentrations and other inflammatory markers in obese subjects.
Prenatal and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child size at 24 months of age.
Absorption estimates improve the validity of the relationship between dietary and serum lycopene.
Intra- and inter-tester reproducibility of venous occlusion plethysmography: comparison between a manual and a semi-automatic method of blood flow analysis.
Pregnancy-associated changes in plasma concentration of the endocrine disruptor di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in a sheep model.
Apolipoprotein A5 polymorphisms interact with total dietary fat intake in association with markers of metabolic syndrome in Puerto Rican older adults.
Dietary patterns are linked to cardiovascular risk factors but not to inflammatory markers in Alaska Eskimos.
Discovery of biomarkers that reflect the intake of sodium selenate by nutritional proteomics.
Association of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and serum C-reactive protein.
Melanin-concentrating hormone 1-receptor antagonist suppresses body weight gain correlated with high receptor occupancy levels in diet-induced obesity mice.
An exploratory NMR nutri-metabonomic investigation reveals dimethyl sulfone as a dietary biomarker for onion intake.
Well-done meat intake, heterocyclic amine exposure, and cancer risk.
Correlation between serum phospholipid fatty acids and dietary intakes assessed a few years earlier.
Role of dietary patterns for dioxin and PCB exposure.
An EIAV field isolate reveals much higher levels of subtype variability than currently reported for the equine lentivirus family.
Reproducibility of fifteen urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites over a 2- to 3-year period in premenopausal women.
Excretion characteristics of urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine after dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Validity of the Danish Prostate Symptom Score questionnaire in stroke.
Stability and reproducibility of simultaneously detected plasma and serum cytokine levels in asymptomatic subjects.
Relationship between the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal blood and those in breast milk.
Characteristics of autonomic nervous system activity in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS): analysis of heart rate variability in men with LUTS.
Blood glutathione peroxidase-1 mRNA levels can be used as molecular biomarkers to determine dietary selenium requirements in rats.
Two novel non-destructive biomarkers to assess PAH-induced oxidative stress and porphyrinogenic effects in crabs.
Reliability of serum and urinary isoflavone estimates.
Plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites as potential biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye cereal fibre intakes in women.
Effect of almond-enriched high-monounsaturated fat diet on selected markers of inflammation: a randomised, controlled, crossover study.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate inhibit growth and reduce estradiol levels of antral follicles in vitro.
Colonoscopy-controlled intra-individual comparisons to screen relevant neoplasia: faecal immunochemical test vs. guaiac-based faecal occult blood test.
Exposure of children to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Mexico: assessment of multiple sources.
Iron status biomarkers in iron deficient women consuming oily fish versus red meat diet.
Consumption of a legume-enriched, low-glycemic index diet is associated with biomarkers of insulin resistance and inflammation among men at risk for colorectal cancer.
Phthalate exposure and precocious puberty in females.
Shorter telomere length in peripheral blood lymphocytes of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Formation of the N-methylpyridinium ether derivative of propofol to improve sensitivity, specificity and reproducibility of its detection in blood by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in breast milk correlated to maternal age, education level, and occupational exposure.
Dietary intake and serum levels of iron in relation to oxidative stress in breast cancer patients.
Preoperative autologous blood donation versus intraoperative blood salvage: intraindividual analyses and modeling of efficacy in 1103 patients.
Relations of dietary magnesium intake to biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in an ethnically diverse cohort of postmenopausal women.
Validation of an Arabic ADAM questionnaire for androgen deficiency screening in the Arab community.
Myocardial blood volume is associated with myocardial oxygen consumption: an experimental study with cardiac magnetic resonance in a canine model.
Combined treatment with Dif1stat and diet reduce plasma lipid indicators of moderate hypercholesterolemia more effectively than diet alone: a randomized trial in parallel groups.
Validation of a web-based dietary questionnaire designed for the DASH (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) diet: the DASH online questionnaire.
Dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in asphalt workers.
Prenatal phthalate exposure and reduced masculine play in boys.
Immunoassay for monitoring environmental and human exposure to the polybrominated diphenyl ether BDE-47.
1-Hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene as biomarkers of exposure to PAH in various environmental exposure situations.
Modifications in dietary fat quality are associated with changes in serum lipids of older adults independently of lipid medication.
The intake of lead and associated metals by sheep grazing mining-contaminated floodplain pastures in mid-Wales, UK: II. Metal concentrations in blood and wool.
Levels and patterns of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in children's plasma from Dalian, China.
Differential expression of androgen and estrogen receptors in PCB (Aroclor 1254)-exposed rat ventral prostate: impact of alpha-tocopherol.
Higher habitual intake of dietary fat and carbohydrates are associated with lower leptin and higher ghrelin concentrations in overweight and obese postmenopausal women with elevated insulin levels.
Comparative reproducibility of dermal microvascular blood flow changes in response to acetylcholine iontophoresis, hyperthermia and reactive hyperaemia.
Plasma beta-carotene is not a suitable biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake in german subjects with a long-term high consumption of fruits and vegetables.
Reproductive hormones in relation to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites among non-occupational exposure of males.
Relationship between blood and urine alcohol concentrations in apprehended drivers who claimed consumption of alcohol after driving with and without supporting evidence.
Prenatal di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate exposure and length of gestation among an inner-city cohort.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolizing cytochrome P450s in freshly prepared uncultured rat blood lymphocytes.
Pleiotropy of C-reactive protein gene polymorphisms with C-reactive protein levels and heart rate variability in healthy male twins.
Development and reliability of an instrument to measure psychosocial determinants of salt consumption among hypertensive patients.
Adsorption of bovine serum albumin on previously formed PAH/PSS multilayer: a stagnation point optical reflectometry study.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolite levels and pediatric allergy and asthma in an inner-city cohort.
Dairy consumption and circulating levels of inflammatory markers among Iranian women.
Clinical pharmacokinetics of the new oral camptothecin gimatecan: the inter-patient variability is related to alpha1-acid glycoprotein plasma levels.
Development and validation of a questionnaire to assess carbohydrate and insulin-dosing knowledge in youth with type 1 diabetes.
Plasma phthalate levels in pubertal gynecomastia.
Estimated daily intake of phthalates in occupationally exposed groups.
Correlation between dietary zinc intakes and its serum levels with depression scales in young female students.
DNA-adducts in subjects exposed to urban air pollution by benzene and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in Cotonou, Benin.
Effects of dietary fish oil and trans fat on rat aorta histopathology and cardiovascular risk markers.
Effects of dietary supplementation of high-dose folic acid on biomarkers of methylating reaction in vitamin B(12)-deficient rats.
Relationships of family support, diet therapy practice and blood glucose control in typeII diabetic patients.
Validation of an FFQ to estimate the intake of fatty acids using erythrocyte membrane fatty acids and multiple 3d dietary records.
The natural 13C abundance of plasma glucose is a useful biomarker of recent dietary caloric sweetener intake.
Urinary phthalate metabolites in relation to preterm birth in Mexico city.
Predictors of serum dioxins and PCBs among peripubertal Russian boys.
Exposure to hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in the prenatal period and subsequent neurodevelopment in eastern Slovakia.
Diet supplementation with acai (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) pulp improves biomarkers of oxidative stress and the serum lipid profile in rats.
2-D hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography-RP separation in urinary proteomics--minimizing variability through improved downstream workflow compatibility.
Evaluation of the ARCHITECT urine NGAL assay: assay performance, specimen handling requirements and biological variability.
Reliability of fetal sex determination using maternal plasma.
The sex-specific role of plasma folate in mediating the association of dietary quality with depressive symptoms.
Increased consumption of fatty and lean fish reduces serum C-reactive protein concentrations but not inflammation markers in feces and in colonic biopsies.
Energy expenditure and oxygen consumption as novel biomarkers of obesity-induced cardiac disease in rats.
Residue depletion and tissue-plasma correlation of methyl-3-quinoxaline-2-carboxylic acid after dietary administration of olaquindox in pigs.
Polychlorinated biphenyl-mediated decrease in serum thyroxine level in rodents.
Variability of mercury in urine among Mexican women residing in a mining area.
Dietary administration of sodium arsenite to rats: relations between dose and urinary concentrations of methylated and thio-metabolites and effects on the rat urinary bladder epithelium.
The role of african american ethnicity and metabolism in sentinel polychlorinated biphenyl congener serum levels.
Association between dietary heterocyclic amine levels, genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 and risk of stomach cancer: a hospital-based case-control study in Japan.
Randomized crossover study to assess the inter- and intrasubject variability of morning mycophenolic acid concentrations from enteric-coated mycophenolate sodium and mycophenolate mofetil in stable renal transplant recipients.
Household exposures to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in a Wisconsin Cohort.
An exploratory study of diabetes in a First Nation community with respect to serum concentrations of p,p'-DDE and PCBs and fish consumption.
Prenatal exposure to PBDEs and neurodevelopment.
Evaluation of erectile dysfunction and associated cardiovascular risk using structured questionnaires in Chinese type 2 diabetic men.
Variability of mammary blood flow in lactating Holstein-Friesian cows during the first twelve weeks of lactation.
Biochemical validation of food frequency questionnaire-estimated carotenoid, alpha-tocopherol, and folate intakes among African Americans and non-Hispanic Whites in the Southern Community Cohort Study.
Changes in pulse rate, respiratory rate, blood oxygenation, perfusion index, skin conductance, and their variability induced during and after grounding human subjects for 40 minutes.
Polychlorinated biphenyls disrupt blood-brain barrier integrity and promote brain metastasis formation.
Associations between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-related exposures and p53 mutations in breast tumors.
Dietary fiber does not displace energy but is associated with decreased serum cholesterol concentrations in healthy children.
Daily intake of 4 to 7 microg dietary vitamin B-12 is associated with steady concentrations of vitamin B-12-related biomarkers in a healthy young population.
Comparison of within- and between-subject variation of serum cystatin C and serum creatinine in children aged 2-13 years.
Validation of protein intake assessed from weighed dietary records against protein estimated from 24 h urine samples in children, adolescents and young adults participating in the Dortmund Nutritional and Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) Study.
11-nor-Delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid ethyl ester (THC-COOEt): unsuccessful search for a marker of combined cannabis and alcohol consumption.
Exposure assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in umbilical cord blood of Korean infants.
Comparative toxicological evaluation of phthalate diesters and metabolites in Sprague-Dawley male rats for risk assessment.
Repeated measures of validated and novel biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in individuals living near an aluminum plant in Quebec, Canada.
Variability of C-reactive protein levels among patients with stable coronary artery disease and on statin therapy.
Validity of brief food frequency questionnaire for estimation of dietary intakes of folate, vitamins B6 and B12, and their associations with plasma homocysteine concentrations.
Partitioning of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in serum and milk from the same mothers.
A sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with human serum albumin.
Alcohol intake and systemic markers of inflammation--shape of the association according to sex and body mass index.
Association of alcohol intake with the risk of malignant lymphoma and plasma cell myeloma in Japanese: a population-based cohort study (Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study).
Exercise training versus diet-induced weight-loss on metabolic risk factors and inflammatory markers in obese subjects: a 12-week randomized intervention study.
Intra- and inter-individual variations of blood and urinary water-soluble vitamins in Japanese young adults consuming a semi-purified diet for 7 days.
Proanthocyanidin metabolites associated with dietary fibre from in vitro colonic fermentation and proanthocyanidin metabolites in human plasma.
Relative importance of polychlorinated naphthalenes compared to dioxins, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum from Korea: contribution to TEQs and potential sources.
Associations of very high intakes of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids with biomarkers of chronic disease risk among Yup'ik Eskimos.
Association between hair mineral and age, BMI and nutrient intakes among Korean female adults.
Impact of adopting low sodium diet on biomarkers of inflammation and coagulation: a randomised controlled trial.
Occupational exposure to PCBs reduces striatal dopamine transporter densities only in women: a beta-CIT imaging study.
Urinary mutagenicity and genotoxic risk in children with psoriasis after therapeutic exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and ultraviolet radiation.
Blood-oxygen level dependent MRI measures of cerebrovascular reactivity using a controlled respiratory challenge: reproducibility and gender differences.
Effects of the DASH diet alone and in combination with exercise and weight loss on blood pressure and cardiovascular biomarkers in men and women with high blood pressure: the ENCORE study.
Correlates of dietary energy sources with cardiovascular disease risk markers in Mexican school-age children.
Rapid simultaneous analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 9-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1- and 2-naphthol in urine by first derivative synchronous fluorescence spectrometry using Tween-20 as a sensitizer.
PBDE concentrations in women's serum and fecundability.
Dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls, methyl mercury and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as biomarkers of fish consumption.
Antioxidant nutrient intakes and corresponding biomarkers associated with the risk of atopic dermatitis in young children.
Contribution of serial and parallel microperfusion to spatial variability in pulmonary inter- and intra-acinar blood flow.
Application of the Margin of Exposure (MOE) approach to substances in food that are genotoxic and carcinogenic: example: CAS No: 105650-23-5 PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine).
Assessing variability and comparing short-term biomarkers of styrene exposure using a repeated measurements approach.
The effect of saffron consumption on biochemical and histopathological heart indices of rats with myocardial infarction.
Transcriptional biomarkers of steroidogenesis and trophoblast differentiation in the placenta in relation to prenatal phthalate exposure.
Maternal serum preconception polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and infant birth weight.
Genetic variants in the apelin system and blood pressure responses to dietary sodium interventions: a family-based association study.
Relationships between fluoride intake, urinary fluoride excretion and fluoride retention in children and adults: an analysis of available data.
Amino acid delta13C analysis of hair proteins and bone collagen using liquid chromatography/isotope ratio mass spectrometry: paleodietary implications from intra-individual comparisons.
PCB exposure in sea otters and harlequin ducks in relation to history of contamination by the Exxon Valdez oil spill.
Evaluation of stress systems by applying noninvasive methodologies: measurements of neuroimmune biomarkers in the sweat, heart rate variability and salivary cortisol.
Intra-individual variation in serum C-reactive protein over 4 years: an implication for epidemiologic studies.
Strawberry consumption is associated with increased antioxidant capacity in serum.
Variability of gene expression profiles in human blood and lymphoblastoid cell lines.
Urinary profiles to assess polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure in coke-oven workers.
Reliability and clinical validity of a Polish version of the CONTILIFE: a quality of life questionnaire for urinary incontinence.
Association between phthalate exposure and glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism in adenomyosis, leiomyoma and endometriosis.
A novel AFM based method for force measurements between individual hair strands.
The effect of genetic variability on the correlation between blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels.
Evaluation of two different metabolic hypotheses for dichloromethane toxicity using physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling for in vivo inhalation gas uptake data exposure in female B6C3F1 mice.
Breast cancer and urinary biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and oxidative stress in the Shanghai Women's Health Study.
Interindividual variations of cerebral blood flow, oxygen delivery, and metabolism in relation to hemoglobin concentration measured by positron emission tomography in humans.
Orthostatic proteinuria and the spectrum of diurnal variability of urinary protein excretion in healthy children.
Chinese validation of Urogenital Distress Inventory and Incontinence Impact Questionnaire short form.
Continence definition after radical prostatectomy using urinary quality of life: evaluation of patient reported validated questionnaires.
Decreased cholesterol levels reflect a consumption of anti-inflammatory isoprenoids associated with an impaired control of inflammation in a mouse model of mevalonate kinase deficiency.
Frequency of soup intake and amount of dietary fiber intake are inversely associated with plasma leptin concentrations in Japanese adults.
Biotransformation of PCBs in Arctic seabirds: characterization of phase I and II pathways at transcriptional, translational and activity levels.
Brain nonoxidative carbohydrate consumption is not explained by export of an unknown carbon source: evaluation of the arterial and jugular venous metabolome.
Association of exposure to phthalates with endometriosis and uterine leiomyomata: findings from NHANES, 1999-2004.
Effect of ezetimibe on hepatic fat, inflammatory markers, and apolipoprotein B-100 kinetics in insulin-resistant obese subjects on a weight loss diet.
Analysis of intracellular methotrexate polyglutamates in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis: effect of route of administration on variability in intracellular methotrexate polyglutamate concentrations.
Relationship between environmental phthalate exposure and the intelligence of school-age children.
Dietary intake and serum and hair concentrations of minerals and their relationship with serum lipids and glucose levels in hypertensive and obese patients with insulin resistance.
Food insecurity is associated with food consumption patterns and anthropometric measures but not serum micronutrient levels in adults in rural Tanzania.
Investigation of NQO1 genetic polymorphism, NQO1 gene expression and PAH-DNA adducts in ESCC. A case-control study from Iran.
Identification of toxicological biomarkers of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in proteins secreted by HepG2 cells using proteomic analysis.
Improved reliability from a plasma-assisted metal-insulator-metal capacitor comprising a high-k HfO2 film on a flexible polyimide substrate.
Dietary calcium intake is associated with less gain in intra-abdominal adipose tissue over 1 year.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), polychlorinated biphenyles (PCBs), hydroxylated and methoxylated-PBDEs, and methylsulfonyl-PCBs in bird serum from South China.
Relation of coffee consumption and serum liver enzymes in Japanese men and women with reference to effect modification of alcohol use and body mass index.
Complex trade-offs in the pigeon (Columba livia): egg antioxidant capacity and female serum oxidative status in relation to diet quality.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and missed abortion in early pregnancy in a Chinese population.
Choline intake exceeding current dietary recommendations preserves markers of cellular methylation in a genetic subgroup of folate-compromised men.
Heart rate variability during and after peripheral blood stem cell leukapheresis in autologous transplant patients and allogeneic transplant donors.
The T-13910C polymorphism in the lactase phlorizin hydrolase gene is associated with differences in serum calcium levels and calcium intake.
Influence of a five-day vegetarian diet on urinary levels of antibiotics and phthalate metabolites: a pilot study with "Temple Stay" participants.
Association between gamma-glutamyltransferase levels and insulin resistance according to alcohol consumption and number of cigarettes smoked.
Association of dietary AGEs with circulating AGEs, glycated LDL, IL-1 and MCP-1 levels in type 2 diabetic patients.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood and breast milk samples from residents of a schistosomiasis area with Na-PCP application in China.
Markers of cardiovascular risk are not changed by increased whole-grain intake: the WHOLEheart study, a randomised, controlled dietary intervention.
Investigation of relationships between urinary biomarkers of phytoestrogens, phthalates, and phenols and pubertal stages in girls.
Reproducibility of plasma and urine biomarkers among premenopausal and postmenopausal women from the Nurses' Health Studies.
Disruption of human plasma cell differentiation by an environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon: a mechanistic immunotoxicological study.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene -308 G/A polymorphism modulates the relationship between dietary fat intake, serum lipids, and obesity risk in black South African women.
In vitro assay shows that PCB metabolites completely saturate thyroid hormone transport capacity in blood of wild polar bears (Ursus maritimus).
High sucrose intake in rats is associated with increased ACE2 and angiotensin-(1-7) levels in the adipose tissue.
Congener-specific body burden levels and possible determinants of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the general Japanese population.
Association between food group intake and serum total cholesterol in the Japanese population: NIPPON DATA 80/90.
Simultaneous determination of phthalates and adipates in human serum using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with solid-phase extraction.
Chocolate consumption in relation to blood pressure and risk of cardiovascular disease in German adults.
Urinary and air phthalate concentrations and self-reported use of personal care products among minority pregnant women in New York city.
Circulating visfatin levels in healthy preterm infants are independently associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Effect of different dietary zinc levels on hepatic antioxidant and micronutrients indices under oxidative stress conditions.
Repeatable intra-individual variation in plasma testosterone concentration and its sex-specific link to aggression in a social lizard.
Exposures to particulate matter and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and oxidative stress in schoolchildren.
Exposure to phthalates and breast cancer risk in northern Mexico.
Blood oxygen level-dependent signal variability is more than just noise.
Dietary arginine levels alter markers of arginine utilization in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and thymocytes in young broiler chicks.
Renal arterial blood flow measurement by breath-held MRI: Accuracy in phantom scans and reproducibility in healthy subjects.
Future prospects for biomarkers of alcohol consumption and alcohol-induced disorders.
Biomarkers of meat intake and the application of nutrigenomics.
Developmental exposure to a commercial PBDE mixture, DE-71: neurobehavioral, hormonal, and reproductive effects.
Blood cadmium concentrations of male cigarette smokers are inversely associated with fruit consumption.
A cohort study of developmental polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in relation to post-vaccination antibody response at 6-months of age.
Distribution of PCDD/Fs, PCBs, PBDEs and organochlorine residues in children's blood from Zhejiang, China.
Human placental glutathione S-transferase activity and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts as biomarkers for environmental oxidative stress in placentas from pregnant women living in radioactivity- and chemically-polluted regions.
Current exposure to persistent polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (p,p'-DDE) of Belgian students from food and dust.
Distribution of PCBs, their hydroxylated metabolites, and other phenolic contaminants in human serum from two European countries.
Serum PCB concentrations and cochlear function in 12-year-old children.
Determination and characterization of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in serum and adipose tissue of Japanese women diagnosed with breast cancer.
Overnight urinary excretion of isoflavones as an indicator for dietary isoflavone intake in Korean girls of pubertal age.
Comparison of the effects of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and ileal transposition surgeries on food intake, body weight, and circulating peptide YY concentrations in rats.
Intra- and inter-operator repeatability of myocardial blood flow and myocardial flow reserve measurements using rubidium-82 pet and a highly automated analysis program.
Effects of a hypocaloric diet on obesity biomarkers: prevention of low-grade inflammation since childhood.
Heart-rate variability and blood-lactate threshold interaction during progressive resistance exercise in healthy older men.
Joint effects of XRCC1 polymorphisms and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure on sperm DNA damage and male infertility.
Determination of heterocyclic amines in urine samples by capillary liquid chromatography with evaporated light-scattering detection.
Natural progression of blood-induced joint damage in patients with haemophilia: clinical relevance and reproducibility of three-dimensional gait analysis.
Biochemical risk indices, including plasma homocysteine, that prospectively predict mortality in older British people: the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of People Aged 65 Years and Over.
Maternal overnutrition impacts offspring adiposity and brain appetite markers-modulation by postweaning diet.
Prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and children's intelligence at 5 years of age in a prospective cohort study in Poland.
Within-subject transformations of PET regional cerebral blood flow data: ANCOVA, ratio, and Z-score adjustments on empirical data.
Dietary intake of vitamins B6, B12 and folate in relation to homocysteine serum concentration in the adult Polish population - WOBASZ Project.
Multi analyte profiling and variability of inflammatory markers in blood and induced sputum in patients with stable COPD.
Effect of individualized exercise training combined with diet restriction on inflammatory markers and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 in obese children.
Trichloroacetic acid in urine as biological exposure equivalent for low exposure concentrations of trichloroethene.
Temporal reproducibility of taurine measurements in frozen serum of healthy postmenopausal women.
The effect of fasting plasma glucose variability on the risk of retinopathy in type 2 diabetic patients: retrospective long-term follow-up.
Mouse urinary biomarkers provide signatures of maturation, diet, stress level, and diurnal rhythm.
Reliability of red blood cell indices and formulas to discriminate between beta thalassemia trait and iron deficiency in children.
Evaluation of aminoglycoside clearance using the modification of diet in renal disease equation versus the Cockcroft-Gault equation as a marker of glomerular filtration rate.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBs) in the blood of toothed and baleen whales stranded along Japanese coastal waters.
Reliability of spot urine samples in assessing arsenic exposure.
Evaluation of a risk assessment questionnaire to assist hepatitis C screening in the general population.
Influence of meal intake on pulse wave indices in type 2 diabetes.
Repeatability and individual correlates of microbicidal capacity of bird blood.
Quality of life in patients with multiple sclerosis and urinary disorders: reliability and validity of Turkish-language version of Incontinence Quality of Life Scale.
Intrauterine exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, fine particulate matter and early wheeze. Prospective birth cohort study in 4-year olds.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and synthetic musks in umbilical cord serum, maternal serum, and breast milk from Seoul, South Korea.
Relationship between alcohol consumption and serum adiponectin levels: the Takahata study--a cross-sectional study of a healthy Japanese population.
High fruit intake is associated with a lower risk of future hypertension determined by home blood pressure measurement: the OHASAMA study.
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in human adipose tissue samples from southeast China.
Toxicity of Bromkal 70-5DE, a technical mixture of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, following 28 d of oral exposure in rats and impact of analysed impurities.
Evaluation of error levels in hemoglobin A1c and glycated albumin in type 2 diabetic patients due to inter-individual variability.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, biphenyls, and naphthalenes in plasma of workers deployed at the World Trade Center after the collapse.
Characteristics of plasma NOx levels in severe sepsis: high interindividual variability and correlation with illness severity, but lack of correlation with cortisol levels.
Variability of estradiol concentration in normal dogs.
Validation of a global pelvic floor symptom bother questionnaire.
Comparison of pre-workout nitric oxide stimulating dietary supplements on skeletal muscle oxygen saturation, blood nitrate/nitrite, lipid peroxidation, and upper body exercise performance in resistance trained men.
Physical exercise, fitness and dietary pattern and their relationship with circadian blood pressure pattern, augmentation index and endothelial dysfunction biological markers: EVIDENT study protocol.
Relationship between dietary sodium, potassium, and calcium, anthropometric indexes, and blood pressure in young and middle aged Korean adults.
High habitual dietary alpha-linolenic acid intake is associated with decreased plasma soluble interleukin-6 receptor concentrations in male twins.
The relative influence of calcium intake and vitamin D status on serum parathyroid hormone and bone turnover biomarkers in a double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel group, longitudinal factorial design.
Associations between mammographic density and serum and dietary cholesterol.
Biomarkers of alcohol consumption and related liver disease.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in paired samples of maternal and umbilical cord blood plasma and associations with house dust in a Danish cohort.
Changes in mucosal alpha-glucosidase activities along the jejunal-ileal axis by an Hm-HACS diet intake are associated with decreased lipogenic enzyme activity in epididymal adipose tissue.
Effects of chocolate milk consumption on markers of muscle recovery following soccer training: a randomized cross-over study.
Interleukin-6 as a potential indicator for prevention of high-risk adenoma recurrence by dietary flavonols in the polyp prevention trial.
Biomarkers of dietary exposure are associated with lower risk of breast fibroadenomas in Chinese women.
Evaluation of safety of excessive intake and efficacy of long-term intake of beverages containing apple polyphenols.
The effectiveness of relative dose response to retinol intake as an evaluation of vitamin A status of cirrhotic patients.
Overview and initial validation of two detailed, multidimensional, retrospective measures of substance use: the Lifetime Substance Use Recall (LSUR) and Longitudinal Substance Use Recall for 12 Weeks (LSUR-12) Instruments.
Cumulative exposure assessment for trace-level polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) using human blood and plasma analysis.
Relationship of self-reported alcohol consumption to ambulatory blood pressure in a sample of healthy adults.
Calorie control increased vaspin levels of serum and periepididymal adipose tissue in diet-induced obese rats in association with serum free fatty acid and tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Reducing consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with reduced blood pressure: a prospective study among United States adults.
Validity of food frequency questionnaire estimated intakes of folate and other B vitamins in a region without folic acid fortification.
Reliability of fasting plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations measured 4 months apart.
The reliability of using urinary biomarkers to estimate children's exposures to chlorpyrifos and diazinon.
Determination of selected polybrominated diphenylethers and polybrominated biphenyl in polymers by ultrasonic-assisted extraction and high-performance liquid chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry.
Serum albumin-bound proteomic signature for early detection and staging of hepatocarcinoma: sample variability and data classification.
Relationships between polybrominated diphenyl ether concentrations in house dust and serum.
Serum urate and its relationship with alcoholic beverage intake in men and women: findings from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort.
Repeatability of feed efficiency, carcass ultrasound, feeding behavior, and blood metabolic variables in finishing heifers divergently selected for residual feed intake.
Blood concentration of methylmercury in relation to food consumption.
Plasma retinol and association with socio-demographic and dietary characteristics of free-living older persons: the Bordeaux sample of the three-city study.
Dietary vitamin D intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level in relation to disease outcomes in head and neck cancer patients.
Plasma levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of cutaneous malignant melanoma: a preliminary study.
Associations between dietary patterns and flow cytometry-measured biomarkers of inflammation and cellular activation in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Carotid Artery MRI Study.
Predicting PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB contamination levels in bovine edible tissues from in vivo sampling.
Significantly higher polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in young U.S. children than in their mothers.
A single nucleotide polymorphism in the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase gene ( HMGCR) influences the serum triacylglycerol relationship with dietary fat and fibre in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition in Norfolk (EPIC-Norfolk) study.
Validation of the human activity profile questionnaire in patients after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Determination of haloacetic acids in human urine by headspace gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Estrogenic followed by anti-estrogenic effects of PCBs exposure in juvenil fish (Spaurus aurata).
Effect of targeting normal fasting glucose levels with basal insulin glargine on glycaemic variability and risk of hypoglycaemia: a randomized, controlled study in patients with early Type 2 diabetes.
Associations of food and nutrient intakes with serum IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-3, TGF-b1, total SOD activity and sFas levels among middle-aged Japanese: the Japan Collaborative Cohort study.
Nucleotide excision repair polymorphisms, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure, and their effects on sperm deoxyribonucleic acid damage and male factor infertility.
Chronic exposure and decontamination of a marine sculpin (Myoxocephalus scorpius) to polychlorinated biphenyls using selected body indices, blood values, histopathology, and parasites as bioindicators.
Heart rate variability and urinary catecholamines from job stress in korean male manufacturing workers according to work seniority.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and trace metals in the blood of nonoccupationally exposed residents living in the vicinity of a municipal solid waste incinerator and electric arc furnace.
Validation of electronic urinary incontinence questionnaires.
Effects of dietary fat modification on oxidative stress and inflammatory markers in the LIPGENE study.
Amounts and proportion of administered pyrene dose excreted as urinary 1-hydroxypyrene after dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
A comparison of deoxynivalenol intake and urinary deoxynivalenol in UK adults.
Differential effects of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners on serum thyroid hormone levels in rats.
Unmetabolized serum folic acid and its relation to folic acid intake from diet and supplements in a nationally representative sample of adults aged > or =60 y in the United States.
Metabolic profiling strategy for discovery of nutritional biomarkers: proline betaine as a marker of citrus consumption.
Determination of five phthalate monoesters in human urine using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility of black blood dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging in aortic plaques of atherosclerotic rabbits.
Predictors of serum dioxin, furan, and PCB concentrations among women from Chapaevsk, Russia.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study.
Improvement of bone formation biomarkers after 1-year consumption with milk fortified with eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, and selected vitamins.
Reliability of anion gap calculated from data obtained using a blood gas analyzer: is the probability of error predictable?
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in oesophageal tissue and risk of oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma in north-eastern Iran.
Effect of taurine supplementation on hyperhomocysteinemia and markers of oxidative stress in high fructose diet induced insulin resistance.
Phthalate esters used as plasticizers in packed red blood cell storage bags may lead to progressive toxin exposure and the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines.
Impact of gestational and lactational phthalate exposure on hypothalamic content of amino acid neurotransmitters and FSH secretion in peripubertal male rats.
Variability of biomarkers in volunteer studies: The biological component.
The individual and combined metabolite profiles (metabolomics) of dibutylphthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate following a 28-day dietary exposure in rats.
Multivariate models to predict human adipose tissue PCB concentrations in Southern Spain.
Prenatal exposure to phthalate esters and PAHs and birth outcomes.
Close relationship between strict blood glucose control, including suppression of blood glucose variability, and mortality reduction in acutely ill patients with glucose intolerance investigated by means of a bedside-type artificial pancreas.
Measurement of dietary intake of fatty acids in pregnant women: comparison of self-reported intakes with adipose tissue levels.
PCB and PBDE levels in wild common carp (Cyprinus carpio) from eastern Lake Erie.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in the indoor environment and associations with prenatal exposure.
Estimation of the interindividual variability of cytochrome 2D6 activity from urinary metabolic ratios in the literature.
Comparison of different sources and degrees of hydrolysis of dietary protein: effect on plasma amino acids, dipeptides, and insulin responses in human subjects.
Renal function equations before and after living kidney donation: a within-individual comparison of performance at different levels of renal function.
Childhood exposure to phthalates: associations with thyroid function, insulin-like growth factor I, and growth.
Recent substance intake among patients admitted to acute psychiatric wards: physician's assessment and on-site urine testing compared with comprehensive laboratory analyses.
Associations between urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and reproductive hormones in fertile men.
Effect of oral intake of capsaicinoid beadlets on catecholamine secretion and blood markers of lipolysis in healthy adults: a randomized, placebo controlled, double-blind, cross-over study.
Is marine mammal fat or fish intake most strongly associated with omega-3 blood levels among the Nunavik Inuit?
Differential repair of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts from an actively transcribed gene.
Cereal consumption and indicators of cardiovascular risk in adolescent girls.
Measuring the intra-individual variability of the plasma proteome in the chicken model of spontaneous ovarian adenocarcinoma.
Changes and variability in high levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol among children.
Blood pressure and hypertension in relation to levels of serum polychlorinated biphenyls in residents of Anniston, Alabama.
Effects of margarines and butter consumption on lipid profiles, inflammation markers and lipid transfer to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome.
Rapid assay for oestrogen receptor binding to PCB metabolites.
Effect of chronic intake of arsenic-contaminated water on blood oxidative stress indices in cattle in an arsenic-affected zone.
The beverage intake questionnaire: determining initial validity and reliability.
Persistence of blood changes associated with alteration of the dietary electrolyte balance in commercial pigs after feed withdrawal, transportation, and lairage, and the effects on performance and carcass quality.
Development of a targeted adductomic method for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts using online column-switching liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Development and validation of a questionnaire to identify severe maternal morbidity in epidemiological surveys.
Independent influence of dietary protein on markers of kidney function and disease in obesity.
PBDE exposure from food in Ireland: optimising data exploitation in probabilistic exposure modelling.
Variability of serum oxidative stress biomarkers relative to biochemical data and clinical parameters of glaucoma patients.
Reliability and relative validity of a quantitative food-frequency questionnaire for use among adults in Italian population.
Regular daily intake of black tea improves oxidative stress biomarkers and decreases serum C-reactive protein levels in type 2 diabetic patients.
Intra-individual variability in serum hepcidin precludes its use as a marker of iron status in hemodialysis patients.
Prevalence of the equol-producer phenotype and its relationship with dietary isoflavone and serum lipids in healthy Chinese adults.
Neurobehavioral effects of prenatal exposure to methylmercury and PCBs, and seafood intake: neonatal behavioral assessment scale results of Tohoku study of child development.
Relation of dietary and lifestyle traits to difference in serum leptin of Japanese in Japan and Hawaii: the INTERLIPID study.
Free fruit at workplace intervention increases total fruit intake: a validation study using 24h dietary recall and urinary flavonoid excretion.
Effect of increased consumption of whole-grain foods on blood pressure and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy middle-aged persons: a randomized controlled trial.
Noninvasive assessment of dermal carotenoids as a biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake.
Evaluation of liver and thyroid toxicity in Sprague-Dawley rats after exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether BDE-209.
Phthalates Biomarker Identification and Exposure Estimates in a Population of Pregnant Women.
Iron intake, red cell indicators of iron status, and DNA damage in young subjects.
Association between bone turnover, micronutrient intake, and blood lead levels in pre- and postmenopausal women, NHANES 1999-2002.
NMR-based metabonomic analysis of the hepatotoxicity induced by combined exposure to PCBs and TCDD in rats.
Developmental PCB exposure induces hypothyroxinemia and sex-specific effects on cerebellum glial protein levels in rats.
Sublingual and submandibular blood collection in mice: a comparison of effects on body weight, food consumption and tissue damage.
Quantification of day-to-day variability in growth hormone levels in acromegaly.
Time course of congener uptake and elimination in rats after short-term inhalation exposure to an airborne polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) mixture.
High-fat diet lowers the nutritional status indicators of pantothenic acid in weaning rats.
An estimate of phthalate exposure among pregnant women living in Trujillo, Peru.
Studying associations between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and cardiovascular diseases in the United States.
Goal-directed fluid management based on the pulse oximeter-derived pleth variability index reduces lactate levels and improves fluid management.
Development and validation of a liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry assay for the analysis of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and its metabolite 2-hydroxyamino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (N-OH-PhIP) in plasma, urine, bile, intestinal contents, faeces and eight selected tissues from mice.
Prenatal PAH exposure is associated with chromosome-specific aberrations in cord blood.
Postdiagnosis diet quality is inversely related to a biomarker of inflammation among breast cancer survivors.
Gains in statistical power from using a dietary biomarker in combination with self-reported intake to strengthen the analysis of a diet-disease association: an example from CAREDS.
Interobserver reproducibility in the diagnosis of invasive micropapillary carcinoma of the urinary tract among urologic pathologists.
Urinary fructose: a potential biomarker for dietary fructose intake in children.
An inverse association between serum leptin concentration and reported alcohol intake in patients with manifest vascular disease.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) models for lifetime exposure to PCB 153 in male and female harbor porpoises (Phocoena phocoena): model development and evaluation.
Linguistic validation of the N-QOL (ICIQ), OAB-q (ICIQ), PPBC, OAB-S and ICIQ-MLUTSsex questionnaires in 16 languages.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB-153) and (PCB-77) absorption in human liver (HepG2) and kidney (HK2) cells in vitro: PCB levels and cell death.
Influence of high- and low-carbohydrate diet following glycogen-depleting exercise on heart rate variability and plasma catecholamines.
Elucidating cellular and behavioural effects of contaminant impact (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, PAHs) in both laboratory-exposed and field-collected shore crabs, Carcinus maenas (Crustacea: Decapoda).
Validity of the international consultation on incontinence questionnaire-pediatric lower urinary tract symptoms: a screening questionnaire for children.
The relationship between variability in serum C-reactive protein levels in sows and their offspring and the values of selected blood indices.
Association between coffee consumption and the estimated glomerular filtration rate in the general Japanese population: preliminary data regarding C-reactive protein concentrations.
Lower efficacy in the utilization of dietary ALA as compared to preformed EPA + DHA on long chain n-3 PUFA levels in rats.
Intra- and interoperator reliability of manual and semi-automated measurement of fetal nuchal translucency by sonographers with different levels of experience.
Inclusion of Atlantic salmon in the Chinese diet reduces cardiovascular disease risk markers in dyslipidemic adult men.
Increase in HDL-C concentration by a dietary portfolio with soy protein and soluble fiber is associated with the presence of the ABCA1R230C variant in hyperlipidemic Mexican subjects.
Variability over 1 week in the urinary concentrations of metabolites of diethyl phthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate among eight adults: an observational study.
Chronic exposure of adults and embryos of Pandalus borealis to oil causes PAH accumulation, initiation of biomarker responses and an increase in larval mortality.
Biological monitoring of exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in six French factories: a field study.
Integrating variability in half-lives and dietary intakes to predict mercury concentration in hair.
Comparison of plasma and intake levels of antioxidant nutrients in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and healthy people in Taiwan: a case-control study.
Urinary metabolites as biomarkers of polyphenol intake in humans: a systematic review.
Reproducibility of the gadolinium concentration measurements and of the fitting parameters of the vascular input function in the superior sagittal sinus in a patient population.
Evaluation of a novel isotope biomarker for dietary consumption of sweets.
Correlations between phthalate metabolites in urine, serum, and seminal plasma from young Danish men determined by isotope dilution liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.
Consumption of rapeseed honey leads to higher serum fructose levels compared with analogue glucose/fructose solutions.
Alcohol consumption and markers of inflammation in women with preclinical rheumatoid arthritis.
Utilization of base deficit and reliability of base deficit as a surrogate for serum lactate in the peri-operative setting.
Relationship between plasma carotenoids, fruit and vegetable intake, and plasma extracellular superoxide dismutase activity in women: different in health and disease?
No altered blood pressure and serum markers of oxidative stress after a long time dietary fish oil in the genetically 9 month-old type-2 diabetes Zucker rat.
Genotoxic effects in swimmers exposed to disinfection by-products in indoor swimming pools.
Reliability of self-reported nicotine use as determined by serum cotinine levels in patients referred for liver transplantation.
The relationship between aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen and heart rate variability parameters in heart failure patients: a potential serum marker to evaluate cardiac autonomic control and sudden cardiac death.
Mediterranean diet, inflammatory and metabolic biomarkers, and risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in binary mixtures modulate the efficiency of benzo[a]pyrene to form DNA adducts in human cells.
Novel pressurized solvent extraction vessels for the analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in avian whole blood.
Interrelationship between exposure to PCDD/Fs and hypertension in metabolic syndrome in Taiwanese living near a highly contaminated area.
Reproducibility and relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of dietary flavonol and flavone in Chinese university campus population.
Repeatability of retrobulbar blood flow velocity measured using color Doppler imaging in the Indianapolis Glaucoma Progression Study.
Reliability and validity of food frequency questionnaire and nutrient biomarkers in elders with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Heart rate variability and biomarkers of systemic inflammation in patients with stable coronary heart disease: findings from the Heart and Soul Study.
Chocolate consumption is inversely associated with prevalent coronary heart disease: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Genetic correlation of blood pressure responses to dietary sodium and potassium intervention and cold pressor test in Chinese population.
Dietary exposure of juvenile common sole (Solea solea L.) to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs): Part 2. Formation, bioaccumulation and elimination of hydroxylated metabolites.
Aflatoxin and PAH exposure biomarkers in a U.S. population with a high incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Selecting adequate exposure biomarkers of diisononyl and diisodecyl phthalates: data from the 2005-2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Ecological risk assessment of great horned owls (Bubo virginianus) exposed to PCDD/DF in the Tittabawassee River floodplain in Midland, Michigan, USA.
Two non-consecutive 24 h recalls using EPIC-Soft software are sufficiently valid for comparing protein and potassium intake between five European centres--results from the European Food Consumption Validation (EFCOVAL) study.
A restricted cubic spline approach to assess the association between high fat fish intake and red blood cell EPA + DHA content.
Association of Japanese dietary pattern with serum adiponectin concentration in Japanese adult men.
HbA(c) and mean blood glucose show stronger associations with cardiovascular disease risk factors than do postprandial glycaemia or glucose variability in persons with diabetes: the A1C-Derived Average Glucose (ADAG) study.
Tissue-based risk assessment of great blue heron (Ardea herodias) exposed to PCDD/DF in the Tittabawassee River floodplain, Michigan, USA.
Relationship of PCDD/F concentrations in duck-egg farmers and consumption of ranched duck eggs in central Taiwan.
Ovotoxicity and PPAR-mediated aromatase downregulation in female Sprague-Dawley rats following combined oral exposure to benzo[a]pyrene and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
How useful are the BSUG database outcome criteria: validation using the MESA questionnaire.
Haptoglobin genotype modifies the association between dietary vitamin C and serum ascorbic acid deficiency.
Bi-directional gene set enrichment and canonical correlation analysis identify key diet-sensitive pathways and biomarkers of metabolic syndrome.
Evaluation of the noncovalent binding interactions between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites and human p53 cDNA.
Dietary flavonols contribute to false-positive elevation of homovanillic acid, a marker of catecholamine-secreting tumors.
Iron intake and markers of iron status and risk of Barrett's esophagus and esophageal adenocarcinoma.
Consumption of serum lipid-reducing drugs in Serbia compared with Scandinavian countries: a population-based study, 2004-2008.
Heritability and seasonal variability of vitamin D concentrations in male twins.
Maternal plasma polychlorinated biphenyl levels in cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) affect infant social skills in mother-infant interaction.
An association between dietary arachidonic acid, measured in adipose tissue, and ulcerative colitis.
Association of circulating visfatin concentrations with insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation after dietary energy restriction in Spanish obese non-diabetic women: role of body composition changes.
Urinary and serum metabolites of di-n-pentyl phthalate in rats.
High concentrations of polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs) in breast adipose tissue of California women.
Chromosome fragility in dairy cows exposed to dioxins and dioxin-like PCBs.
Rational design for variability minimization in bioanalytical method validation: illustration with LC-MS/MS assay method for terbinafine estimation in human plasma.
Intra-individual short-term variability of prostate-specific antigen and other kallikrein markers in a serial collection of blood from men under evaluation for prostate cancer.
Interactions between exposure to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA repair gene polymorphisms on bulky DNA adducts in human sperm.
Confirmation of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) distribution in the blood and verification of simple quantitative method for PCBs based on specific congeners.
Validation of web-based administration of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
Factors affecting variability in the urinary biomarker 1,6-hexamethylene diamine in workers exposed to 1,6-hexamethylene diisocyanate.
Rye whole grain and bran intake compared with refined wheat decreases urinary C-peptide, plasma insulin, and prostate specific antigen in men with prostate cancer.
Exposure patterns of UV filters, fragrances, parabens, phthalates, organochlor pesticides, PBDEs, and PCBs in human milk: correlation of UV filters with use of cosmetics.
Brown adipose tissue redox status in response to dietary-induced obesity-associated oxidative stress in male and female rats.
Dietary fiber and serum 16-hydroxyestrone, an estrogen metabolite associated with lower systolic blood pressure.
Impact of exercise and dietary fatty acid composition from a high-fat diet on markers of hunger and satiety.
The effects of fasting plasma glucose variability and time-dependent glycemic control on the long-term risk of retinopathy in type 2 diabetic patients.
Determination of new biomarkers to monitor the dietary consumption of isothiocyanates.
Variability in tacrolimus blood levels increases the risk of late rejection and graft loss after solid organ transplantation in older children.
Dairy products consumption is associated with decreased levels of inflammatory markers related to cardiovascular disease in apparently healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
Urinary lithiasis and idiopathic hypercalciuria: the importance of dietary intake evaluation.
Relationship of dietary cholesterol to blood pressure: the INTERMAP study.
A liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) method for the determination of phenolic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAH) in urine of non-smokers and smokers.
Exercise-associated hyponatremia: the influence of pre-exercise carbohydrate status combined with high volume fluid intake on sodium concentrations and fluid balance.
Fish consumption and myocardial infarction: a second prospective biomarker study from northern Sweden.
Analysis of r-7,t-8,9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene in human urine: a biomarker for directly assessing carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure plus metabolic activation.
The association of plasma resistin with dietary sodium manipulation, the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 in human hypertension.
Nutrient intake during an elite level three-day event competition is correlated to inflammatory markers and antioxidant status.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and other persistent organic pollutants in human serum from Greece.
The association between salt intake and adult systolic blood pressure is modified by birth weight.
Association between the serum folate levels and tea consumption during pregnancy.
Phthalate exposure in pregnant women and their children in central Taiwan.
The effects of a high-fat, high-cholesterol diet on markers of uterine contractility during parturition in the rat.
Relationship between serum osteocalcin and glycaemic variability in Type 2 diabetes.
Evaluation of the function of arteriolar opening by variability in microcirculatory blood flow following angiotensin II administration in rats.
Greater coffee intake in men is associated with steeper age-related increases in blood pressure.
Differences in male and female adolescents from various racial groups in the relationship between insulin resistance-associated parameters with sugar-sweetened beverage intake and physical activity levels.
Variability of hair coat and skin traits as related to adaptation in Criollo Limonero cattle.
The lipocalins retinol-binding protein-4, lipocalin-2 and lipocalin-type prostaglandin D2-synthase correlate with markers of inflammatory activity, alcohol intake and blood lipids, but not with insulin sensitivity in metabolically healthy 58-year-old Swedish men.
Background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in the population of the Canary Islands (Spain).
Negative associations between PBDE levels and thyroid hormones in cord blood.
Urinary excretion of the acrylonitrile metabolite 2-cyanoethylmercapturic acid is correlated with a variety of biomarkers of tobacco smoke exposure and consumption.
Half-lives of serum PCB congener concentrations in environmentally exposed early adolescents.
PBDEs in serum and blubber of harbor, grey and harp seal pups from Eastern Canada.
Does flying present a threat of polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure?
Quantitative analysis of the intra- and inter-individual variability of the normal urinary proteome.
Dietary bitter melon seed increases peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor- gene expression in adipose tissue, down-regulates the nuclear factor-B expression, and alleviates the symptoms associated with metabolic syndrome.
Intra-individual variability of CO breath isotope enrichment compared to blood glucose in the oral glucose tolerance test.
Changes in adipocyte cell size, gene expression of lipid metabolism markers, and lipolytic responses induced by dietary fish oil replacement in gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata L.).
Molecular signature for early detection and prediction of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in peripheral blood.
Inter-subject correlation exists between morphological metrics of cerebral blood flow velocity and intracranial pressure pulses.
Performance characteristics of an FT MS-based workflow for label-free differential MS analysis of human plasma: standards, reproducibility, targeted feature investigation, and application to a model of controlled myocardial infarction.
Dietary patterns and blood levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs in 1656 Japanese individuals.
Predictors of polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in adipose tissue in a general Danish population.
Validation of the Finnish diabetes risk score (FINDRISC) questionnaire for screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes, dysglycaemia and the metabolic syndrome in Greece.
Association between urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites and sperm DNA damage: a population study in Chongqing, China.
Association of interleukin-6 gene -572 C > G polymorphism with dietary intake of n-3 fatty acids on plasma HDL-c level in Chinese male adults.
Vessel tortuousity and reduced vascularization in the fetoplacental arterial tree after maternal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Assessment of polychlorinated biphenyls and mercury levels in soil and biological samples from San Felipe, Nuevo Mercurio, Zacatecas, Mexico.
Increased vitamin E intake is associated with higher alpha-tocopherol concentration in the maternal circulation but higher alpha-carboxyethyl hydroxychroman concentration in the fetal circulation.
Intra- and interindividual iodine excretion in 24 hours in individuals in southern Brazil: a cross-sectional study.
Cardiac autonomic dysfunction from occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Debrominated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) after exposure to decabromodiphenyl ether.
Hypoglycemia risk and glucose variability indices derived from routine self-monitoring of blood glucose are related to laboratory measures of insulin sensitivity and epinephrine counterregulation.
A case study addressing the reliability of polychlorinated biphenyl levels measured at the time of breast cancer diagnosis in representing early-life exposure.
Dietary, but not supplemental, intakes of carotenoids and vitamin C are associated with decreased odds of lower urinary tract symptoms in men.
Applying the triads method in the validation of dietary intake using biomarkers.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess the consumption of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables among adolescents: the method of triads.
Effects of postprandial state and mesenteric blood flow on the repeatability of MR elastography in asymptomatic subjects.
Effect of diet with and without exercise training on markers of inflammation and fat distribution in overweight women.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in subjects with and without major depressive disorder.
Menstrual effects among women exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Fish consumption and concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in the serum of older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Serum dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls are associated with growth among Russian boys.
Rapid determination of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites based on liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry as a marker for blood transfusion in sports drug testing.
Evaluation of 2 methods for sodium intake assessment in cardiac patients with and without heart failure: the confounding effect of loop diuretics.
Analytic variability due to change of deficient plasma vials: application to one-stage clotting factor VIII assay.
Circulating levels and dietary intake of the advanced glycation end-product marker carboxymethyl lysine in chronic kidney disease patients on conservative predialysis therapy: a pilot study.
Seasonal variations in the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in young adults living in Mexico City.
Variability and predictors of urinary bisphenol A concentrations during pregnancy.
Biomarker-calibrated energy and protein consumption and cardiovascular disease risk among postmenopausal women.
Changes in serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), hydroxylated PCB metabolites and pentachlorophenol during pregnancy.
Associations between glutathione peroxidase-1 Pro198Leu polymorphism, selenium status, and DNA damage levels in obese women after consumption of Brazil nuts.
Distinct genetic signatures for variability in total and free serum thyroxine levels in four sets of recombinant inbred mice.
A dual epigenomic approach for the search of obesity biomarkers: DNA methylation in relation to diet-induced weight loss.
Metabolic indices, energy and macronutrient intake according to weight status in a rural sample of 17-year-old adolescents.
Development and validation of The Personal Diabetes Questionnaire (PDQ): a measure of diabetes self-care behaviors, perceptions and barriers.
Reducing Cholesterol Intake: Are the recommendations valid?
Quantitation of a minor enantiomer of phenanthrene tetraol in human urine: correlations with levels of overall phenanthrene tetraol, benzo[a]pyrene tetraol, and 1-hydroxypyrene.
Protective effect of Garcinia against renal oxidative stress and biomarkers induced by high fat and sucrose diet.
Screening of non-polar heterocyclic amines in urine by microextraction in packed sorbent-fluorimetric detection and confirmation by capillary liquid chromatography.
Urinary trichloroacetic acid levels and semen quality: a hospital-based cross-sectional study in Wuhan, China.
The EORTC Quality of Life questionnaire for patients with colorectal cancer: EORTC QLQ-CR29 validation study for Spanish patients.
Dietary exposure of PBDEs resulting from a subsistence diet in three First Nation communities in the James Bay Region of Canada.
High dietary and plasma levels of the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid are associated with decreased dementia risk: the Rancho Bernardo study.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase variants associated with hypertension and cardiovascular disease interact with dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids to modulate plasma homocysteine in puerto rican adults.
PBDEs and PCBs in the liver of the St Lawrence Estuary beluga (Delphinapterus leucas): a comparison of levels and temporal trends with the blubber.
A whole-grain cereal-rich diet increases plasma betaine, and tends to decrease total and LDL-cholesterol compared with a refined-grain diet in healthy subjects.
Relative validity of fruit and vegetable intake estimated from an FFQ, using carotenoid and flavonoid biomarkers and the method of triads.
Major habitual dietary patterns are associated with acute myocardial infarction and cardiovascular risk markers in a southern European population.
Associations between maternal phthalate exposure and cord sex hormones in human infants.
T(2) preparation method for measuring hyperemic myocardial O(2) consumption: in vivo validation by positron emission tomography.
The relationship between heart rate variability and serum cytokines in chronic chagasic patients with persistent parasitemia.
Use of the predictive sugars biomarker to evaluate self-reported total sugars intake in the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) study.
Sex, BMI and age in addition to dietary intakes influence blood concentrations and congener profiles of dioxins and PCBs.
A critical evaluation of the creatinine correction approach: can it underestimate intakes of phthalates? A case study with di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in mothers and time to pregnancy in daughters.
Variance component analysis of a multi-site study for the reproducibility of multiple reaction monitoring measurements of peptides in human plasma.
Correlations of fish intake and plasma docosahexaenoic acid levels with each congener of PCDDs/PCDFs/dioxin-like PCBs in blood from the Japanese population.
Increased urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine levels in workers exposed to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in a waste plastic recycling site in China.
Exposure to isothiocyanates suppresses urinary mutagenicity in rats treated with heterocyclic amine IQ: lack of association with CYP1 activity.
Biomarker responses and disease susceptibility in juvenile rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss fed a high molecular weight PAH mixture.
Maternal and early postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure in relation to total serum immunoglobulin concentrations in 6-month-old infants.
Validation of the Swedish short forms of the Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7), Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and newborn biometric indicators.
A dual investigation of the effect of dietary supplementation with licorice flavonoid oil on anthropometric and biochemical markers of health and adiposity.
Normalized spectral power of fetal heart rate variability is associated with fetal scalp blood pH.
Antioxidant-rich food intakes and their association with blood total antioxidant status and vitamin C and E levels in community-dwelling seniors from the Quebec longitudinal study NuAge.
Central venous catheter sampling of low molecular heparin levels: an approach to increasing result reliability.
A Taiwanese version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire--Urinary Incontinence Short Form for pregnant women: instrument validation.
Heart rate variability is independently associated with C-reactive protein but not with Serum amyloid A. The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Selected dietary flavonoids are associated with markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in U.S. women.
Association between dietary pattern and serum C-reactive protein in Japanese men and women.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D is associated with plasma renin activity and the pressor response to dietary sodium intake in Caucasians.
Variability of uterine blood flow in lactating cows during the second half of gestation.
Polychlorinated biphenyl and organochlorine pesticide levels in human breast milk from the Mediterranean city Antalya, Turkey.
Application of a repeat-measure biomarker measurement error model to 2 validation studies: examination of the effect of within-person variation in biomarker measurements.
Accuracy and reproducibility of blood clot burden quantification with pulmonary CT angiography.
In utero and lactational exposure to PCB 118 and PCB 153 alter ovarian follicular dynamics and GnRH-induced luteinizing hormone secretion in female lambs.
Serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to in vitro fertilization outcomes.
Total consumer exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers in North America and Europe.
Reliability of leptin, but not adiponectin, as a biomarker for diet-induced weight loss in humans.
Urinary phthalate metabolites in relation to biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress: NHANES 1999-2006.
Magnetic resonance VIBE venography using the blood pool contrast agent gadofosveset trisodium--an interrater reliability study.
EROD activity in peripheral blood lymphocytes and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and milk as biomarkers of PAH exposure in dairy ruminants.
Evaluation of dietary factors in relation to the biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation in breast cancer risk.
Concentrations and accumulation profiles of PCDDs, PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in adipose fat tissues of Korean women.
Blood pressure in relation to concentrations of PCB congeners and chlorinated pesticides.
Maternal high fat diet is associated with decreased plasma n-3 fatty acids and fetal hepatic apoptosis in nonhuman primates.
Dietary restriction of lycopene for a period of one month resulted in significantly increased biomarkers of oxidative stress and bone resorption in postmenopausal women.
Ethyl sulphate and ethyl glucuronide in vitreous humor as postmortem evidence marker for ethanol consumption prior to death.
Exposure to phthalates in 5-6 years old primary school starters in Germany--a human biomonitoring study and a cumulative risk assessment.
Lack of effect of a moderate hypocaloric diet on visfatin levels in morbid obese patients: relationship with insulin resistance.
Optimized determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in sheep serum by solid-phase extraction-gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
A study of relationships between bone-related vitamins and minerals, related risk markers, and subsequent mortality in older British people: the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of People Aged 65Years and Over.
Pharmacokinetic variability of quetiapine and the active metabolite N-desalkylquetiapine in psychiatric patients.
Racial differences in correlations between reported dietary intakes of carotenoids and their concentration biomarkers.
In utero exposure to the antiandrogen di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate decreases adrenal aldosterone production in the adult rat.
Nutrition education guided by Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents on metabolic syndrome characteristics, adipokines and inflammatory markers.
Validation of a simplified food frequency questionnaire as used in the Nutrition and Health Survey in Taiwan (NAHSIT) for the elderly.
Occurrence of phthalate metabolites in human urine from several Asian countries.
Cotinine concentrations in follicular fluid as a measure of secondhand tobacco smoke exposure in women undergoing in vitro fertilization: inter-matrix comparisons with urine and temporal variability.
Phthalates and their metabolites in breast milk--results from the Bavarian Monitoring of Breast Milk (BAMBI).
Variability of urinary concentrations of bisphenol A in spot samples, first morning voids, and 24-hour collections.
Antioxidant intake from diet and supplements and elevated serum C-reactive protein and plasma homocysteine concentrations in US adults: a cross-sectional study.
Urinary excretion of phthalate metabolites in 129 healthy Danish children and adolescents: estimation of daily phthalate intake.
Personal care product use and urinary levels of phthalate metabolites in Mexican women.
Sodium intake is associated with carotid artery structure alterations and plasma matrix metalloproteinase-9 upregulation in hypertensive adults.
Comparative assessment of human exposure to phthalate esters from house dust in China and the United States.
Use of genetic markers and gene-diet interactions for interrogating population-level causal influences of diet on health.
Increasing the "region of interest" and "time of interest", both reduce the variability of blood flow measurements using laser speckle contrast imaging.
Urinary concentrations of phthalates and phenols in a population of Spanish pregnant women and children.
An association of elevated serum prolactin with phthalate exposure in adult men.
European Surveillance of Antimicrobial Consumption (ESAC): disease-specific quality indicators for outpatient antibiotic prescribing.
Food patterns, inflammation markers and incidence of cardiovascular disease: the Malm Diet and Cancer study.
Intakes of vitamins and minerals in relation to urinary incontinence, voiding, and storage symptoms in women: a cross-sectional analysis from the Boston Area Community Health survey.
Fluorescence enhancement effect for the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls with bovine serum albumin.
Food packaging and bisphenol A and bis(2-ethyhexyl) phthalate exposure: findings from a dietary intervention.
THCVA-A - a new additional marker for illegal cannabis consumption.
Variability in urinary oxalate measurements between six international laboratories.
Polymorphism in the interleukin-1 receptor antagonist gene is associated with serum interleukin-1 receptor antagonist concentrations and postoperative opioid consumption.
Dietary fiber is associated with circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein in breast cancer survivors: the HEAL study.
DNA adduct formation of 4-aminobiphenyl and heterocyclic aromatic amines in human hepatocytes.
The association between blood pressure in adolescents and the consumption of fruits, vegetables and fruit juice--an exploratory study.
An occupational exposure assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofurans in firefighters.
Biomarkers of chromosomal damage in peripheral blood lymphocytes induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a meta-analysis.
Construct validity of a questionnaire to measure the type of fluid intake and type of urinary incontinence.
Adipose levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and risk of breast cancer.
Predictors of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among pregnant women--prospective cohort study in Poland.
Variability of plasma homovanillic acid over 13 months in patients with schizophrenia; relationship with the clinical response and the Wisconsin card sort test.
In situ labeling of DNA reveals interindividual variation in nuclear DNA breakdown in hair and may be useful to predict success of forensic genotyping of hair.
Enhanced hepatotoxicity induced by repeated exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin in combination in male rats.
Use of a food frequency questionnaire to assess diets of Jamaican adults: validation and correlation with biomarkers.
Phthalate metabolites in urine from China, and implications for human exposures.
Analysis of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in rat plasma by using ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Quality of life in multiple sclerosis patients with urinary disorders: reliability and validity of the Turkish version of King's Health Questionnaire.
Serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in Mexican women and breast cancer risk.
Vegetarian diet improves insulin resistance and oxidative stress markers more than conventional diet in subjects with Type 2 diabetes.
Evaluation of the Children's Eating Habits Questionnaire used in the IDEFICS study by relating urinary calcium and potassium to milk consumption frequencies among European children.
The -308 G/A polymorphism of the tumour necrosis factor- gene modifies the association between saturated fat intake and serum total cholesterol levels in white South African women.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-aromatic DNA adducts in cord blood and behavior scores in New York city children.
Case discussion in blood glucose variability.
Association of bone microarchitecture with parathyroid hormone concentration and calcium intake in men: the STRAMBO study.
Assessment of non-occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons through personal air sampling and urinary biomonitoring.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in U.S. Meat and poultry from two statistically designed surveys showing trends and levels from 2002 to 2008.
High postnatal exposures to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) via breast milk in California: does BDE-209 transfer to breast milk?
Inter-rater reliability study of the modified Oxford Grading Scale and the Peritron manometer.
A comparison of PBDE serum concentrations in Mexican and Mexican-American children living in California.
Individual exposures to drinking water trihalomethanes, low birth weight and small for gestational age risk: a prospective Kaunas cohort study.
Spectroelectrochemical sensing of pyrene metabolites 1-hydroxypyrene and 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide.
Association with serum gamma-glutamyltransferase levels and alcohol consumption on stroke and coronary artery disease: the Suita study.
Nutrition transition among adolescents of a south-Mediterranean country: dietary patterns, association with socio-economic factors, overweight and blood pressure. A cross-sectional study in Tunisia.
Detection of fatty acid ethyl esters in skin surface lipids as biomarkers of ethanol consumption in alcoholics, social drinkers, light drinkers, and teetotalers using a methodology based on microwave-assisted extraction followed by solid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of new flavonoid fatty acid esters with anti-adipogenic and enhancing glucose consumption activities.
Risk assessment for the daily intake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from the ingestion of cockle (Anadara granosa) and exposure to contaminated water and sediments along the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia.
Variability in transport and biotransformation of cytarabine is associated with its toxicity in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Effects of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate v. high-protein, moderate-carbohydrate weight-loss diet on antioxidant status, endothelial markers and plasma indices of the cardiometabolic profile.
Consumption of a DHA-containing functional food during pregnancy is associated with lower infant ponderal index and cord plasma insulin concentration.
Evaluation of exposure reduction to indoor air pollution in stove intervention projects in Peru by urinary biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Phthalates exposure of Chinese reproductive age couples and its effect on male semen quality, a primary study.
Dietary patterns are associated with levels of global genomic DNA methylation in a cancer-free population.
Urinary biomarkers of meat consumption.
Correlation between exposure to phthalates and concentrations of malondialdehyde in infants and children undergoing cyclic parenteral nutrition.
Elevated serum 25(OH)D concentrations, vitamin D, and calcium intakes are associated with reduced adipocyte size in women.
Baseline variation and associations between subject characteristics and five cytokine biomarkers of vaginal safety among healthy non-pregnant women in microbicide trials.
Phthalate exposures and human health concerns: A review and implications for practice.
Phthalate esters modulate the differentiation and maturation of mouse peripheral blood mononuclear cell-derived dendritic cells.
Flavanols from green tea and phenolic acids from coffee: critical quantitative evaluation of the pharmacokinetic data in humans after consumption of single doses of beverages.
A randomised trial to investigate the effects of acute consumption of a blackcurrant juice drink on markers of vascular reactivity and bioavailability of anthocyanins in human subjects.
Characterization and expression of cytochrome P4501A in Atlantic sturgeon and shortnose sturgeon experimentally exposed to coplanar PCB 126 and TCDD.
Increasing blood glucose variability heralds hypoglycemia in the critically ill.
Dietary insulin index and insulin load in relation to biomarkers of glycemic control, plasma lipids, and inflammation markers.
Fetal adrenal development: comparing effects of combined exposures to PCB 118 and PCB 153 in a sheep model.
The diagnostic reliability of urinary cytology: a retrospective study.
Biomarkers of dairy intake and the risk of heart disease.
Levels and congener profiles of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from Shanghai: implication for exposure route of higher brominated BDEs.
Ratio of fat to energy intake independently associated with the duration of diabetes and total cholesterol levels in type 2 diabetes.
Development and validation of a food-frequency questionnaire to assess short-term antioxidant intake in athletes.
Mast cells in the intestine and gills of the sea bream, Sparus aurata, exposed to a polychlorinated biphenyl, PCB 126.
Correlations of PCBs, DIOXIN, and PBDE with TSH in children's blood in areas of computer E-waste recycling.
Validation of the Japanese version of the Sarcoidosis Health Questionnaire: a cross-sectional study.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, arsenic and environmental tobacco smoke, nutrient intake, and oxidative stress in Japanese preschool children.
Exposure to phthalates among premenstrual girls from rural and urban Gharbiah, Egypt: a pilot exposure assessment study.
Cervical blood perfusion assessed using power Doppler-derived estimation of fractional moving blood volume: a reproducibility study.
Supplementation of a western diet with golden kiwifruits (Actinidia chinensis var.'Hort 16A':) effects on biomarkers of oxidation damage and antioxidant protection.
Fruit and vegetable intake influences the association between exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and a marker of oxidative stress in pregnant women.
FADS1 genetic variability interacts with dietary -linolenic acid intake to affect serum non-HDL-cholesterol concentrations in European adolescents.
Exposure to phthalates: reproductive outcome and children health. A review of epidemiological studies.
Urinary concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites and serum reproductive hormones: pooled analysis of fertile and infertile men.
Feasibility and reliability of flow-cytometry (fcm) DNA analysis of fresh and fixed urine samples.
Association between self-monitoring of blood glucose and diet among minority patients with diabetes.
The changes in plasma retinol-binding protein 4 levels are associated with those of the apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins during dietary and drug treatment.
Variability of serum tumor-associated antigens and their significance in cancer-diagnosis (review).
Associations of the SREBP-1c gene polymorphism with gender-specific changes in serum lipids induced by a high-carbohydrate diet in healthy Chinese youth.
Chinese validation of Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire.
Effects of dialysate glucose concentration on heart rate variability in chronic hemodialysis patients: results of a prospective randomized trial.
Association of C in fingerstick blood with added-sugar and sugar-sweetened beverage intake.
Pilot study on the exposure of the German general population to non-dioxin-like and dioxin-like PCBs.
Exercise training biomarkers: influence of short-term diet modification on the blood lactate to rating of perceived exertion (La:RPE) ratio.
Urinary N-methylpyridinium and trigonelline as candidate dietary biomarkers of coffee consumption.
Multi-center feasibility study evaluating recruitment, variability in risk factors and biomarkers for a diet and cancer cohort in India.
Circulating levels of bisphenol A and phthalates are related to carotid atherosclerosis in the elderly.
The association between semen quality in workers and the concentration of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in polyvinyl chloride pellet plant air.
Impact of the improved patsari biomass stove on urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon biomarkers and carbon monoxide exposures in rural Mexican women.
Quantification of carcinogenic 4- to 6-ring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine by solid-phase microextraction gas chromatography-isotope dilution mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility of fetal ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveforms during first stage of labor.
Cytogenetic biomonitoring of road paving workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Consumption of legumes improves certain bone markers in ovariectomized rats.
Organophosphate pesticide metabolite levels in pre-school children in an agricultural community: within- and between-child variability in a longitudinal study.
Heart rate variability, overnight urinary norepinephrine, and plasma cholesterol in apparently healthy human adults.
Comparison of serum bisphenol A concentrations in mice exposed to bisphenol A through the diet versus oral bolus exposure.
Elevated levels of triglyceride and triglyceride-rich lipoprotein triglyceride induced by a high-carbohydrate diet is associated with polymorphisms of APOA5-1131T>C and APOC3-482C>T in Chinese healthy young adults.
Haloacetic acids in swimming pools: swimmer and worker exposure.
Dietary fiber in the diets of urban Tunisian women: association of fiber intake with BMI, waist circumference and blood chemistry: preliminary study.
Higher biomarker-calibrated protein intake is not associated with impaired renal function in postmenopausal women.
Reproducibility of and correspondence among different hepcidin forms in blood and urine and their relationships to iron status in healthy, male Guatemalan volunteers observed over 9 weeks.
Decreased heart rate variability in HIV positive patients receiving antiretroviral therapy: importance of blood glucose and cholesterol.
Exposure of Hong Kong residents to PBDEs and their structural analogues through market fish consumption.
Serum PBDEs and age at menarche in adolescent girls: analysis of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004.
Human maternal and umbilical cord blood concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Disruption of spermatogenesis and differential regulation of testicular estrogen receptor expression in mice after polychlorinated biphenyl exposure.
Relationship between serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides and dietary habits of pregnant women in Shanghai.
Serum PCB levels and congener profiles among teachers in PCB-containing schools: a pilot study.
Diet intervention and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Developmental exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate impairs endocrine pancreas and leads to long-term adverse effects on glucose homeostasis in the rat.
A carbohydrate-restricted diet during resistance training promotes more favorable changes in body composition and markers of health in obese women with and without insulin resistance.
Increase of urinary concentrations of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in diesel exhaust emission inspector exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Increased daily sodium intake is an independent dietary indicator of the metabolic syndrome in middle-aged subjects.
Diet-induced elevations in serum cholesterol are associated with alterations in hippocampal lipid metabolism and increased oxidative stress.
Associations of polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and endogenous hormones with diabetes in post-menopausal women previously employed at a capacitor manufacturing plant.
Determinants of serum concentrations of 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene and polychlorinated biphenyls among French women in the CECILE study.
Bisphenol-A and phthalates contamination of urine samples by catheters in the Elfe pilot study: implications for large-scale biomonitoring studies.
Health risk associated with dietary co-exposure to high levels of antimony and arsenic in the world's largest antimony mine area.
Metabolism and biomarkers of heterocyclic aromatic amines in molecular epidemiology studies: lessons learned from aromatic amines.
Does increased intake of salmon increase markers of oxidative stress in pregnant women? The salmon in pregnancy study.
Glycine N-methyltransferase affects urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine levels after PAH exposure.
Foetal exposure to phthalate esters and anogenital distance in male newborns.
Temporal trends in serum concentrations of polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and PCBs among adult women living in Chapaevsk, Russia: a longitudinal study from 2000 to 2009.
Phthalate exposure associated with self-reported diabetes among Mexican women.
Autologous serum skin test vs autologous plasma skin test in patients with chronic urticaria: evaluation of reproducibility, sensitivity and specificity and relationship with disease activity, quality of life and anti-thyroid antibodies.
Association between dietary folate intake and blood status of folate and homocysteine in Malaysian adults.
Reliability of serum metabolite concentrations over a 4-month period using a targeted metabolomic approach.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites in placenta from Madrid mothers.
The reliability of maternal serum triple test in prenatal diagnosis of fetal chromosomal abnormalities of pregnant Turkish women.
Biological monitoring of indoor-exposure to dioxin-like and non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in a public building.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma predict development of type 2 diabetes in the elderly: the prospective investigation of the vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS) study.
Does glucose variability influence the relationship between mean plasma glucose and HbA1c levels in type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients?
Occupational exposure to diisononyl phthalate (DiNP) in polyvinyl chloride processing operations.
Transcriptomics identifies differences between ultrapure non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxin-like PCB126 in cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Phthalate exposure during cold plastisol application--a human biomonitoring study.
Increased blood glucose variability during therapeutic hypothermia and outcome after cardiac arrest.
Freshwater fish-consumption relations with total hair mercury and selenium among women in eastern China.
The necessity and reliability of intraoperative parathyroid hormone (PTH) testing in patients with mild hyperparathyroidism and PTH levels in the normal range.
Repeated measurements for assessment of urinary 2-naphthol levels in individuals exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Associations between polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants, phenolic metabolites, and thyroid hormones during pregnancy.
Exposure to PBDEs in the office environment: evaluating the relationships between dust, handwipes, and serum.
Comparison of the concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins in mothers affected by the Yusho incident and their children.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in indoor air and in serum among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Breath acetone concentration; biological variability and the influence of diet.
DNA repair and replication influence the number of mutations per adduct of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in mammalian cells.
Intraindividual variability of homocysteine and related thiols concentrations in follicular fluid.
Fruit and vegetable intakes in relation to plasma nutrient concentrations in women in Shanghai, China.
Parental eating attitudes and indicators of healthy eating in a longitudinal randomized dietary intervention trial (the STRIP study).
Biomarker-based evaluation of two 24-h recalls for comparing usual fish, fruit and vegetable intakes across European centers in the EFCOVAL Study.
Validity and reliability of perinatal biomarkers of adiposity after storage as dried blood spots on paper.
A high-amylopectin diet caused hepatic steatosis associated with more lipogenic enzymes and increased serum insulin concentration.
Proline betaine and its biotransformation products in fasting urine samples are potential biomarkers of habitual citrus fruit consumption.
Incidence of thyroid disease following exposure to polybrominated biphenyls and polychlorinated biphenyls, Michigan, 1974-2006.
Prenatal exposure to phthalates and infant development at 6 months: prospective Mothers and Children's Environmental Health (MOCEH) study.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human milk as markers of environmental exposure to these compounds.
Relationship between urinary phthalate and bisphenol A concentrations and serum thyroid measures in U.S. adults and adolescents from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007-2008.
A high intake of trans fatty acids has little effect on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in humans.
Fish consumption in healthy adults is associated with decreased circulating biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction and inflammation during a 6-year follow-up.
Effect of consumption of tomato juice enriched with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the lipid profile, antioxidant biomarker status, and cardiovascular disease risk in healthy women.
Atherosclerosis amelioration by moderate alcohol consumption is associated with increased circulating levels of stromal cell-derived factor-1.
Relationship between dietary mineral intake and blood pressure (BP) in the elderly in Turkey.
Relation between glucose levels, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), body mass index (BMI) and serum and dietary retinol in elderly in population-based study.
Intra-individual variability over time in serum cytokine levels among participants in the prostate, lung, colorectal, and ovarian cancer screening Trial.
Study on the interaction of phthalate esters to human serum albumin by steady-state and time-resolved fluorescence and circular dichroism spectroscopy.
Relationship between dietary folate intake and plasma monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and interleukin-8 in heart failure patients.
Establishing the content validity of the King's Health Questionnaire in men and women with overactive bladder in the US.
Preparing for national school-based deworming in Kenya: the validation and large-scale distribution of school questionnaires with urinary schistosomiasis.
Identification of human urinary biomarkers of cruciferous vegetable consumption by metabonomic profiling.
Changes in markers of inflammation, antioxidant capacity and oxidative stress in smokers following consumption of milk, and milk supplemented with fruit and vegetable extracts and vitamin C.
Increased body mass index modifies associations between alcohol intake and blood cholesterol profile.
Plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations correlate with whole grain wheat and rye intake and show moderate reproducibility over a 2- to 3-month period in free-living Swedish adults.
Association of the catechol-O-methyl transferase gene Val158Met polymorphism with blood pressure and prevalence of hypertension: interaction with dietary energy intake.
Variability of parvovirus B19 genotype 2 in plasma products with different compositions in the inactivation sensitivity by liquid-heating.
Reduced thyroxine levels in mice perinatally exposed to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Comparison of immunnological and genotoxicological parameters in automobile emission inspectors exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Chronic toxicity of diethyl phthalate-A three generation lactational and gestational exposure study on male Wistar rats.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and hearing impairment in children.
DNA damage associated with PCBs in the whole blood cells of Inuit.
Environmental exposure to PBDEs and thyroid function among New York anglers.
Phthalate metabolites in urine of CF patients are associated with use of enteric-coated pancreatic enzymes.
Slower gastric emptying in high-fat diet induced obese rats is associated with attenuated plasma ghrelin and elevated plasma leptin and cholecystokinin concentrations.
The relationship between body mass index and the variation in plasma levels of triglycerides after short-term red wine consumption.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet with and without weight loss on surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men with the metabolic syndrome.
The influence of metabolic gene polymorphisms on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in Thai bus drivers.
Assessment of seasonal and sex-related variability of biomarkers in carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) from Karakaya Dam Lake, Turkey.
Analysis of the variability of human normal urine by 2D-GE reveals a "public" and a "private" proteome.
Dietary reporting errors on 24 h recalls and dietary questionnaires are associated with BMI across six European countries as evaluated with recovery biomarkers for protein and potassium intake.
Moderate dietary sodium restriction added to angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition compared with dual blockade in lowering proteinuria and blood pressure: randomised controlled trial.
Dietary intake associated with serum versus urinary carboxymethyl-lysine, a major advanced glycation end product, in adults: the Energetics Study.
Determinants of serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels among pregnant women in the CHAMACOS cohort.
Long-term variability of desmosine/isodesmosine as biomarker in alpha-1-antritrypsin deficiency-related COPD.
Prolonged high iodine intake is associated with inhibition of type 2 deiodinase activity in pituitary and elevation of serum thyrotropin levels.
The Portuguese validation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
Urinary incontinence self-report questions: reproducibility and agreement with bladder diary.
Association of caffeine consumption and smoking status with the serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, dioxins, and furans in the general U.S. population: NHANES 2003-2004.
Molecular markers that can be utilized in diet and dietary supplement research.
Urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in children residing near a coal-fired power plant.
Non-inferiority of insulin glargine versus insulin detemir on blood glucose variability in type 1 diabetes patients: a multicenter, randomized, crossover study.
DNA adducts in skin biopsies and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of psoriasis patients and healthy volunteers following treatment with coal tar.
Biochemical study of oxidative stress markers in the liver, kidney and heart of high fat diet induced obesity in rats.
Dietary intake of vitamin B12 and folic acid is associated with lower blood pressure in Japanese preschool children.
Progress in the removal of di-[2-ethylhexyl]-phthalate as plasticizer in blood bags.
Altered cardiovascular reactivity and osmoregulation during hyperosmotic stress in adult rats developmentally exposed to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs).
Dietary selenium (Se) and vitamin E (V(E)) supplementation modulated methylmercury-mediated changes in markers of cardiovascular diseases in rats.
The association of hs-CRP with fasting and postprandial plasma lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes is disrupted by dietary monounsaturated fatty acids.
Biomarkers of low-level mercury exposure through fish consumption in pregnant and lactating Slovenian women.
Associations between dietary n-6 and n-3 fatty acids and arachidonic acid compositions in plasma and erythrocytes in young and elderly Japanese volunteers.
Natural antibodies in bovine milk and blood plasma: variability among cows, repeatability within cows, and relation between milk and plasma titers.
Effects of di-n-butyl phthalate on male rat reproduction following pubertal exposure.
One-Year Plasma N-linked Glycome Intra-individual and Inter-individual Variability in the Chicken Model of Spontaneous Ovarian Adenocarcinoma.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and DNA adduct semi-quantitation in archived human tissues.
Reliability and responsiveness of the Urgency Severity and Life Impact Questionnaire (USIQ).
In utero exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and reduced neonatal physiological development from Guiyu, China.
Whole genome expression in peripheral-blood samples of workers professionally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The water balance questionnaire: design, reliability and validity of a questionnaire to evaluate water balance in the general population.
Cross validation of the prostate cancer radiotherapy late toxicity (PCRT) questionnaire with the expanded prostate cancer index composite (EPIC) instrument.
Prenatal exposure to bisphenol A and phthalates and infant neurobehavior.
Differential gene expression and a functional analysis of PCB-exposed children: understanding disease and disorder development.
No association of vitamin D intake or 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels in childhood with risk of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes: the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY).
Development and psychometric evaluation of a dutch questionnaire for the assessment of anorectal and lower urinary tract symptoms.
Daytime triglyceride variability in men and women with different levels of triglyceridemia.
Increasing the vegetable intake dose is associated with a rise in plasma carotenoids without modifying oxidative stress or inflammation in overweight or obese postmenopausal women.
Effect of dietary supplementation with unprocessed and ethanol-extracted apple pomaces on caecal fermentation, antioxidant and blood biomarkers in rats.
Arterial erectile dysfunction: reliability of penile Doppler evaluation integrated with serum concentrations of late endothelial progenitor cells and endothelial microparticles.
Correlations of trace element levels in the diet, blood, urine, and feces in the Chinese male.
A diet high in fatty fish, bilberries and wholegrain products improves markers of endothelial function and inflammation in individuals with impaired glucose metabolism in a randomised controlled trial: the Sysdimet study.
Room-temperature fluorescence spectroscopy of monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on octadecyl extraction membranes.
Modulation of DNA repair capacity by ataxia telangiectasia mutated gene polymorphisms among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-exposed workers.
Effects of developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and/or polybrominated diphenyl ethers on cochlear function.
Association of prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and infant birth weight.
Oxidative stress markers and phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy in a patient with GLUT1 deficiency treated with modified Atkins diet.
Changes in coagulation factor activity and content of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in frozen plasma units during refrigerated storage for up to five days after thawing.
Managing blood glucose during and after exercise in Type 1 diabetes: reproducibility of glucose response and a trial of a structured algorithm adjusting insulin and carbohydrate intake.
Biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake in human intervention studies: a systematic review.
Levels and patterns of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) and their associations with thyroid hormones in hooded seal (Cystophora cristata) mother-pup pairs.
Fructose and non-fructose sugar intakes in the US population and their associations with indicators of metabolic syndrome.
Association between 3 and 6 fatty acid intakes and serum inflammatory markers in COPD.
Trends of the internal phthalate exposure of young adults in Germany--follow-up of a retrospective human biomonitoring study.
Monitoring of PBDEs concentration in umbilical cord blood and breast milk from Korean population and estimating the effects of various parameters on accumulation in humans.
Longitudinal increases in PCDD/F and dl-PCB concentrations in human milk in northern China.
Maternal prenatal urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and child mental, psychomotor, and behavioral development at 3 years of age.
Vitamin C and fibre consumption from fruits and vegetables improves oxidative stress markers in healthy young adults.
Interpersonal and temporal variability of urinary cotinine in elderly subjects.
Exposure to phthalates and phenols during pregnancy and offspring size at birth.
Sugar-sweetened and diet beverages in relation to visceral adipose tissue.
Blood-based biomarkers of selenium and thyroid status indicate possible adverse biological effects of mercury and polychlorinated biphenyls in Southern Beaufort Sea polar bears.
Psychometric evaluation of a new patient-completed questionnaire for evaluating anal incontinence symptoms and impact on quality of life: the ICIQ-B.
Comparison of 24-h volume and creatinine-corrected total urinary polyphenol as a biomarker of total dietary polyphenols in the Invecchiare InCHIANTI study.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in maternal and umbilical cord blood from pregnant Hispanic women living in Brownsville, Texas.
Chronic excessive alcohol consumption diagnosis: comparison between traditional biomarkers and ethyl glucuronide in hair, a study on a real population.
Lower variability of tacrolimus trough concentration after conversion from prograf to advagraf in stable kidney transplant recipients.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons within airborne particulate matter (PM(2.5)) produced DNA bulky stable adducts in a human lung cell coculture model.
Urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as a biomarker of exposure to PAHs in air: a pilot study among pregnant women.
Nutritional biomarkers and foodomic methodologies for qualitative and quantitative analysis of bioactive ingredients in dietary intervention studies.
Intraindividual stability of hair cortisol concentrations.
Vitamin B-12, folate, iron, and vitamin A concentrations in rural Indian children are associated with continued breastfeeding, complementary diet, and maternal nutrition.
Effect of Mediterranean diet on lipid peroxidation marker TBARS in obese patients with OSAHS under CPAP treatment: a randomised trial.
Few favorable associations between fruit and vegetable intake and biomarkers for chronic disease risk in American adults.
Relationship between alcohol consumption and serum lipid levels in elderly Korean men.
Consumption of dietary salt measured by urinary sodium excretion and its association with body weight status in healthy children and adolescents.
Association between dietary patterns and blood lipid profiles in Korean adults with type 2 diabetes.
Serum trace metal and ceruloplasmin variability in individuals treated for pulmonary tuberculosis.
A diet lower in digestible carbohydrate results in lower postprandial glucose concentrations compared with a traditional canine diabetes diet and an adult maintenance diet in healthy dogs.
Effects of alcohol consumption on biomarkers of oxidative damage to DNA and lipids in ethanol-fed pigs.
Non-covalent interaction of dietary polyphenols with total plasma proteins of type II diabetes: molecular structure/property-affinity relationships.
Changes in serum zinc levels associated with giardiasis and dietary zinc intake in mice.
Neurodevelopment of infants with prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Ginger phytochemicals mitigate the obesogenic effects of a high-fat diet in mice: a proteomic and biomarker network analysis.
Development and psychometric evaluation of the Treatment Adherence Questionnaire for Patients with Hypertension.
Circulating levels of bisphenol A (BPA) and phthalates in an elderly population in Sweden, based on the Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS).
Changes in dietary habits and their association with metabolic markers after a non-intensive, community-based lifestyle intervention to prevent type 2 diabetes, in Greece. The DEPLAN study.
Quantitative blood flow measurements in gliomas using arterial spin-labeling at 3T: intermodality agreement and inter- and intraobserver reproducibility study.
Removal of gaseous polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from cooking fumes using an atmospheric plasma reactor.
Quantification of PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs in small amounts of human serum using the sensitive H1L7.5c1 mouse hepatoma cell line: optimization and analysis of human serum samples from adolescents of the Flemish human biomonitoring program FLEHS II.
Fruit consumption is associated with lower carotid intima-media thickness and C-reactive protein levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Magnetic resonance imaging measurement reproducibility for calf muscle and adipose tissue volume.
Dioxin and polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in mother's serum and the timing of pubertal onset in sons.
High levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and hydroxyphenanthrenes in urine of children and adults from Afghanistan.
Exposure and emissions monitoring during carbon nanofiber production--Part II: polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
PCDD, PCDF, and PCB exposure in current and former firefighters from Eastern Siberia.
PAH biomarkers in common eelpout (Zoarces viviparus) from Danish waters.
Levels of phthalate metabolites in urine among mother-child-pairs - results from the Duisburg birth cohort study, Germany.
Associations of whole-blood fatty acids and dietary intakes with prostate cancer in Jamaica.
Prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants and neonatal thyroid-stimulating hormone levels in the CHAMACOS study.
Exposure to indoor air pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, toluene, benzene) in Mexican indigenous women.
A review of dietary polyphenol-plasma protein interactions: characterization, influence on the bioactivity, and structure-affinity relationship.
Reliability of Cr-EDTA plasma and urinary clearance as a measure of residual renal function in dialysis patients.
Predicted risk of childhood allergy, asthma, and reported symptoms using measured phthalate exposure in dust and urine.
Tacrolimus dose and blood concentration variability in kidney transplant recipients undergoing conversion from twice daily to once daily modified release tacrolimus.
Birth weight and prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE): a meta-analysis within 12 European Birth Cohorts.
Identification of di-isononyl phthalate metabolites for exposure marker discovery using in vitro/in vivo metabolism and signal mining strategy with LC-MS data.
Evaluation of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) adduct levels and DNA strand breaks in human peripheral blood lymphocytes exposed in vitro to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with or without animal metabolic activation.
A systematic review and meta-regression analysis of the vitamin D intake-serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D relationship to inform European recommendations.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma of older Canadians.
The relationship between plasma alpha-tocopherol concentration and vitamin E intake in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Hazard ratio estimation for biomarker-calibrated dietary exposures.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and breast milk collected from pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Assessment of interindividual variability of plasma concentrations after administrazion of high doses of intravenous amoxicillin or cloxacillin in critically ill patients.
Identification of intra- and inter-individual metabolite variation in plasma metabolite profiles of cats and dogs.
Spiritual activation in very elderly individuals assessed as heart rate variability and plasma IL/10/IL-6 ratios.
Effects of blackcurrant-based juice on atherosclerosis-related biomarkers in cultured macrophages and in human subjects after consumption of a high-energy meal.
Combining US and Brazilian microsatellite data for a meta-analysis of sheep (Ovis aries) breed diversity: facilitating the FAO Global Plan of Action for Conserving Animal Genetic Resources.
Validation of protein and potassium intakes assessed from 24 h recalls against levels estimated from 24 h urine samples in children and adolescents of Turkish descent living in Germany: results from the EVET! Study.
Prenatal concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, DDE, and DDT and overweight in children: a prospective birth cohort study.
Prenatal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate induces anorectal malformations in male rat offspring.
CpG site-specific hypermethylation of p16INK4 in peripheral blood lymphocytes of PAH-exposed workers.
Time-efficient black blood RCA wall imaging at 3T using improved motion sensitized driven equilibrium (iMSDE): feasibility and reproducibility.
Development and analytic validation of an immunoassay for the quantification of canine S100A12 in serum and fecal samples and its biological variability in serum from healthy dogs.
Cheese intake in large amounts lowers LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content.
Fish consumption, low-level mercury, lipids, and inflammatory markers in children.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon residues in human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood in Beijing, China.
Simulation of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in various scenarios of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with a generic, cross-chemical predictive PBTK-model.
Moderate effects of apple juice consumption on obesity-related markers in obese men: impact of diet-gene interaction on body fat content.
Plasma ochratoxin A levels, food consumption, and risk biomarkers of a representative sample of men and women from the Molise region in Italy.
Ecological-level associations between highly processed food intakes and plasma phospholipid elaidic acid concentrations: results from a cross-sectional study within the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition (EPIC).
Fibre intake in relation to serum total cholesterol levels and CHD risk: a comparison of dietary assessment methods.
The kinetics of cell surface receptor expression in children perinatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
New evidence for toxicity of polybrominated diphenyl ethers: DNA adduct formation from quinone metabolites.
Assessment of exposure to PCB 153 from breast feeding and normal food intake in individual children using a system approach model.
COPD association and repeatability of blood biomarkers in the ECLIPSE cohort.
Pharmacokinetics, metabolism and excretion of 14C-monoethyl phthalate (MEP) and 14C-diethyl phthalate (DEP) after single oral and IV administration in the juvenile dog.
Relationships between dietary fatty acid composition and either melting point or fatty acid profile of adipose tissue in broilers.
Mathematical relationships between the intake of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and their contents in adipose tissue of growing pigs.
Colour of bovine subcutaneous adipose tissue: A review of contributory factors, associations with carcass and meat quality and its potential utility in authentication of dietary history.
Effects of dietary fish oil on the depletion of carcinogenic PAH-DNA adduct levels in the liver of B6C3F1 mouse.
Fatty acids in serum and diet--a canonical correlation analysis among toddlers.
Effects of dietary strawberry powder on blood lipids and inflammatory markers in obese human subjects.
A comparison of levels of select minerals in scalp hair samples with estimated dietary intakes of these minerals in women of reproductive age.
A pilot study on the effect of short-term consumption of a polyphenol rich drink on biomarkers of coronary artery disease defined by urinary proteomics.
Low levels of vitamin D in professional basketball players after wintertime: relationship with dietary intake of vitamin D and calcium.
Hematologic and immunological indicators are altered by chronic intake of flaxseed in Wistar rats.
Short-term walnut consumption increases circulating total adiponectin and apolipoprotein A concentrations, but does not affect markers of inflammation or vascular injury in obese humans with the metabolic syndrome: data from a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled study.
Evaluation of various cytokines elicited during antigen-specific recall as potential risk indicators for the differential development of leprosy.
Concentrations of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum and adipose tissue from Bolivia.
Validation of the Chinese version of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire short form (PISQ-12).
Effects of high-fat diet on plasma lipids, adiposity, and inflammatory markers in ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice.
Impact of barbecued meat consumed in pregnancy on birth outcomes accounting for personal prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: Birth cohort study in Poland.
Exploration of oxidative stress and inflammatory markers in relation to urinary phthalate metabolites: NHANES 1999-2006.
Cord blood levels of thyroid hormones and IGF-1 weakly correlate with breast milk levels of PBDEs in Taiwan.
Association between 24 hour urinary -tocopherol catabolite, 2,5,7,8-tetramethyl-2(2'-carboxyethyl)-6-hydroxychroman (-CEHC) and -tocopherol intake in intervention and cross-sectional studies.
Bone health in children with celiac disease assessed by dual x-ray absorptiometry: effect of gluten-free diet and predictive value of serum biochemical indices.
A short food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of seafood and n-3 supplements: validation with biomarkers.
Levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in the critically endangered Iberian lynx and other sympatric carnivores in Spain.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in vacuum dust and blood of residents in 20 Wisconsin households.
The influence of diet on intra and inter-individual variability of urinary excretion of arsenic species in Italian healthy individuals.
High polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in California house cats: house dust a primary source?
Change of diet, plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and fatty acids during Ramadan: a controversial association of the considered Ramadan model with atherosclerosis risk.
Bile acid metabolites in serum: intraindividual variation and associations with coronary heart disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between plasma fibrinogen and fiber intake in the EPIC-Norfolk cohort.
Association between pregnancy loss and urinary phthalate levels around the time of conception.
Regular consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (Doogh) improved endothelial biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized double-blind clinical trial.
Soluble urokinase plasminogen activator receptor in plasma is associated with incidence of CVD. Results from the Malm Diet and Cancer Study.
Effects of freeze-dried cranberry powder on serum lipids and inflammatory markers in lipopolysaccharide treated rats fed an atherogenic diet.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) in blood from children (age 9-12) in Taizhou, China.
Monitoring of ovarian activity by measurement of urinary excretion rates of estrone glucuronide and pregnanediol glucuronide using the Ovarian Monitor, Part II: reliability of home testing.
Profiling of gender-specific rat plasma proteins associated with susceptibility or resistance to diet-induced obesity.
Individual variation and repeatability in urinary corticosterone metabolite responses to capture in the cane toad (Rhinella marina).
Dietary fat, abdominal obesity and smoking modulate the relationship between plasma complement component 3 concentrations and metabolic syndrome risk.
Influence of immunization with non-genotoxic PAH-KLH conjugates on the resistance of organisms exposed to benzo(a)pyrene.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in human serum from Southeast China.
Response inhibition and error monitoring during a visual go/no-go task in inuit children exposed to lead, polychlorinated biphenyls, and methylmercury.
Biomarkers demonstrate increased consumption, but not abuse, of ethanol in essential tremor.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites as markers for blood transfusion in doping control: intra-individual variability of urinary concentrations.
Associations between congenital cryptorchidism in newborn boys and levels of dioxins and PCBs in placenta.
Phosphatidylethanol (PEth) as a biomarker of alcohol consumption in HIV-positive patients in sub-Saharan Africa.
Short-term consumption of sucralose, a nonnutritive sweetener, is similar to water with regard to select markers of hunger signaling and short-term glucose homeostasis in women.
Simultaneous determination of nicotine and PAH metabolites in human hair specimen: a potential methodology to assess tobacco smoke contribution in PAH exposure.
Environmental and urinary markers of prenatal exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products, fetal growth, and duration of gestation in the PELAGIE birth cohort (Brittany, France, 2002-2006).
Reliability of urodynamic interpretation in women presenting with urinary incontinence at a tertiary hospital.
Repeatability of post-void residual urine  100 ml in urogynaecologic patients.
Validity of retrospective diet history: assessing recall of midlife diet using food frequency questionnaire in later life.
Temporal variability in urinary concentrations of perchlorate, nitrate, thiocyanate and iodide among children.
Effects of rose hip intake on risk markers of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease: a randomized, double-blind, cross-over investigation in obese persons.
Plasma alkylresorcinols as a biomarker of whole-grain food consumption in a large population: results from the WHOLEheart Intervention Study.
Genomic analysis, cytokine expression, and microRNA profiling reveal biomarkers of human dietary zinc depletion and homeostasis.
RASSF1A hypermethylation is associated with aflatoxin B1 and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in hepatocellular carcinoma.
T cell responses and viral variability in blood donation candidates with occult hepatitis B infection.
Impact of aqueous doash extract on urinary mutagenicity in rats exposed to heterocyclic amines.
Genetic variability in 8q24 confers susceptibility to urothelial carcinoma of the upper urinary tract and is linked with patterns of disease aggressiveness at diagnosis.
Relation between dietary cadmium intake and biomarkers of cadmium exposure in premenopausal women accounting for body iron stores.
Whole blood flow cytometry measurements of in vivo platelet activation in critically-Ill patients are influenced by variability in blood sampling techniques.
Different effects by sex on hypothalamic-pituitary axis of prepubertal offspring rats produced by in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP).
Interlaboratory agreement and handling variability for consistency of results in paired serum bile acid assays.
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners that increase the glucuronidation and biliary excretion of thyroxine are distinct from the congeners that enhance the serum disappearance of thyroxine.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE and sperm sex-chromosome disomy.
Greater fructose consumption is associated with cardiometabolic risk markers and visceral adiposity in adolescents.
Legume consumption is inversely associated with serum concentrations of adhesion molecules and inflammatory biomarkers among Iranian women.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in blood of children in Baden-Wrttemberg between 2002/03 and 2008/09.
Association between plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D and colorectal adenoma according to dietary calcium intake and vitamin D receptor polymorphism.
Urinary phthalate monoesters concentration in couples with infertility problems.
Effects of dietary administration of Echinacea purpurea on growth indices and biochemical and hematological indices in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) fingerlings.
Environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and DNA damage in Mexican children.
Effects of increases in dietary fat intake on plasma lipid and lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations and associated enzyme activities in cats.
Dietary patterns and ethnicity are associated with distinct plasma proteomic groups.
Binding of phthalate plasticizers to human serum albumin in vitro: a multispectroscopic approach and molecular modeling.
Trans fatty acids consumption in type 1 diabetic patients: evaluation by dietary records and measurement in serum phospholipids.
Validation of the ICRP model for caesium intake by lactating mothers with Italian data after the Chernobyl fallout.
Dietary glycemic index/load and peripheral adipokines and inflammatory markers in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
Associations of socioeconomic status and processed food intake with serum phosphorus concentration in community-living adults: the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Dietary inclusion of salmon, herring and pompano as oily fish reduces CVD risk markers in dyslipidaemic middle-aged and elderly Chinese women.
Associations between phthalate metabolite urinary concentrations and body size measures in New York City children.
The reliability of glomerular filtration rate measured from plasma clearance: a multi-centre study of 1,878 healthy potential renal transplant donors.
Long-term dietary potential renal acid load during adolescence is prospectively associated with indices of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in young women.
Decreased birth weight in relation to maternal urinary trichloroacetic acid levels.
Blood glucose amplitude variability as predictor for mortality in surgical and medical intensive care unit patients: a multicenter cohort study.
Picogram per liter level determination of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in water by liquid chromatography-electrospray tandem mass spectrometry.
Associations of serum aflatoxin B1-lysine adduct level with socio-demographic factors and aflatoxins intake from nuts and related nut products in Malaysia.
Strength of the relationships between three self-reported dietary intake instruments and serum carotenoids: the Observing Energy and Protein Nutrition (OPEN) Study.
The urinary excretory ratio of nicotinamide catabolites was associated with the conversion ratio of tryptophan to nicotinamide in growing rats fed a niacin-free 20% casein diet.
Comparisons of polybrominated diphenyl ethers levels in paired South Korean cord blood, maternal blood, and breast milk samples.
Concentrations and speciation of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human amniotic fluid.
Antioxidant biomarkers and food intake in elderly women.
Do phthalates affect steroidogenesis by the human fetal testis? Exposure of human fetal testis xenografts to di-n-butyl phthalate.
Antiandrogenic activity of phthalate mixtures: validity of concentration addition.
Estimation of intersubject variability of cerebral blood flow measurements using MRI and positron emission tomography.
Fast and simultaneous determination of urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and ten monohydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
A comprehensive review of intake estimates of di-isononyl phthalate (DINP) based on indirect exposure models and urinary biomonitoring data.
Reproducibility of retinal blood flow measurements derived from semi-automated Doppler OCT analysis.
Identification of potential biomarkers of exposure to di(isononyl)cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylate (DINCH), an alternative for phthalate plasticizers.
A "crossomics" study analysing variability of different components in peripheral blood of healthy caucasoid individuals.
Higher urinary sodium, a proxy for intake, is associated with increased calcium excretion and lower hip bone density in healthy young women with lower calcium intakes.
Prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts, and genomic DNA methylation in cord blood.
A longitudinal study of the association between dietary factors, serum lipids, and bone marrow lesions of the knee.
The relationship between the level of serum creatinine, modified diet and renal disease formula, Cockcroft-Gault formula, and renal tubulointerstitial lesion.
Total dietary fat and fatty acid content modifies plasma phospholipid fatty acids, desaturase activity indices, and urinary prostaglandin E in women.
Variability of urinary phthalate metabolite and bisphenol A concentrations before and during pregnancy.
PCBs and OH-PCBs in polar bear mother-cub pairs: a comparative study based on plasma levels in 1998 and 2008.
Regulation of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) in PCB 126-exposed male Sprague Dawley rats.
A high calcium diet containing nonfat dry milk reduces weight gain and associated adipose tissue inflammation in diet-induced obese mice when compared to high calcium alone.
Impact of hepatitis B virus (HBV) preS/S genomic variability on HBV surface antigen and HBV DNA serum levels.
The role of androgen-induced growth factor (FGF8) on genital tubercle development in a hypospadiac male rat model of prenatal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate.
Pre- and postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and longitudinal measures of thymus volume in infants.
Clinically significant variability of serum IgE concentrations in patients with severe asthma.
A mixture of an environmentally realistic concentration of a phthalate and herbicide reduces testosterone in male fathead minnow (Pimephales promelas) through a novel mechanism of action.
Oral administration of potassium bromate, a major water disinfection by-product, induces oxidative stress and impairs the antioxidant power of rat blood.
Levels and congener profiles of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in primipara breast milk from Shenzhen and exposure risk for breast-fed infants.
Comparison of trihalomethanes in tap water and blood: a case study in the United States.
Assessment of DDT, DDE, and 1-hydroxypyrene levels in blood and urine samples in children from Chiapas Mexico.
Application of dietary phenolic biomarkers in epidemiology: past, present, and future.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human serum by gas chromatography with micro-electron capture detector.
Urinary and blood cadmium levels in relation to types of food and water intake and smoking status in a Thai population residing in cadmium-contaminated areas in Mae Sot.
Intra- and interlaboratory reproducibility of ultra performance liquid chromatography-time-of-flight mass spectrometry for urinary metabolic profiling.
Changes in ghrelin concentrations one year after resective and non-resective gastric bypass: associations with weight loss and energy and macronutrient intakes.
Effect of chronic cervical ganglionectomy on the spontaneous variability of internal carotid blood flow in the conscious rat.
Decabromobiphenyl, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and brominated phenolic compounds in serum of cats diagnosed with the endocrine disease feline hyperthyroidism.
Usage and attitudes of physicians in Japan concerning traditional Japanese medicine (kampo medicine): a descriptive evaluation of a representative questionnaire-based survey.
Cumulative risk assessment of phthalate exposure of Danish children and adolescents using the hazard index approach.
Psychometric validation of a knowledge questionnaire on micronutrients among adolescents and its relationship to micronutrient status of 15-19-year-old adolescent boys, Hyderabad, India.
Association of serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls with IL-8 mRNA expression in blood samples from asthmatic and non-asthmatic Japanese children.
Assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in serum from the Korean general population.
Maternal occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: effects on gastroschisis among offspring in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure and diabetes: results from the Anniston Community Health Survey.
Comparison of ethyl glucuronide in hair with self-reported alcohol consumption.
Platelet-rich plasma differs according to preparation method and human variability.
Alcohol consumption shows a J-shaped association with lower urinary tract symptoms in the general screening population.
Red blood cell folate concentrations and polyglutamate distribution in juvenile arthritis:  predictors of folate variability.
Developmental coexposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers has additive effects on circulating thyroxine levels in rats.
Sources of dietary protein in relation to blood pressure in a general Dutch population.
Diethyl phthalate enhances apoptosis induced by serum deprivation in PC12 cells.
Nutritional biomarkers for objective dietary assessment.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and their biotransformation products: predictors and temporal variability among men and women.
Consumption of vitamin D-and calcium-fortified soft white cheese lowers the biochemical marker of bone resorption TRAP 5b in postmenopausal women at moderate risk of osteoporosis fracture.
Reliability of Doppler and stethoscope methods of determining systolic blood pressures: considerations for calculating an ankle-brachial index.
Magnetic solid-phase extraction based on diphenyl functionalization of Fe3O4 magnetic nanoparticles for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples.
Blood levels of dioxins, furans, dioxin-like PCBs, and TEQs in general populations: a review, 1989-2010.
Higher serum concentrations of dietary antioxidants are associated with lower levels of inflammatory biomarkers during the year after hip fracture.
Relationship between status of plasma atrial natriuretic peptide and heart rate variability in human subjects.
Plasma levels of PCSK9 and phenotypic variability in familial hypercholesterolemia.
Plasma arginine vasopressin level in hypothyroid women in relation to dietary sodium supply.
Temporal precision and reliability in the velocity regime of a hair-cell sensory system: the mechanosensory lateral line of goldfish, Carassius auratus.
A comparative validation of a child food frequency questionnaire using red blood cell membrane fatty acids.
Modulation of the association between plasma intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and cancer risk by n-3 PUFA intake: a nested case-control study.
Effect of serum electrolyte and bicarbonate concentration changes during hemodialysis sessions on heart rate variability.
Daily variability in mineral metabolites in CKD and effects of dietary calcium and calcitriol.
Reproducibility, accuracy and concordance of Accutrend Plus for measuring circulating lipid concentration in adults.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE)--intra- and inter-individual variability in chronic hemodialysis patients.
Reproducibility of electrical sensory testing in lower urinary tract at weekly intervals in healthy volunteers and women with non-neurogenic detrusor overactivity.
Effects of prenatal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and environmental tobacco smoke on child IQ in a Chinese cohort.
Dietary tocopherols inhibit cell proliferation, regulate expression of ER, PPAR, and Nrf2, and decrease serum inflammatory markers during the development of mammary hyperplasia.
Alteration of some inflammatory biomarkers by dietary oxysterols in rats.
Single slice vs. volumetric MR assessment of visceral adipose tissue: reliability and validity among the overweight and obese.
Associations of intakes of fat, dietary fiber, soy isoflavones, and alcohol with levels of sex hormones and prolactin in premenopausal Japanese women.
Characterization of melamine-associated urinary stones in children with consumption of melamine-contaminated infant formula.
Measurements of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in a single drop of blood.
Associations of dietary phosphorus intake, urinary phosphate excretion, and fibroblast growth factor 23 with vascular stiffness in chronic kidney disease.
Carbon and nitrogen isotopic ratios of urine and faeces as novel nutritional biomarkers of meat and fish intake.
Low fatness, reduced fat intake and adequate plasmatic concentrations of LDL-cholesterol are associated with high bone mineral density in women: a cross-sectional study with control group.
Effects of maternal glucose tolerance, pregnancy diet quality and neonatal insulinemia upon insulin resistance/sensitivity biomarkers in normoweight neonates.
Sweetened beverage consumption, incident coronary heart disease, and biomarkers of risk in men.
Association of natural intake of dietary plant sterols with carotid intima-media thickness and blood lipids in Chinese adults: a cross-section study.
Sex-specific relationships between alcohol consumption and vitamin D levels: The Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2009.
Assessing validity of a short food frequency questionnaire on present dietary intake of elderly Icelanders.
Assessment of the levels of persistent organic pollutants and 1-hydroxypyrene in blood and urine samples from Mexican children living in an endemic malaria area in Mexico.
Dietary tryptophan changes serum stress markers, enzyme activity, and ions concentration of wild common carp Cyprinus carpio exposed to ambient copper.
Maternal choline intake modulates maternal and fetal biomarkers of choline metabolism in humans.
Validity and reproducibility of folate and vitamin B(12) intakes estimated from a self-administered diet history questionnaire in Japanese pregnant women.
Beneficial effects of rosuvastatin on insulin resistance, adiposity, inflammatory markers and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Associations between circulating levels of bisphenol A and phthalate metabolites and coronary risk in the elderly.
Glutathione transferase polymorphisms and risk of endometriosis associated with polychlorinated biphenyls exposure in Italian women: a gene-environment interaction.
Prolonged elevation of cytokine levels after human acute ischaemic stroke with evidence of individual variability.
Variability in blood-based amyloid-beta assays: the need for consensus on pre-analytical processing.
Consumption of red meat and whole-grain bread in relation to biomarkers of obesity, inflammation, glucose metabolism and oxidative stress.
Comparison of dietary supplementation with lutein diacetate and lutein: a pilot study of the effects on serum and macular pigment.
Exposure and kinetics of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in cigarette smokers.
High urinary phthalate concentration associated with delayed pubarche in girls.
Accumulation of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and evaluation of hematological and immunological effects of PCB exposure on turtles.
Skin carotenoid status measured by resonance Raman spectroscopy as a biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake in preschool children.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (1-OHPG and 2-naphthol) and oxidative stress (malondialdehyde) biomarkers in urine among Korean adults and children.
Alkylresorcinol metabolite concentrations in spot urine samples correlated with whole grain and cereal fiber intake but showed low to modest reproducibility over one to three years in U.S. women.
Age group and sex do not influence responses of vitamin K biomarkers to changes in dietary vitamin K.
Interindividual variation in serum cholesterol is associated with regional white matter tissue integrity in older adults.
Reproducibility of 2D and 3D fractal analysis techniques for the assessment of spatial heterogeneity of regional blood flow in rectal cancer.
Different manufacturers of syringes: a new source of variability in blood gas, acid-base balance and related laboratory test?
Dietary supplementation with ovine serum immunoglobulin is associated with an increased gut luminal mucin concentration in the growing rat.
Prenatal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and child behavior at age 6-7 years.
Improvement of vitamin D status via daily intake of fortified yogurt drink either with or without extra calcium ameliorates systemic inflammatory biomarkers, including adipokines, in the subjects with type 2 diabetes.
Vitamin A intake and infection are associated with plasma retinol among pre-school children in rural Zambia.
Sample preparation method to minimize chemical shift variability for NMR-based urinary metabonomics of genetically hypertensive rats.
Virgin olive oil and nuts as key foods of the Mediterranean diet effects on inflammatory biomakers related to atherosclerosis.
Intake levels of dietary long-chain PUFAs modify the association between genetic variation in FADS and LDL-C.
Evaluation of flavonoids and enterolactone in overnight urine as intake biomarkers of fruits, vegetables and beverages in the Inter99 cohort study using the method of triads.
Personal exposure to PM(2.5) and urinary hydroxy-PAH levels in bus drivers exposed to traffic exhaust, in Trujillo, Peru.
A one-year school-based diet/exercise intervention improves non-traditional disease biomarkers in Mexican-American children.
Blood immunometabolic indices and polymorphonuclear neutrophil function in peripartum dairy cows are altered by level of dietary energy prepartum.
Variability of carbamazepine and valproate concentrations in elderly nursing home residents.
Investigation of the applicability of highly ordered TiO nanotube array for enrichment and determination of polychlorinated biphenyls at trace level in environmental water samples.
Blood lead level modifies the association between dietary antioxidants and oxidative stress in an urban adult population.
Out-of-hand nut consumption is associated with improved nutrient intake and health risk markers in US children and adults: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004.
Neighborhood socioeconomic status modifies the association between individual smoking status and PAH-DNA adduct levels in prostate tissue.
Blood pressure of omnivorous and semi-vegetarian postmenopausal women and their relationship with dietary and hair concentrations of essential and toxic metals.
Socioeconomic factors and phthalate metabolite concentrations among United States women of reproductive age.
Serum concentrations of phthalate metabolites are related to abdominal fat distribution two years later in elderly women.
Impact of the quantity and flavonoid content of fruits and vegetables on markers of intake in adults with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease: the FLAVURS trial.
Effects of chronic calorie restriction or dietary resveratrol supplementation on insulin sensitivity markers in a primate, Microcebus murinus.
Validation, cultural adaptation and responsiveness of two pelvic-floor-specific quality-of-life questionnaires, PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7, in a Turkish population.
Plant protein intake is associated with fibroblast growth factor 23 and serum bicarbonate levels in patients with chronic kidney disease: the Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort study.
Identification of a potential biomarker panel for the intake of the common dietary trans fat elaidic acid (trans9-C18:1).
Di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate migration from irradiated poly(vinyl chloride) blood bags for graft-vs-host disease prevention.
Assessing vitamin status in large population surveys by measuring biomarkers and dietary intake - two case studies: folate and vitamin D.
The use of underloaded C(18) solid-phase extraction plates increases reproducibility of analysis of tryptic peptides from unfractionated human plasma.
Effects of red orange juice intake on endothelial function and inflammatory markers in adult subjects with increased cardiovascular risk.
Effect of a tomato-rich diet on markers of cardiovascular disease risk in moderately overweight, disease-free, middle-aged adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Circulating levels of phthalate metabolites are associated with prevalent diabetes in the elderly.
Progranulin gene variability and plasma levels in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
Relationship between dietary patterns and serum uric acid concentrations among ethnic Chinese adults in Taiwan.
Association and interaction between dietary pattern and VEGF receptor-2 (VEGFR2) gene polymorphisms on blood lipids in Chinese Malaysian and Japanese adults.
The validation of international consultation on incontinence questionnaires in the Greek language.
The variability of reported salt levels in fast foods across six countries: opportunities for salt reduction.
Variability of plasma and urine betaine in diabetes mellitus and its relationship to methionine load test responses: an observational study.
Variability of antibiotic concentrations in critically ill patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy: a multicentre pharmacokinetic study.
Evaluating the relationship between carisoprodol concentrations and meprobamate formation and inter-subject and intra-subject variability in urinary excretion data of pain patients.
Accuracy investigation of phthalate metabolite standards.
Relationship between sodium intake and blood pressure according to metabolic syndrome status in the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Proteomic analysis of microvesicles from plasma of healthy donors reveals high individual variability.
Prediction of concentration-time profile and its inter-individual variability following the dermal drug absorption.
Stress urinary incontinence and quality of life: a reliability study of a condition-specific instrument in paper and web-based versions.
Using a physiologically based pharmacokinetic model to link urinary biomarker concentrations to dietary exposure of perchlorate.
Correlations between blood and tissue omega-3 LCPUFA status following dietary ALA intervention in rats.
Intraindividual variation in plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D measures 5 years apart among postmenopausal women.
Linguistic validation of translation of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire from English.
The relationship between the fish consumption and blood total/methyl-mercury concentration of costal area in Korea.
Quality of life after laparoscopy-assisted pylorus-preserving gastrectomy: an evaluation using a questionnaire mailed to the patients.
Reproducibility of a cough and jump stress test for the evaluation of urinary incontinence.
Correlation of blood pressure, obesity, and adherence to the Mediterranean diet with indices of arterial stiffness in children.
Variability in blood and blood component utilization as assessed by an anesthesia information management system.
White blood cell global methylation and IL-6 promoter methylation in association with diet and lifestyle risk factors in a cancer-free population.
The Mediterranean diet pattern and its main components are associated with lower plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor receptor 60 in patients at high risk for cardiovascular disease.
Fish to meat intake ratio and cooking oils are associated with hepatitis C virus carriers with persistently normal alanine aminotransferase levels.
Correcting for the influence of sampling conditions on biomarkers of exposure to phenols and phthalates: a 2-step standardization method based on regression residuals.
Health biomarkers in a rat model after intake of organically grown carrots.
Occupational exposure to aromatic hydrocarbons and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a coke plant.
Contributions of aryl hydrocarbon receptor genetic variants to the risk of glioma and PAH-DNA adducts.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in umbilical cord blood of human neonates from Guiyu, China.
Very high correlations between fresh weight and lipid-adjusted PCB-153 serum concentrations: irrespective of fasting status, age, body mass index, gender, or exposure distributions.
Effects of a caloric restriction weight loss diet and exercise on inflammatory biomarkers in overweight/obese postmenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial.
Reproducibility of the nicotine metabolite ratio in cigarette smokers.
The longitudinal variability of serum 25(OH)D levels.
Maternal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and 5'-CpG methylation of interferon- in cord white blood cells.
The relationship between alcohol consumption and fatal motor vehicle injury: high risk at low alcohol levels.
Reliability of serum biomarkers of inflammation from repeated measures in healthy individuals.
Serum concentrations of p, p'-DDE, HCB, PCBs and reproductive hormones among men of reproductive age.
The effect of prenatal and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child neurodevelopment at age twenty four months.
Serum and follicular fluid concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and in-vitro fertilization outcome.
Trihalomethanes in chlorine and bromine disinfected swimming pools: air-water distributions and human exposure.
Synthesis and tentative identification of novel polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in human blood.
Candidate measures of whole plant food intake are related to biomarkers of nutrition and health in the US population (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002).
Detection of alcohol consumption in patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis during the evaluation process for liver transplantation.
Assessment of impact of internal exposure to PBDEs on human thyroid function--comparison between congenital hypothyroidism and normal paired blood.
Factors influencing combined exposure to three indicator polychlorinated biphenyls in an adult cohort from Bolivia.
Association of mate tea (Ilex paraguariensis) intake and dietary intervention and effects on oxidative stress biomarkers of dyslipidemic subjects.
Biochemical study of retired pentachlorophenol workers with and without following dietary exposure to PCDD/Fs.
The determination of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by the analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine using a simple automated online column switching device and high-performance liquid chromatography.
Biomarker and dietary validation of a Canadian food frequency questionnaire to measure eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid intakes from whole food, functional food, and nutraceutical sources.
Higher levels of serum triglyceride and dietary carbohydrate intake are associated with smaller LDL particle size in healthy Korean women.
Fractional exhaled nitric oxide in healthy non-asthmatic 7-year olds and prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: nested regression analysis.
Day-to-day variability in spot urine protein-creatinine ratio measurements.
Dietary methods and biomarkers of omega 3 fatty acids: a systematic review.
Adolescent fiber consumption is associated with visceral fat and inflammatory markers.
A novel extraction method combining plasma with a whole-blood fraction shows excellent sensitivity and reproducibility for patients at high risk for invasive aspergillosis.
Nutrimetabolomic strategies to develop new biomarkers of intake and health effects.
Exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in premature neonates in a neonatal intensive care unit in Taiwan.
Positive effect of a simplified diet on blood phenylalanine control in different phenylketonuria variants, characterized by newborn BH4 loading test and PAH analysis.
Plasma polymer films as an alternative to (PSS-PAH)n or (PSS-PDADMAC)n films to retain active enzymes in exponentially growing polyelectrolyte multilayers.
Development and validation of a direct sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay for measuring DNA adducts of benzo[a]pyrene and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary phthalate excretion in 555 healthy Danish boys with and without pubertal gynaecomastia.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in pregnant and lactating women: a systematic review with dose-response meta-analyses.
Copeptin, a marker of vasopressin, in abdominal obesity, diabetes and microalbuminuria: the prospective Malm Diet and Cancer Study cardiovascular cohort.
Simultaneous enantioselective separation of polychlorinated biphenyls and their methyl sulfone metabolites by heart-cut MDGC: determination of enantiomeric fractions in fish oils and cow liver samples.
Evaluation of food and nutrient intake assessment using concentration biomarkers in European adolescents from the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence study.
Plasma total antioxidant capacity is associated with dietary intake and plasma level of antioxidants in postmenopausal women.
Reproducibility of cerebral blood flow assessment using a quantitative SPECT reconstruction program and split-dose 123I-iodoamphetamine in institutions with different -cameras and collimators.
The PBDE-209 exposure during pregnancy and lactation impairs immune function in rats.
Evaluation of factors that affect analytic variability of urine protein-to-creatinine ratio determination in dogs.
Plasma inflammatory and vascular homeostasis biomarkers increase during human pregnancy but are not affected by oily fish intake.
Hippuric acid in 24-hour urine collections is a potential biomarker for fruit and vegetable consumption in healthy children and adolescents.
Bitter melon seed oil-attenuated body fat accumulation in diet-induced obese mice is associated with cAMP-dependent protein kinase activation and cell death in white adipose tissue.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and serum inflammatory markers of cardiovascular disease.
Reliability and validity of the continence self-efficacy scale in Turkish women with urinary incontinence.
Analysis of serum and plasma identifies differences in molecular coverage, measurement variability, and candidate biomarker selection.
Expressing urine from a gel disposable diaper for biomonitoring using phthalates as an example.
Doppler velocimetry of the ophthalmic artery: reproducibility of blood flow velocity measurements.
Variability of gemcitabine accumulation and its relationship to expression of nucleoside transporters in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Inverse relationship between fat intake and blood lead levels in the Korean adult population in the KNHANES 2007-2009.
Polymorphisms in the serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase 1 gene are associated with blood pressure and renin response to dietary salt intake.
Effect of dietary inclusion of salt substitutes "Obu-Otoyo" on some biochemical indices in rat.
Diet quality and social support: factors associated with serum carotenoid concentrations among older disabled women (the Women's Health and Aging Study).
Validation of a semi-quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire for Argentinean adults.
Excretion profiles and half-lives of ten urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites after dietary exposure.
Assessment of consumption of marine food in Greenland by a food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers.
Detection of bacterial growth in blood components using oxygen consumption as a surrogate marker in a tertiary oncology setup.
Factors associated with serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels among school-age children in the CHAMACOS cohort.
Population variability of phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A concentrations in spot urine samples versus 24- or 48-h collections.
Polymorphisms in LEP and NPY genes modify the response to soluble fibre Plantago ovata husk intake on cardiovascular risk biomarkers.
Prediction of postprandial blood glucose under uncertainty and intra-patient variability in type 1 diabetes: a comparative study of three interval models.
Maternal exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate alters kidney development through the renin-angiotensin system in offspring.
Serum apolipoproteins in relation to intakes of fish in population of Arkhangelsk County.
Development and validation of sunlight exposure measurement questionnaire (SEM-Q) for use in adult population residing in Pakistan.
Debrominated, hydroxylated and methoxylated metabolism in maize (Zea mays L.) exposed to lesser polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs).
The validity and reliability of the Turkish version of short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire in patients with leukemia.
Plasma polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) levels of workers in a transformer recycling company, their family members, and employees of surrounding companies.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) in blood samples of occupationally exposed workers from a transformer recycling plant in Dortmund, Germany-initial findings.
Validation of the Swedish version of the incontinence impact questionnaire and the urogenital distress inventory.
Glycated albumin to glycated hemoglobin ratio is a sensitive indicator of blood glucose variability in patients with fulminant type 1 diabetes.
Biological variability of plasma intact and C-terminal FGF23 measurements.
Low fish intake is associated with low blood concentrations of vitamin D, choline and n-3 DHA in pregnant women.
Uniformity and repeatability of normal resting myocardial blood flow in rats using [13N]-ammonia and small animal PET.
Association between erythrocyte concentrations of magnesium and zinc in high-performance handball players after dietary magnesium supplementation.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by HPLC with electrochemical detection at a boron-doped diamond film electrode.
Relation between dietary fat intake type and serum fatty acid status in children with cystic fibrosis.
The association of dietary intake of purine-rich vegetables, sugar-sweetened beverages and dairy with plasma urate, in a cross-sectional study.
The effect of pre-analytical variability on the measurement of MRM-MS-based mid- to high-abundance plasma protein biomarkers and a panel of cytokines.
Occurrence and profiles of phthalates in foodstuffs from China and their implications for human exposure.
Are physical activity, smoking and alcohol consumption associated with lower urinary tract symptoms in men or women? Results from a population based observational study.
PCDD/PCDF, dl-PCB and PBDE serum levels of Slovak general population.
Thyroid endocrine dysregulation and erythrocyte DNA damage associated with PBDE exposure in juvenile crucian carp collected from an e-waste dismantling site in Zhejiang Province, China.
Association between sodium intake and change in uric acid, urine albumin excretion, and the risk of developing hypertension.
A short-term diet and exercise intervention ameliorates inflammation and markers of metabolic health in overweight/obese children.
Reliability of fasting plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites concentrations measured 4 months apart.
Association of VO2 and VCO2 rate variability with serum glucose, insulin, and glucose intolerance.
Relationship between whole-grain intake, chronic disease risk indicators, and weight status among adolescents in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1999-2004.
Predictors and variability of urinary paraben concentrations in men and women, including before and during pregnancy.
Clinical evaluation of the computerized chronic urticaria-specific quality of life questionnaire in Korean patients with chronic urticaria.
Prenatal exposure to butylbenzyl phthalate and early eczema in an urban cohort.
Relationship between prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and birth weight: a systematic analysis of published epidemiological studies through a standardization of biomonitoring data.
Dietary and animal-related factors associated with the rate of urinary oxalate and calcium excretion in dogs and cats.
Menhaden oil decreases high-fat diet-induced markers of hepatic damage, steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis in obese Ldlr-/- mice.
Quality of life in patients with overactive bladder: validation and psychometric properties of the Spanish Overactive Bladder Questionnaire-short Form.
On the prediction of glucose concentration under intra-patient variability in type 1 diabetes: a monotone systems approach.
Plasma marker proteins associated with the progression of lung cancer in obese mice fed a high-fat diet.
Comparative study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in plasma of Eastern Atlantic juvenile and adult nesting loggerhead sea turtles (Caretta caretta).
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child neuropsychological development in 4-year-olds: an analysis per congener and specific cognitive domain.
PCDD/F and PCB concentrations in sera from the Canadian Health Measures Survey (CHMS) from 2007 to 2009.
Effect of age and gender on the relationship between alcohol consumption and serum GGT: time to recalibrate goals for normal ranges.
Multiplex PCR for 17 Y-chromosome Specific Short Tandem Repeats (STR) to enhance the reliability of fetal sex determination in maternal plasma.
Consumer product exposures associated with urinary phthalate levels in pregnant women.
Associations between serum levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants and environmental and behavioral factors in pregnant women.
Dietary compared with blood concentrations of carotenoids and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
FLQAI - A Questionnaire on Quality of Life in Fecal Incontinence: German translation and validation of Rockwood et al.'s (2000) Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life Scale (FIQLS).
Reliability of cerebral blood volume maps as a substitute for diffusion-weighted imaging in acute ischemic stroke.
Serum PBDEs in a North Carolina toddler cohort: associations with handwipes, house dust, and socioeconomic variables.
Relationship between achieved blood pressure, dietary habits and cardiovascular disease in hypertensive patients treated with olmesartan: the OMEGA study.
Minute-to-minute urine flow rate variability: a new renal physiology variable.
Hydroxylated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood plasma of humans in Hong Kong.
Effect of the intake of resveratrol, resveratrol phosphate, and catechin-rich grape seed extract on markers of oxidative stress and gene expression in adult obese subjects.
Calorie restriction with a high-fat diet effectively attenuated inflammatory response and oxidative stress-related markers in obese tissues of the high diet fed rats.
Relationship between maternal sodium intake and blood lead concentration during pregnancy.
Assessing human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in a petrochemical region utilizing data from environmental biomonitors.
Oral contraceptive use in girls and alcohol consumption in boys are associated with increased blood pressure in late adolescence.
Effect of chitosan intake on fecal excretion of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in healthy men.
Trace metal concentrations of surface snow from Ingrid Christensen Coast, East Antarctica--spatial variability and possible anthropogenic contributions.
Reliability of the blood flow velocity pulsatility index for assessment of intracranial and cerebral perfusion pressures in head-injured patients.
Exposure to brominated flame retardants, perfluorinated compounds, phthalates and phenols in European birth cohorts: ENRIECO evaluation, first human biomonitoring results, and recommendations.
Origins of intersubject variability of blood oxygenation level dependent and arterial spin labeling fMRI: implications for quantification of brain activity.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and diabetes among women in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2008.
Identification of factors contributing to variability in a blood-based gene expression test.
A multi-day environmental study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in a high-risk region for esophageal cancer in China.
Polytopic vector analysis of soil, dust, and serum samples to evaluate exposure sources of PCDD/Fs.
Diet and physical activity among migrant Bougainvilleans in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea: association with anthropometric measures and blood pressure.
Maternal occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and risk of neural tube defect-affected pregnancies.
The framingham risk score, diet, and inflammatory markers in Korean men with metabolic syndrome.
Antioxidant characterization of soy derived products in vitro and the effect of a soy diet on peripheral markers of oxidative stress in a heart disease model.
Plasma levels of interleukin-6 and interleukin-18 after an acute physical exercise: relation with post-exercise energy intake in twins.
Lactational exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and its relation to social and emotional development among toddlers.
Biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and DNA damage: a cross-sectional pilot study among roofers in South Florida.
Intra-individual variability of serum hepcidin-25 in haemodialysis patients using mass spectrometry and ELISA.
Prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure is associated with decreased gestational length but not birth weight: archived samples from the Child Health and Development Studies pregnancy cohort.
Exposure to a maternal n-3 fatty acid-deficient diet during brain development provokes excessive hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis responses to stress and behavioral indices of depression and anxiety in male rat offspring later in life.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers exposure in breast milk in Shanghai, China: levels, influencing factors and potential health risk for infants.
The role of drinking water sources, consumption of vegetables and seafood in relation to blood arsenic concentrations of Jamaican children with and without Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in maternal serum, umbilical cord serum, colostrum and mature breast milk. Insights from a pilot study and the literature.
Plasma cytokines as potential response indicators to dietary freeze-dried black raspberries in colorectal cancer patients.
Short-term repeatability of resting myocardial blood flow measurements using rubidium-82 PET imaging.
Maternal diets with low healthy eating index or Mediterranean diet adherence scores are associated with high cord-blood insulin levels and insulin resistance markers at birth.
The influence of physicochemical properties on the internal dose of trihalomethanes in humans following a controlled showering exposure.
Dairy product intake in relation to glucose regulation indices and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Phthalate excretion pattern and testicular function: a study of 881 healthy Danish men.
Dietary folic acid intake differentially affects methionine metabolism markers and hippocampus morphology in aged rats.
Psychometric evaluation of the adherence in diabetes questionnaire.
Methyl mercury in nail clippings in relation to fish consumption analysis with gas chromatography coupled to inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry: a first orientation.
Reproductive hormone profile and pubertal development in 14-year-old boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
CD34 cell content in unrelated allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell grafts transported internationally. Does the inter-laboratory variability affect comparability of graft quality data?
Associations between apolipoprotein E genotype, diet, body mass index, and serum lipids in Lithuanian adult population.
Subchronic inhalation exposure study of an airborne polychlorinated biphenyl mixture resembling the Chicago ambient air congener profile.
Long-term tracking of plasma phospholipid fatty acid concentrations and their correlation with the dietary intake of marine foods in newly diagnosed diabetic patients: results from a follow-up of the HUNT Study, Norway.
Assessment of the levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood samples from Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
Impact of flaxseed intake upon metabolic syndrome indicators in female Wistar rats.
Intraindividual long term stability and response corridors of cytokines in healthy volunteers detected by a standardized whole-blood culture system for bed-side application.
Food and nutrient intakes and their associations with lower BMI in middle-aged US adults: the International Study of Macro-/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP).
Heart rate variability and plasma norepinephrine concentration in diabetic dogs at rest.
A Mediterranean diet enriched with olive oil is associated with higher serum total osteocalcin levels in elderly men at high cardiovascular risk.
Mycelial fungi completely remediate di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate, the hazardous plasticizer in PVC blood storage bag.
Effect of red wine consumption on biomarkers of oxidative stress.
Genome-wide linkage and positional association study of blood pressure response to dietary sodium intervention: the GenSalt Study.
Dietary D-glucarate effects on the biomarkers of inflammation during early post-initiation stages of benzo[a]pyrene-induced lung tumorigenesis in A/J mice.
Evaluation of a diet quality index based on the probability of adequate nutrient intake (PANDiet) using national French and US dietary surveys.
Reliability of plasma D-dimers for predicting severe neurological decompression sickness in scuba divers.
Evaluation of plant sterol intake estimated with the Northern Sweden FFQ.
Arsenic exposure and tobacco consumption: Biomarkers and risk assessment.
Acidic fruit intake in relation to incidence and progression of urinary incontinence.
Plasma levels of dioxins, furans, non-ortho-PCBs, and TEQs in the Seveso population 17 years after the accident.
Comprehensive MRA of the lower limbs including high-resolution extended-phase infra-inguinal imaging with gadobenate dimeglumine: initial experience with inter-individual comparison to the blood-pool contrast agent gadofosveset trisodium.
Simultaneous determination of multiple phthalate metabolites and bisphenol-A in human urine by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Effect of a low-fat versus a low-gycemic-load diet on inflammatory biomarker and adipokine concentrations.
Soy food intake and circulating levels of inflammatory markers in Chinese women.
Effect of dietary linoleic acid on markers of inflammation in healthy persons: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Hydration biomarkers and dietary fluid consumption of women.
Validation of brief questionnaire measures of sun exposure and skin pigmentation against detailed and objective measures including vitamin D status.
Validation of a dietary vitamin D questionnaire using multiple diet records and the block 98 health habits and history questionnaire in healthy postmenopausal women in northern California.
Effect of catechin/epicatechin dietary intake on endothelial dysfunction biomarkers and proinflammatory cytokines in aorta of hyperhomocysteinemic mice.
Occupational exposure to PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs of metallurgical workers in some industrial plants of the Brescia area, northern Italy.
Cadmium exposure and tobacco consumption: Biomarkers and risk assessment.
Tea and coffee consumption in relation to vitamin D and calcium levels in Saudi adolescents.
Lipopolysaccharide potentiates polychlorinated biphenyl-induced disruption of the blood-brain barrier via TLR4/IRF-3 signaling.
Mineral concentrations in hair of Belgian elementary school girls: reference values and relationship with food consumption frequencies.
Inhalation cancer risk associated with exposure to complex polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures in an electronic waste and urban area in South China.
Higher anthocyanin intake is associated with lower arterial stiffness and central blood pressure in women.
Reliability and variability of sleep and activity as biomarkers of ageing in Drosophila.
Application of biomarkers in mudskipper (Boleophthalmus dussumieri) to assess polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) pollution in coastal areas of the Persian Gulf.
Moderate alcohol intake lowers biochemical markers of bone turnover in postmenopausal women.
Children's urinary phthalate metabolites and fractional exhaled nitric oxide in an urban cohort.
Diet and fatty acid pattern among patients with SLE: associations with disease activity, blood lipids and atherosclerosis.
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure, diabetes and endogenous hormones: a cross-sectional study in men previously employed at a capacitor manufacturing plant.
The gut microbiome of kittens is affected by dietary protein:carbohydrate ratio and associated with blood metabolite and hormone concentrations.
Hydration biomarkers in free-living adults with different levels of habitual fluid consumption.
Consumption of blueberries with a high-carbohydrate, low-fat breakfast decreases postprandial serum markers of oxidation.
Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with improved insulin sensitivity, reduced basal insulin secretion rate and lower fasting glucagon concentration in healthy women.
Korea National Survey for Environmental Pollutants in the human body 2008: 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-naphthol, and cotinine in urine of the Korean population.
Burnt sugarcane harvesting: particulate matter exposure and the effects on lung function, oxidative stress, and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Low calorie and carbohydrate diet: to improve the cardiovascular risk indicators in overweight or obese adults with prediabetes.
Dietary treatment with rice containing resistant starch improves markers of endothelial function with reduction of postprandial blood glucose and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes or newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes.
Separating uncertainty and physiological variability in human PBPK modelling: The example of 2-propanol and its metabolite acetone.
Plasma alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain intake, are related to lower BMI in older adults.
Blood levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and coplanar PCBs in Yusho mothers and their descendants: association with fetal Yusho disease.
Human exposure to lead, cadmium and mercury through fish and seafood product consumption in Italy: a pilot evaluation.
Kinetics of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood and of DEHP metabolites in urine of male volunteers after single ingestion of ring-deuterated DEHP.
Increased adipose tissue hypoxia and capacity for angiogenesis and inflammation in young diet-sensitive C57 mice compared with diet-resistant FVB mice.
Urine phthalate concentrations are higher in people with stroke: United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES), 2001-2004.
Accounting for the impact of short-term variations in the levels of trihalomethane in drinking water on exposure assessment for epidemiological purposes. Part II: biological aspects.
A model for calculating the within-subject biological variation and likelihood ratios for analytes with a time-dependent change in concentrations; exemplified with the use of D-dimer in suspected venous thromboembolism in healthy pregnant women.
Association between vitamin B12 intake and EURRECA's prioritized biomarkers of vitamin B12 in young populations: a systematic review.
Dietary fructose in relation to blood pressure and serum uric acid in adolescent boys and girls.
Validity and reproducibility of a food frequency questionnaire for assessment of fruit and vegetable intake in Iranian adults(*).
2,2',3,5',6-Pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 95) and its hydroxylated metabolites are enantiomerically enriched in female mice.
Reproducibility of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d and vitamin D-binding protein levels over time in a prospective cohort study of black and white adults.
Spanish translation and validation of four short pelvic floor disorders questionnaires.
Validation of questionnaire-based long-term dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls using biomarkers.
Dietary patterns are associated with plasma F-isoprostanes in an observational cohort study of adults.
Blood pressure-lowering effect of dietary (-)-epicatechin administration in L-NAME-treated rats is associated with restored nitric oxide levels.
Di-(2-ethylhcxyl) phthalate reduces progesterone levels and induces apoptosis of ovarian granulosa cell in adult female ICR mice.
Marked variability in the radiographic features of cartilage-hair hypoplasia: case report and review of the literature.
Validation of a FFQ for estimating -3, -6 and trans fatty acid intake during pregnancy using mature breast milk and food recalls.
Prenatal and early life exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls may influence dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels at prepubertal age: results from the Duisburg birth cohort study.
White adipose tissue apolipoprotein C-I secretion in relation to delayed plasma clearance of dietary fat in humans.
Intraindividual comparison of 123I-mIBG SPECT/MRI, 123I-mIBG SPECT/CT, and MRI for the detection of adrenal pheochromocytoma in patients with elevated urine or plasma catecholamines.
Determinants and short-term reproducibility of relative plasma volume slopes during hemodialysis.
Association of dietary copper and zinc levels with hepatic copper and zinc concentration in Labrador Retrievers.
Mercury, arsenic and selenium exposure levels in relation to fish consumption in the Mediterranean area.
Intra- and inter-individual variability in urinary nicotine excretion and plasma cotinine in adult cigarette smokers.
Reliability of plasma fibroblast growth factor 23 as risk biomarker in epidemiological studies measured over a four-month period.
Validation of FFQ-based assessment of dietary lignans compared with serum enterolactone in Swedish women.
Urinary and dietary sodium and potassium associated with blood pressure control in treated hypertensive kidney transplant recipients: an observational study.
The New Zealand PUFA semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire is a valid and reliable tool to assess PUFA intakes in healthy New Zealand adults.
Dietary diversity score is a useful indicator of vitamin A status of adult women in Northern Kenya.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in children: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Evaluation of three short dietary instruments to assess fruit and vegetable intake: the National Cancer Institute's food attitudes and behaviors survey.
Dietary total antioxidant capacity is associated with diet and plasma antioxidant status in healthy young adults.
The dose-response decrease in heart rate variability: any association with the metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coke oven workers?
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites in wild fish from Wheatley Harbour Area of Concern, Ontario, Canada.
Autoinhibition of CYP3A4 leads to important role of CYP2C8 in imatinib metabolism: variability in CYP2C8 activity may alter plasma concentrations and response.
A genome-wide association study of monozygotic twin-pairs suggests a locus related to variability of serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Extraction and analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and benzo[a]pyrene metabolites in microalgae cultures by off-line/on-line methodology based on matrix solid-phase dispersion, solid-phase extraction and high-performance liquid chromatography.
Development and validation of prediction models for blood concentrations of dioxins and PCBs using dietary intakes.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins from the maternal diet may be associated with immunosuppressive effects that persist into early childhood.
The adapted classification of male pattern hair loss improves reliability.
Adiponectin, systolic blood pressure, and alcohol consumption are associated with more aortic stiffness progression among apparently healthy men.
Analytical method for the sensitive determination of major di-(2-propylheptyl)-phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Determination of five di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites in urine by UPLC-MS/MS, markers of blood transfusion misuse in sports.
Non-monotonic dose effects of in utero exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) on testicular and serum testosterone and anogenital distance in male mouse fetuses.
1-Hydroxypyrene as a biomarker for assessing the effects of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on semen quality and sperm DNA integrity.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in prospectively collected serum and Parkinson's disease risk.
A QC approach to the determination of day-to-day reproducibility and robustness of LC-MS methods for global metabolite profiling in metabonomics/metabolomics.
Variability of organophosphorous pesticide metabolite levels in spot and 24-hr urine samples collected from young children during 1 week.
Association between aflatoxin M1 excreted in human urine samples with the consumption of milk and dairy products.
Natural iron isotopic composition of blood is an indicator of dietary iron absorption efficiency in humans.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners measured shortly after giving birth and subsequent risk of maternal breast cancer before age 50.
Effects of serum calcium and magnesium on heart rate variability in adult women.
Serum levels of hydroxylated PCBs, PCBs and thyroid hormone measures of Japanese pregnant women.
Repeatability of and relationship between potential COPD biomarkers in bronchoalveolar lavage, bronchial biopsies, serum, and induced sputum.
Increasing blood glucose variability is a precursor of sepsis and mortality in burned patients.
Prevalence of low chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin/dibenzofurans in human serum.
Effects of combined dietary chromium(III) propionate complex and thiamine supplementation on insulin sensitivity, blood biochemical indices, and mineral levels in high-fructose-fed rats.
Dietary intake and biological measurement of folate: a qualitative review of validation studies.
High N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels are associated with reduced heart rate variability in acute myocardial infarction.
Bolus consumption of a specifically designed fruit juice rich in anthocyanins and ascorbic acid did not influence markers of antioxidative defense in healthy humans.
Synthesis and characterization of bromophenol glucuronide and sulfate conjugates for their direct LC-MS/MS quantification in human urine as potential exposure markers for polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Regular exercise and a healthy dietary pattern are associated with lower resting blood pressure in non-obese adolescents: a population-based study.
Evaluation of a public health intervention to lower mercury exposure from fish consumption in Bermuda.
Agrimonia eupatoria tea consumption in relation to markers of inflammation, oxidative status and lipid metabolism in healthy subjects.
Determination of Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) metabolites in human hair using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Solid-phase extraction, sample stacking and capillary zone electrophoresis for the analysis of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Modeling Human Exposure to Phthalate Esters: A Comparison of Indirect and Biomonitoring Estimation Methods.
Assessment of adult human exposure to phthalate esters in the urban centre of Paris (France).
No effect modification of serum bilirubin or coffee consumption on the association of gamma-glutamyltransferase with glycated hemoglobin in a cross-sectional study of Japanese men and women.
Associations of dietary indices with biomarkers of dietary exposure and cardiovascular status among adolescents in Germany.
Relationship between dietary phytoestrogens and development of urinary incontinence in midlife women.
Significant variation in the concentration of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in yerba mat samples by brand, batch, and processing method.
Multiple indicators of poor diet quality in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes are associated with higher body mass index percentile but not glycemic control.
Reproducibility and robustness of metabolome analysis in rat plasma of 28-day repeated dose toxicity studies.
Variability of cyclosporine concentrations by HPLC and TDX monoclonal assay methods, application of a correction factor, and description of a novel clinical approach to determine the practical consequences of changing assay technique.
Determination of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in sediment samples by combining subcritical water extraction and dispersive liquid-liquid microextraction with derivatization.
Isothiocyanate concentrations and interconversion of sulforaphane to erucin in human subjects after consumption of commercial frozen broccoli compared to fresh broccoli.
Reliability of the pattern hair loss classifications: a comparison of the basic and specific and Norwood-Hamilton classifications.
Dietary total antioxidant capacity from different assays in relation to serum C-reactive protein among young Japanese women.
Validation of the Diet Quality Index for Adolescents by comparison with biomarkers, nutrient and food intakes: the HELENA study.
Comparison of catechin profiles in human plasma and urine after single dosing and regular intake of green tea (Camellia sinensis).
Clopidogrel variability: role of plasma protein binding alterations.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and their methoxylated and hydroxylated analogs in Brown Bullhead (Ameiurus nebulosus) plasma from Lake Ontario.
Consumption of tomato products is associated with lower blood mercury levels in Inuit preschool children.
Dietary protein and beef consumption predict for markers of muscle mass and nutrition status in older adults.
Construct validation of patient global impression of severity (PGI-S) and improvement (PGI-I) questionnaires in the treatment of men with lower urinary tract symptoms secondary to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in placentas from the Spanish INMA birth cohort study.
The dose-response relationship for dicentric chromosomes and -H2AX foci in human peripheral blood lymphocytes: influence of temperature during exposure and intra- and inter-individual variability of donors.
Association between use of specialty dietary supplements and C-reactive protein concentrations.
Maternal in utero exposure to the endocrine disruptor di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate affects the blood pressure of adult male offspring.
Carbohydrate counting accuracy and blood glucose variability in adults with type 1 diabetes.
The relation between dietary habits and urinary levels of 3-phenoxybenzoic acid, a pyrethroid metabolite.
Gazpacho consumption is associated with lower blood pressure and reduced hypertension in a high cardiovascular risk cohort. Cross-sectional study of the PREDIMED trial.
Exposure to heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA damage in taiwanese traffic conductors.
Interindividual variability and co-regulation of DNA methylation differ among blood cell populations.
Association between 24-hour urine sodium and potassium excretion and diet quality in six-year-old children: a cross sectional study.
Polychlorinated biphenyls impair blood-brain barrier integrity via disruption of tight junction proteins in cerebrum, cerebellum and hippocampus of female Wistar rats: neuropotential role of quercetin.
Plasma ghrelin is positively associated with body fat, liver fat and milk fat content but not with feed intake of dairy cows after parturition.
Association between heart rate variability and systemic endothelin-1 concentration in normal-tension glaucoma.
Validation of an FFQ to assess short-term antioxidant intake against 30 d food records and plasma biomarkers.
Nociceptive stimuli responses at different levels of general anaesthesia and genetic variability.
Menin liver-specific hemizygous mice challenged with high fat diet show increased weight gain and markers of metabolic impairment.
Women's exposure to phthalates in relation to use of personal care products.
Association of coffee consumption with serum adiponectin, leptin, inflammation and metabolic markers in Japanese workers: a cross-sectional study.
Plasma uric acid is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes independent of diet and metabolic risk factors.
Estimates of daily di-isodecyl phthalate (DIDP) intake calculated from urinary biomonitoring data.
Analysis of heart rate variability and skin blood flow oscillations under deep controlled breathing.
Variation in PAH-related DNA adduct levels among non-smokers: the role of multiple genetic polymorphisms and nucleotide excision repair phenotype.
Effect of different exercise modalities plus a hypocaloric diet on inflammation markers in overweight patients: a randomised trial.
Development and psychometric validation of the intermittent self-catheterization questionnaire.
Evaluation of Web-based Dietary Assessment Software for Children: comparing reported fruit, juice and vegetable intakes with plasma carotenoid concentration and school lunch observations.
Vitamin D status in North Greenland is influenced by diet and season: indicators of dermal 25-hydroxy vitamin D production north of the Arctic Circle.
Variability of blood lactate during and between given constant prolonged cycling power.
Daily calcium intake and its relation to blood pressure, blood lipids, and oxidative stress biomarkers in hypertensive and normotensive subjects.
Human and methodological sources of variability in the measurement of urinary 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine.
A comprehensive FFQ developed for use in New Zealand adults: reliability and validity for nutrient intakes.
Evaluation of timing and dosage of a parent-based intervention to minimize college students' alcohol consumption.
Fish intake and breastfeeding time are associated with serum concentrations of organochlorines in a Swedish population.
Plasma sphingolipids are biomarkers of metabolic syndrome in non-human primates maintained on a Western-style diet.
Biliary PAH metabolites, EROD activity and DNA damage in dab (Limanda limanda) from Seine Estuary (France).
Polyphenols excreted in urine as biomarkers of total polyphenol intake.
Effects of probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp. shermanii JS supplementation on intestinal and systemic markers of inflammation in ApoE*3Leiden mice consuming a high-fat diet.
Human elimination of phthalate compounds: blood, urine, and sweat (BUS) study.
Pharmacogenetics and beyond: variability of voriconazole plasma levels in a patient with primary immunodeficiency.
Dietary zinc intake and kidney stone formation: evaluation of NHANES III.
Exposure to drinking water trihalomethanes and their association with low birth weight and small for gestational age in genetically susceptible women.
Grape consumption increases anti-inflammatory markers and upregulates peripheral nitric oxide synthase in the absence of dyslipidemias in men with metabolic syndrome.
Association between the rs6950982 polymorphism near the SERPINE1 gene and blood pressure and lipid parameters in a high-cardiovascular-risk population: interaction with Mediterranean diet.
Evaluation of glutathione S-transferase activity as a biomarker of PAH pollution in mudskipper, Boleophthalmus dussumieri, Persian Gulf.
Serum and adipose tissue fatty acid composition as biomarkers of habitual dietary fat intake in elderly men with chronic kidney disease.
Subjective evaluation of the frequency of salty food intake and its relationship to urinary sodium excretion and blood pressure in a middle-aged population.
NOX2 deficiency attenuates markers of adiposopathy and brain injury induced by high-fat diet.
Temporal variability in urinary phthalate metabolite excretion based on spot, morning, and 24-h urine samples: considerations for epidemiological studies.
Validity and reliability of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence Short Form and its correlation with urodynamic findings.
Dietary biomarkers: advances, limitations and future directions.
Serum metabolic variables associated with impaired glucose tolerance induced by high-fat-high-cholesterol diet in Macaca mulatta.
Changes in nitrosative stress biomarkers in swine intestine following dietary intervention with verbascoside.
Relationship between mercury levels in hair and fish consumption in a population living near a hydroelectric tropical dam.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in adults: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis by the EURRECA Network.
Additional benefit in CVD risk indices derived from the consumption of fortified milk when combined with a lifestyle intervention.
Response to dietary L-glutamine supplementation in weaned piglets: a serum metabolomic comparison and hepatic metabolic regulation analysis.
The relevance of monitoring of antibodies against the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) and PAH-DNA adducts in serum in relation to lung cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
The Southern European Atlantic Diet is associated with lower concentrations of markers of coronary risk.
Liver lipid content and inflammometabolic indices in peripartal dairy cows are altered in response to prepartal energy intake and postpartal intramammary inflammatory challenge.
Contribution of putative genetic factors and candidate gene variants to inter-individual variation of circulating fractalkine (CX3CL1) levels in a large UK twins' sample.
Influence of genetic polymorphisms on the association between phthalate exposure and pulmonary function in the elderly.
The relationship between a Mediterranean diet and circulating adiponectin levels is influenced by cigarette smoking.
Intra-subject variability of snoring sounds in relation to body position, sleep stage, and blood oxygen level.
Systematic review with dose-response meta-analyses between vitamin B-12 intake and European Micronutrient Recommendations Aligned's prioritized biomarkers of vitamin B-12 including randomized controlled trials and observational studies in adults and elderly persons.
Data-driven strategy for the discovery of potential urinary biomarkers of habitual dietary exposure.
The reliability of foetal blood sampling as a test of foetal acidosis in labour.
Urinary metabolite concentrations of phthalate metabolites in Central Italy healthy volunteers determined by a validated HPLC/MS/MS analytical method.
Improvement in insulin resistance and favourable changes in plasma inflammatory adipokines after weight loss associated with two months' consumption of a combination of bioactive food ingredients in overweight subjects.
Biomonitoring of dietary heterocyclic amines and metabolites in urine by liquid phase microextraction: 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a possible biomarker of exposure to dietary PhIP.
Caffeine intake and its association with urinary incontinence in United States men: results from National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys 2005-2006 and 2007-2008.
Effect of metformin compared with hypocaloric diet on serum C-reactive protein level and insulin resistance in obese and overweight women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Response of plasma fatty acid profiles to changes in dietary n-3 fatty acids and its correlation with erythrocyte fatty acid profiles in dogs.
Validation of use of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence-Short Form (ICIQ-UI-SF) for impairment rating: a transversal retrospective study of 120 patients.
A genome-wide assessment of variability in human serum metabolism.
t-10, c-12 CLA dietary supplementation inhibits atherosclerotic lesion development despite adverse cardiovascular and hepatic metabolic marker profiles.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and pediatric asthma in children: a case-control study.
Development of a food compositional database for the estimation of dietary intake of phyto-oestrogens in a group of postmenopausal women previously treated for breast cancer and validation with urinary excretion.
Defining the impact of individual sample variability on routine immunoassay of serum free light chains (sFLC) in multiple myeloma.
Dietary antioxidant capacity is associated with improved serum antioxidant status and decreased serum C-reactive protein and plasma homocysteine concentrations.
Opium consumption is negatively associated with serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA), free PSA, and percentage of free PSA levels.
Association between dietary phylloquinone intake and peripheral metabolic risk markers related to insulin resistance and diabetes in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
Serum prealbumin: an independent marker of short-term energy intake in the presence of multiple-organ disease involvement.
The relationship between prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood.
Serum uric acid is associated with dietary and lifestyle factors in elderly women in suburban Guangzhou in Guangdong province of south China.
Epigenetic markers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Mexican brickmakers: a pilot study.
Using estradiol and progesterone concentrations to assess individual variability in the reproductive cyclicity of captive female little skates, Leucoraja erinacea, from the western Gulf of Maine.
Isoflavone metabolism in domestic cats (Felis catus): comparison of plasma metabolites detected after ingestion of two different dietary forms of genistein and daidzein.
Trimethylamine-N-oxide, a metabolite associated with atherosclerosis, exhibits complex genetic and dietary regulation.
Intake and serum profile of fatty acids are weakly correlated with global dietary quality in European adolescents.
Measuring the TREC ratio in dried blood spot samples: intra- and inter-filter paper cards reproducibility.
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in pregnant women in Trujillo, Peru--comparison of different fuel types used for cooking.
Brief maternal exposure of rats to the xenobiotics dibutyl phthalate or diethylstilbestrol alters adult-type Leydig cell development in male offspring.
South Asians have elevated postexercise blood pressure and myocardial oxygen consumption compared to Europeans despite equivalent resting pressure.
Measured versus modeled dietary arsenic and relation to urinary arsenic excretion and total exposure.
IL-22 mRNA expression in blood samples as a useful biomarker for assessing the adverse health effects of PCBs on allergic children.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in serum, liver and adipose tissue of subjects with hepatocellular carcinoma living in a highly polluted area.
Medications as a potential source of exposure to phthalates among women of childbearing age.
Concentration-dependent half-lives of polychlorinated biphenyl in sera from an occupational cohort.
Dietary advanced glycation end products restriction diminishes inflammation markers and oxidative stress in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Comparison of salty taste acuity and salty taste preference with sodium intake and blood pressure based on zinc nutritional status in two rural populations in Korea.
Inhibin B in plasma samples from male volunteer panel selected for health but not fertility: sources of variability.
Habitually higher dietary glycemic index during puberty is prospectively related to increased risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood.
Plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in chronic heart failure in the GISSI-Heart Failure Trial: relation with fish intake, circulating biomarkers, and mortality.
Serum and dietary antioxidant status is associated with lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in a study in Shanghai, China.
Turkish adaptation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12): a validation and reliability study.
Dietary anhydrous milk fat naturally enriched with conjugated linoleic acid and vaccenic acid modify cardiovascular risk biomarkers in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
11 Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 and dietary acid load are independently associated with blood pressure in healthy children and adolescents.
Levels, distribution, and health risks of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in four freshwater edible fish species from the Beijing market.
Interindividual variations in aprepitant plasma pharmacokinetics in cancer patients receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy for the first time.
Inter- and intra-rater reliability of blood and cerebrospinal fluid flow quantification by phase-contrast MRI.
Reproducibility and levels of blood lactate transition thresholds in persons with metabolic syndrome.
Estimating the mediating effect of different biomarkers on the relation of alcohol consumption with the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Association of blood glucose variability with outcomes in comatose cardiac arrest survivors treated with therapeutic hypothermia.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in women from Poland, Serbia and Italy--relation between PAH metabolite excretion, DNA damage, diet and genotype (the EU DIEPHY project).
Time-of-day of energy intake: association with hypertension and blood pressure 10 years later in the 1946 British Birth Cohort.
Gestational diabetes is associated with high energy and saturated fat intakes and with low plasma visfatin and adiponectin levels independent of prepregnancy BMI.
Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry-based plasma metabonomics delineate the effect of metabolites' stability on reliability of potential biomarkers.
Long-term reproducibility of plasma alkylresorcinols as biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake within Northern Sweden Health and Disease Study Cohort.
Early-life cockroach allergen and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposures predict cockroach sensitization among inner-city children.
Positive correlation between serum taurine and adiponectin levels in high-fat diet-induced obesity rats.
Exposure assessment of phthalates in French pregnant women: results of the ELFE pilot study.
Metabolomics in epidemiology: sources of variability in metabolite measurements and implications.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile and inflammation markers in metabolic syndrome -- a randomized study (SYSDIET).
Antiandrogenic effect of perinatal exposure to the endocrine disruptor di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate increases anxiety-like behavior in male rats during sexual maturation.
Repeatability of popliteal blood flow and lower limb vascular conductance at rest and exercise during body tilt using Doppler ultrasound.
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in benign prostate and subsequent risk for prostate cancer.
Sources of variability of resting cerebral blood flow in healthy subjects: a study using Xe SPECT measurements.
Effects of a 48-h fast on heart rate variability and cortisol levels in healthy female subjects.
Glucose variability assessed by low blood glucose index is predictive of hypoglycemic events in patients with type 1 diabetes switched to pump therapy.
Plasma stearoyl-CoA desaturase indices: association with lifestyle, diet, and body composition.
Concentrations and profiles of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites (OH-PAHs) in several Asian countries.
Dietary calcium intake is associated with adiposity, metabolic profile, inflammatory state and blood pressure, but not with erythrocyte intracellular calcium and endothelial function in healthy pre-menopausal women.
Green tea intake is associated with urinary estrogen profiles in Japanese-American women.
Indices of fatty acid desaturase activity in healthy human subjects: effects of different types of dietary fat.
Biomonitoring of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites of mother and child pairs in South Korea.
Levels of PAH-DNA adducts in placental tissue and the risk of fetal neural tube defects in a Chinese population.
Levels and distribution of methoxylated and hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in plant and soil samples surrounding a seafood processing factory and a seafood market.
A study of the association between serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase and serum phosphorus concentration or dietary phosphorus intake.
Allan-Herndon-Dudley syndrome (AHDS) in two consecutive generations caused by a missense MCT8 gene mutation. Phenotypic variability with the presence of normal serum T3 levels.
Reproducibility and validity of a food frequency questionnaire among pregnant women in a Mediterranean area.
Mass spectrometry-based metabolomics for the discovery of biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake: citrus fruit as a case study.
Intersubject variability of blood analysis reference values: assessment of age and locality influence by means of a linear discriminant analysis model.
Relationship between hemoglobin, serum retinol and habitual meat consumption in the elderly: a population-based study.
Phthalate exposure and children's health.
Rapid and sensitive analysis of phthalate metabolites, bisphenol A, and endogenous steroid hormones in human urine by mixed-mode solid-phase extraction, dansylation, and ultra-performance liquid chromatography coupled with triple quadrupole mass spectrometry.
Variability of microcirculation detected by blood pulsation imaging.
Is the association between salt intake and blood pressure mediated by body mass index and central adiposity?
Inverse age-dependent accumulation of decabromodiphenyl ether and other PBDEs in serum from a general adult population.
Urinary phthalate metabolites are associated with body mass index and waist circumference in Chinese school children.
Effects of dietary magnesium on testicular histology, steroidogenesis, spermatogenesis and oxidative stress markers in adult rats.
Unexpected results in a randomized dietary trial to reduce phthalate and bisphenol A exposures.
Ethnic variability in the plasma exposures of OATP1B1 substrates such as HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors: a kinetic consideration of its mechanism.
Ethyl glucuronide in scalp and non-head hair: an intra-individual comparison.
Pansteatitis associated with high levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in a wild loggerhead sea turtle Caretta caretta.
Multisoftware reproducibility study of stress and rest myocardial blood flow assessed with 3D dynamic PET/CT and a 1-tissue-compartment model of 82Rb kinetics.
Dietary and lifestyle factors and medical conditions associated with urinary citrate excretion.
PCBs and OH-PCBs in serum from children and mothers in urban and rural U.S. communities.
Identification of biomarkers for intake of protein from meat, dairy products and grains: a controlled dietary intervention study.
Determination of dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in 1 mL whole blood using programmable temperature vaporization large volume injection coupled to gas chromatogram and high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Associations among blood pressure, salt consumption and body weight status of students from south-western Ontario.
Baseline blood trihalomethanes, semen parameters and serum total testosterone: a cross-sectional study in China.
Folate catabolites in spot urine as non-invasive biomarkers of folate status during habitual intake and folic acid supplementation.
High intake of dietary long-chain -3 fatty acids is associated with lower blood pressure in children born with low birth weight: NHANES 2003-2008.
Use of polyetheretherketone as a material for solid phase extraction of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
Urinary metabolites of organophosphate flame retardants: temporal variability and correlations with house dust concentrations.
Validation of an Arabic version of the global Pelvic Floor Bother Questionnaire.
Estimation of age- and sex-specific background human serum concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in the UMDES and NHANES populations.
Reliability on intra-laboratory and inter-laboratory data of hair mineral analysis comparing with blood analysis.
Distribution, variability, and predictors of urinary concentrations of phenols and parabens among pregnant women in Puerto Rico.
Platelet oxygen consumption as a peripheral blood marker of brain energetics in a mouse model of severe neurotoxicity.
The influence of a thyroxine supplemented diet on selected hepatic redox equilibrium markers, liver morphology and the serum lipid profile in rats treated with doxorubicin.
Validation of a weight history questionnaire to identify adolescent obesity.
Intravenous laser blood irradiation, interstitial laser acupuncture, and electroacupuncture in an animal experimental setting: preliminary results from heart rate variability and electrocorticographic recordings.
Socioeconomic status is significantly associated with dietary salt intakes and blood pressure in Japanese workers (J-HOPE Study).
Novel gene-by-environment interactions: APOB and NPC1L1 variants affect the relationship between dietary and total plasma cholesterol.
Evaluation of dietary arsenic exposure and its biomarkers: a case study of West Bengal, India.
Biomarkers of food intake and metabolite differences between plasma and red blood cell matrices; a human metabolomic profile approach.
Assessing exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) for workers in the vicinity of a large recycling facility.
Levels of tetrabromobisphenol A, hexabromocyclododecanes and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human milk from the general population in Beijing, China.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in human milk from different regions of France.
Association between exposure to dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls and miR-191 expression in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
EROD activity induction in peripheral blood lymphocytes, liver and brain tissues of rats orally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Dietary exposure of juvenile female mice to polyhalogenated seafood contaminants (HBCD, BDE-47, PCB-153, TCDD): comparative assessment of effects in potential target tissues.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet with and without weight loss on markers of inflammation in men with metabolic syndrome.
Validity of a diet history questionnaire estimating -carotene, vitamin C and -tocopherol intakes in Japanese pregnant women.
Hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in paired maternal and cord sera.
Keap1 knockdown increases markers of metabolic syndrome after long-term high fat diet feeding.
A multicomponent lifestyle intervention produces favourable changes in diet quality and cardiometabolic risk indices in hypercholesterolaemic adults.
Magnetic solid-phase extraction based on magnetic multi-walled carbon nanotubes for the determination of phthalate monoesters in urine samples.
Reference range for intrapatient variability in blood-pool and liver SUV for 18F-FDG PET.
The macrophage-specific serum marker, soluble CD163, is increased in obesity and reduced after dietary-induced weight loss.
Intake of total protein, plant protein and animal protein in relation to blood pressure: a meta-analysis of observational and intervention studies.
Validation study of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire for lower urinary tract symptoms.
Evaluation of seasonality on total water intake, water loss and water balance in the general population in Greece.
Self-report of fruit and vegetable intake that meets the 5 a day recommendation is associated with reduced levels of oxidative stress biomarkers and increased levels of antioxidant defense in premenopausal women.
Systematic analysis of the relationship between standardized prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and mental and motor development during follow-up of nine children cohorts.
Associations of plasma phospholipid and dietary alpha linolenic acid with incident atrial fibrillation in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Muscle oxygenation and blood volume reliability during continuous and intermittent running.
Lead, mercury, and cadmium in blood and their relation to diet among Swedish adults.
NS3 genetic variability in HCV genotype-1b isolates from liver specimens and blood samples of treatment-naive patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Determinants and within-person variability of urinary cadmium concentrations among women in northern California.
Association of raw fruit and fruit juice consumption with blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
Prenatal exposure to a polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congener influences fixation duration on biological motion at 4-months-old: a preliminary study.
Dietary fat quality in regular fat diets has minor effects on biomarkers of inflammation in obese Zucker rats.
Comparison of blood monocytes and adipose tissue macrophages in a mouse model diet-induced weight gain.
Dietary nucleotide improves markers of immune response to strenuous exercise under a cold environment.
European content validation of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire in patients with overactive bladder.
Seven dietary minerals (Ca, P, Mg, Fe, Zn, Cu, and Mn) and their relationship with blood pressure and blood lipids in healthy adults with self-selected diet.
Relationship of dietary monounsaturated fatty acids to blood pressure: the International Study of Macro/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure.
Dietary fat content and fiber type modulate hind gut microbial community and metabolic markers in the pig.
Psychometric evaluation of the Cushing's Quality-of-Life questionnaire.
Dietary supplement use and smoking are important correlates of biomarkers of water-soluble vitamin status after adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle variables in a representative sample of U.S. adults.
Metabolic profiling of phenolic acids and oxidative stress markers after consumption of Lonicera caerulea L. fruit.
Validity of the Willett food frequency questionnaire in assessing the iron intake of French-Canadian pregnant women.
Improving infant exposure and health risk estimates: using serum data to predict polybrominated diphenyl ether concentrations in breast milk.
Applicability of food composition tables as a tool to estimate mineral and trace element intake of pre-school children in Japan: a validation study.
Dynamic model for the tissue concentration and oxygen saturation of hemoglobin in relation to blood volume, flow velocity, and oxygen consumption: Implications for functional neuroimaging and coherent hemodynamics spectroscopy (CHS).
Improving the reliability of human serum albumin-thiol group determination.
Urinary levels of N-acetyl-S-(2-carbamoylethyl)-cysteine (AAMA), an acrylamide metabolite, in Korean children and their association with food consumption.
Metabolomic profiling of in vivo plasma responses to dioxin-associated dietary contaminant exposure in rats: implications for identification of sources of animal and human exposure.
Effect of the level of maternal energy intake prepartum on immunometabolic markers, polymorphonuclear leukocyte function, and neutrophil gene network expression in neonatal Holstein heifer calves.
Relationships between serum and colon concentrations of carotenoids and fatty acids in randomized dietary intervention trial.
Calcium intake and serum concentration in relation to risk of cardiovascular death in NHANES III.
The CDC's Second National Report on Biochemical Indicators of Diet and Nutrition in the U.S. Population is a valuable tool for researchers and policy makers.
Selected physiologic variables are weakly to moderately associated with 29 biomarkers of diet and nutrition, NHANES 2003-2006.
Field confirmation of modified pressurized solvent extraction vessels for the analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in blood samples from Great Lakes Mallards (Anas platyrhynchos).
Habitual coffee consumption inversely associated with metabolic syndrome-related biomarkers involving adiponectin.
Circadian variation and responsiveness of hydration biomarkers to changes in daily water intake.
Beyond medications and diet: alternative approaches to lowering blood pressure: a scientific statement from the american heart association.
An inverse correlation between TNF alpha serum levels and heart rate variability in patients with heart failure.
A cross-sectional analysis of the relationship between daily alcohol consumption and serum adiponectin levels among adults aged 40 years or more in a rural area of Korea.
Interindividual variation in the proteome of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
A whole-grain-rich diet reduces urinary excretion of markers of protein catabolism and gut microbiota metabolism in healthy men after one week.
The carbon isotope ratio of alanine in red blood cells is a new candidate biomarker of sugar-sweetened beverage intake.
Habitual dietary isoflavone intake is associated with decreased C-reactive protein concentrations among healthy premenopausal women.
Tibial bone lead, but not serum polychlorinated biphenyl, concentrations are associated with neurocognitive deficits in former capacitor workers.
Developmental effects of perinatal exposure to PBDE and PCB on gene expression in sexually dimorphic rat brain regions and female sexual behavior.
Variability of ffDNA in maternal plasma does not prevent correct classification of trisomy 21 using MeDIP-qPCR methodology.
DNA methylation variations at CETP and LPL gene promoter loci: new molecular biomarkers associated with blood lipid profile variability.
Children's phthalate intakes and resultant cumulative exposures estimated from urine compared with estimates from dust ingestion, inhalation and dermal absorption in their homes and daycare centers.
PCDD/Fs in plasma of individuals living near a hazardous waste incinerator. A comparison of measured levels and estimated concentrations by PBPK modeling.
Unravelling the basis of variability in cobalamin levels in the general population.
Dietary exposure biomarker-lead discovery based on metabolomics analysis of urine samples.
Plasma adiponectin concentrations are associated with dietary glycemic index in Malaysian patients with type 2 diabetes.
Diet spanning infancy and toddlerhood is associated with child blood pressure at age 7.5 y.
Genetic and environmental influences of daily and intra-individual variation in testosterone levels in middle-aged men.
Vascular endothelial growth factor in the CSF of elderly patients with ventriculomegaly: variability, periodicity and levels in drainage responders and non-responders.
Exposure to phthalic acid, phthalate diesters and phthalate monoesters from foodstuffs: UK total diet study results.
Hazardous alcohol consumption is associated with increased levels of B-type natriuretic peptide: evidence from two population-based studies.
Serum alpha1-proteinase inhibitor concentrations in healthy dogs--method validation and determination of reference interval and intra-individual variation.
Direct analysis of phthalate ester biomarkers in urine without preconcentration: method validation and monitoring.
Consumption of yogurts fortified in vitamin D and calcium reduces serum parathyroid hormone and markers of bone resorption: a double-blind randomized controlled trial in institutionalized elderly women.
Decreased mitochondrial DNA content in association with exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in house dust during wintertime: from a population enquiry to cell culture.
Reliability of the estimation of total hepatic blood flow by Doppler ultrasound in patients with cirrhotic portal hypertension.
Association between folate intake, serum folate levels and the risk of lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hyperuricemia after exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans near a highly contaminated area.
Factors relating to eating style, social desirability, body image and eating meals at home increase the precision of calibration equations correcting self-report measures of diet using recovery biomarkers: findings from the Women's Health Initiative.
Plasma mercury levels in Hong Kong residents: in relation to fish consumption.
Variability in the blood/breath alcohol ratio and implications for evidentiary purposes.
Comparative performance of biomarkers of alcohol consumption in a population sample of working-aged men in Russia: the Izhevsk Family Study.
Relation between urinary hydration biomarkers and total fluid intake in healthy adults.
Reduction in the urinary aflatoxin M1 biomarker as an early indicator of the efficacy of dietary interventions to reduce exposure to aflatoxins.
The relationship between dietary fatty acids and inflammatory genes on the obese phenotype and serum lipids.
Segmental reproducibility of retinal blood flow velocity measurements using retinal function imager.
Development and validation of a food frequency questionnaire to estimate the intake of genistein in Malaysia.
Associations between access to farmers' markets and supermarkets, shopping patterns, fruit and vegetable consumption and health indicators among women of reproductive age in eastern North Carolina, U.S.A.
Associations between dietary patterns and kidney function indicators in type 2 diabetes.
Simultaneous determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in human serum and plasma.
The association between serological and dietary vitamin D levels and hepatitis C-related liver disease risk differs in African American and white males.
Variability of urinary excretion of pyrethroid metabolites in seven persons over seven consecutive days--implications for observational studies.
Association of dietary omega-3 fatty acids with prevalence of metabolic syndrome: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Genetic variability related to serum uric acid concentration and risk of Parkinson's disease.
Chemopreventive Effects of Korean Red Ginseng (Panax ginseng Meyer) on Exposure to Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) may influence birth weight among infants in a Swedish cohort with background exposure: a cross-sectional study.
Expression variability of absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion-related microRNAs in human liver: influence of nongenetic factors and association with gene expression.
11C-Acetate clearance as an index of oxygen consumption of the right myocardium in idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension: a validation study using 15O-labeled tracers and PET.
DNA hypomethylation of inflammation-associated genes in adipose tissue of female mice after multigenerational high fat diet feeding.
Dietary glycemic index during pregnancy is associated with biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome in offspring at age 20 years.
Investigation of rhythms of secretion and repeatability of plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone concentrations in healthy horses and horses with pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction.
Exclusive prenatal exposure to a 16 PAH mixture does not impact anxiety-related behaviours and regional brain metabolism in adult male rats: a role for the period of exposure in the modulation of PAH neurotoxicity.
The relationship between maternal serum iron and zinc levels and their nutritional intakes in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes.
Dose-response relationships of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure and oxidative damage to DNA and lipid in coke oven workers.
High variability in baseline urinary free cortisol values in patients with Cushing's disease.
Characterization of the DNA methylome and its interindividual variation in human peripheral blood monocytes.
Monitoring population levels of alcohol consumption in pregnant women: a case for using biomarkers.
Relation between dietary acrylamide exposure and biomarkers of internal dose in Canadian teenagers.
A comparison of the impact of amaranth flour and squalene on plasma cholesterol in mice with diet-induced dyslipidemia.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: determinants of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentration and risk of colorectal cancer in the Shanghai Women's Health Study.
Changes in the concentrations of biochemical indicators of diet and nutritional status of pregnant women across pregnancy trimesters in Trujillo, Peru, 2004-2005.
Functional variability in butyrylcholinesterase activity regulates intrathecal cytokine and astroglial biomarker profiles in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Variability of predialytic, intradialytic, and postdialytic blood pressures in the course of a week: a study of Dutch and US maintenance hemodialysis patients.
The dose of hazelnuts influences acceptance and diet quality but not inflammatory markers and body composition in overweight and obese individuals.
Intake and blood concentrations of folate and their association with health-related behaviors in Korean college students.
Biological variability of lymphocyte subsets of human adults' blood.
Vegetarian diet-induced increase in linoleic acid in serum phospholipids is associated with improved insulin sensitivity in subjects with type 2 diabetes.
A comparison of three empirically based, spatially explicit predictive models of residential soil Pb concentrations in Baltimore, Maryland, USA: understanding the variability within cities.
Dietary exposure to aflatoxin and fumonisin among Tanzanian children as determined using biomarkers of exposure.
Translation and psychometric evaluation of the Greek short forms of two condition-specific quality of life questionnaires for women with pelvic floor disorders: PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7.
Impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men and women.
A Mediterranean diet improves HbA1c but not fasting blood glucose compared to alternative dietary strategies: a network meta-analysis.
Validation of a questionnaire measuring preschool children's reactions to and coping with noise in a repeated measurement design.
Clinical utility and reproducibility of visceral adipose tissue measurements derived from dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in White and African American adults.
TNF-alpha promoter methylation in peripheral white blood cells: relationship with circulating TNF, truncal fat and n-6 PUFA intake in young women.
Associations of IGF-1 gene variants and milk protein intake with IGF-I concentrations in infants at age 6 months - results from a randomized clinical trial.
Relationship between diet and plasma long-chain n-3 PUFAs in older people: impact of apolipoprotein E genotype.
High concentrations of a urinary biomarker of polyphenol intake are associated with decreased mortality in older adults.
Paternal aging and associated intraindividual alterations of global sperm 5-methylcytosine and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine levels.
Association of a reduction in central obesity and phosphorus intake with changes in urinary albumin excretion: the PREMIER study.
Reproducibility of functional network metrics and network structure: a comparison of task-related BOLD, resting ASL with BOLD contrast, and resting cerebral blood flow.
Transcriptional impact of dietary methionine restriction on systemic inflammation: relevance to biomarkers of metabolic disease during aging.
A review on structure-affinity relationship of dietary flavonoids with serum albumins.
Fatty acid-binding protein 2 Ala54Thr genotype is associated with insulin resistance and leptin levels changes after a high monounsaturated fat diet in obese non-diabetic patients.
Is meconium useful to predict fetal exposure to organochlorines and hydroxylated PCBs?
Rapid and simultaneous determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and their main metabolites (hydroxylated and methyl sulfonyl) by gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry: comparison of different ionisation modes.
Variability and trend of multiple blood lead measures among construction and manufacturing workers.
Effects of Sex on Intra-Individual Variance in Urinary Solutes in Stone-Formers Collected from a Single Clinical Laboratory.
Combination of injection volume calibration by creatinine and MS signals' normalization to overcome urine variability in LC-MS-based metabolomics studies.
Plasma concentrations of organohalogenated pollutants in predatory bird nestlings: associations to growth rate and dietary tracers.
Impact of blood glucose variability on carotid artery intima media thickness and distensibility in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Variability in oxidative stress biomarkers following a maximal exercise test.
Reproducibility of NMR analysis of urine samples: impact of sample preparation, storage conditions, and animal health status.
Dietary pattern analysis and biomarkers of low-grade inflammation: a systematic literature review.
Diet, iron biomarkers and oxidative stress in a representative sample of Mediterranean population.
Essential and toxic element concentrations in blood and urine and their associations with diet: results from a Norwegian population study including high-consumers of seafood and game.
Variability of serum markers of erythropoiesis during 6 days of racing in highly trained cyclists.
Beef authentication using dietary markers: chemometric selection and modelling of significant beef biomarkers using concatenated data from multiple analytical methods.
Validity and reliability of an ultrasound system for estimating adipose tissue.
Psychometric validation of the Italian version of the I-QoL questionnaire: clinical and urodynamic findings.
Influence of bag volume on reproducibility of inert gas rebreathing pulmonary blood flow measurements in patients with pulmonary diseases.
Intra individual variability in markers of proteinuria for normal subjects and those with cadmium induced renal dysfunction: interpretation of results from untimed, random urine samples.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: biological monitoring strategies and methodology for determining biological exposure indices for various work environments.
Evidence of enhanced serum amino acid profile but not appetite suppression by dietary glycomacropeptide (GMP): a comparison of dairy whey proteins.
Urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from different sources.
DNA adducts as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in aquatic organisms: relationship to carcinogenicity.
Alcohol questionnaires and HDL: screening scores as scaled markers of alcohol consumption.
Variability of raltegravir plasma levels in the clinical setting.
Validity of food frequency questionnaire-based estimates of long-term long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake.
Assessment of occupational exposure to PAHs in an Estonian coke oven plant- correlation of total external exposure to internal dose measured as 1-hydroxypyrene concentration.
Interindividual variation in the levels of certain urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites following medicinal exposure to coal tar ointment.
Benzo(a)pyrene diolepoxide adducts to albumin in workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: association with specific CYP1A1, GSTM1, GSTP1 and EHPX genotypes.
High urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentrations in Linxian, China, an area of high risk for squamous oesophageal cancer.
Higher intake of vitamin B-6 and dairy products and lower intake of green and oolong tea are independently associated with lower serum homocysteine concentration in young Japanese women.
Cultural adaptation and validation of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory short form (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire short form (PFIQ-7) Spanish versions.
Biological monitoring of polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma a comparison of enzyme linked immunosorbent assay and gas chromatography detection methods.
Association of 1 hydroxypyrene glucuronide in human urine with cigarette smoking and broiled or roasted meat consumption.
Influence of GSTM1 and NAT2 genotypes on the relationship between personal exposure to PAH and biomarkers of internal dose.
LC-MS/MS quantification of N-acetylneuraminic acid, N-glycolylneuraminic acid and ketodeoxynonulosonic acid levels in the urine and potential relationship with dietary sialic acid intake and disease in 3- to 5-year-old children.
A preliminary study of a Peruvian diet using dietary analysis and hair mineral content as indicators.
Modifying influence of dietary sugar in the relationship between cortisol and visceral adipose tissue in minority youth.
Dietary sodium restriction and association with urinary marinobufagenin, blood pressure, and aortic stiffness.
Temporal variability in urinary excretion of bisphenol A and seven other phenols in spot, morning, and 24-h urine samples.
Serum concentrations of perfluorinated alkyl acids and their associations with diet and personal characteristics among Swedish adults.
The Diabetes Self-Management Questionnaire (DSMQ): development and evaluation of an instrument to assess diabetes self-care activities associated with glycaemic control.
Dietary energy intake is associated with type 2 diabetes risk markers in children.
Does subjective evaluation of the frequency of salty food intake predict the risk of incident hypertension? A 4-year follow-up study in a middle-aged population.
Prenatal exposure to environmental phenols: concentrations in amniotic fluid and variability in urinary concentrations during pregnancy.
Reproducibility of positive results for the detection of serum galactomannan by Platelia aspergillus EIA.
Intraindividual variation in one-carbon metabolism plasma biomarkers.
Assessing patients' perceived bother from the gastrointestinal side effects of radiotherapy for localized prostate cancer: initial questionnaire development and validation.
Day-to-day variability in spot urine albumin-creatinine ratio.
Disruption of reproductive development in male rat offspring following gestational and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and genistein.
Low calcium intake is associated with high plasma homocysteine levels in postmenopausal women.
Blood pressure in relation to interactions between sodium dietary intake and renal handling.
Associations among dietary zinc intakes and biomarkers of zinc status before and after a zinc supplementation program in Guatemalan schoolchildren.
Impact of blood volume, tube shaking, and incubation time on reproducibility of QuantiFERON-TB gold in-tube assay.
Enhancement of ovarian tumor classification by improved reproducibility in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry of serum glycans.
The effect of different dietary levels of vitamin E and selenium on antioxidant status and immunological markers in serum of laying hens.
High interpatient variability of raltegravir CSF concentrations in HIV-positive patients: a pharmacogenetic analysis.
Associations between dietary acrylamide intake and plasma sex hormone levels.
Animal source food intake and association with blood cholesterol, glycerophospholipids and sphingolipids in a northern Swedish population.
The molecular etiology and prevention of estrogen-initiated cancers: Ockham's Razor: Pluralitas non est ponenda sine necessitate. Plurality should not be posited without necessity.
The effects of dietary weight loss on indices of norepinephrine turnover: modulatory influence of hyperinsulinemia.
Urinary 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCPY) in pregnant women from Mexico City: distribution, temporal variability, and relationship with child attention and hyperactivity.
Diamine oxidase as a marker of intestinal mucosal injury and the effect of soluble dietary fiber on gastrointestinal tract toxicity after intravenous 5-fluorouracil treatment in rats.
Repeatability and sensitivity of high resolution blood volume mapping in mouse kidney disease.
-Lipoic acid attenuates obesity-associated hippocampal neuroinflammation and increases the levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in ovariectomized rats fed a high-fat diet.
Serum adiponectin concentration in relation to macronutrient and food intake in young Japanese women.
Variability of urinary cadmium excretion in spot urine samples, first morning voids, and 24h urine in a healthy non-smoking population: implications for study design.
Longitudinal relationships between diet-dependent renal acid load and blood pressure development in healthy children.
Intakes of PUFAs were inversely associated with plasma C-reactive protein 12 years later in a middle-aged population with vitamin E intake as an effect modifier.
Glycemic variability in normal glucose regulation subjects with elevated 1-h postload plasma glucose levels.
The Spanish linguistic validation of the ureteral stent symptom questionnaire.
Which patients should be evaluated for blood glucose variability?
Within-person reproducibility of urinary bisphenol A and phthalate metabolites over a 1 to 3year period among women in the Nurses' Health Studies: a prospective cohort study.
Assessing U.S. sodium intake through dietary data and urine biomarkers.
Preferential impact of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A deficiency on visceral fat in mice on high-fat diet.
Pre-analytical-related variability influencing serum peptide profiles demonstrated in a mass spectrometry-based search for colorectal and prostate cancer biomarkers.
Dietary folate intake and blood biomarkers reveal high-risk groups in a Mediterranean population of healthy women of childbearing potential.
Biomarkers of diabetes risk in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey rolling programme (2008-2011).
Reproducibility of laser ablation-inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS) measurements in mussel shells and comparison with micro-drill sampling and solution ICP-MS.
Inter-rater and intra-rater reliability of cerebral blood flow measures obtained using the Brain Acoustic Monitor.
Inter-individual differences in control of alveolar capillary blood volume in exercise and hypoxia.
Interindividual and intra-individual variabilities of darunavir and ritonavir plasma trough concentrations in multidrug experienced HIV patients receiving salvage regimens.
Associations between lung function and alcohol consumption--assessed by both a questionnaire and a blood marker.
The relationship between dietary vitamin A intake and the levels of sialic acid in the breast milk of lactating women.
Dietary Quality Indices and Biochemical Parameters Among Patients With Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).
Variability of the IS revealed ionization enhancement by bile acid in mouse plasma.
The role of physical activity and diet on bone mineral indices in young men: a cross-sectional study.
Relationships between alcohol intake and atherogenic indices in women.
Validation of a short, qualitative food frequency questionnaire in French adults participating in the MONA LISA-NUT study 2005-2007.
An examination of the association of serum IGF-I concentration, potential candidate genes, and fiber type composition with variation in residual feed intake in progeny of Red Angus sires divergent for maintenance energy EPD.
Heredity and lifestyle in the determination of between-subject variation in thyroid hormone levels in euthyroid men.
Plasma proteome profiles associated with diet-induced metabolic syndrome and the early onset of metabolic syndrome in a pig model.
Monosodium glutamate (MSG) consumption is associated with urolithiasis and urinary tract obstruction in rats.
Fasting-induced increase in plasma ghrelin is blunted by intravenous alcohol administration: a within-subject placebo-controlled study.
Association between dietary folate intake and serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels in healthy old women.
Associations of serum insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 levels with biomarker-calibrated protein, dairy product and milk intake in the Women's Health Initiative.
Carbohydrate supplements and their effects on pasture dry matter intake, feeding behavior, and blood factors associated with intake regulation.
Anthropometric indices and selenium status in British adults: the U.K. National Diet and Nutrition Survey.
Development of a liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry method to investigate the presence of biomarkers of DNA damage in urine related to red meat consumption and risk of colorectal cancer.
Inflammatory status modulates plasma lipid and inflammatory marker responses to kiwifruit consumption in hypercholesterolaemic men.
The relationship between nut consumption and blood pressure in an Iranian adult population: Isfahan Healthy Heart Program.
Dietary and urinary metabonomic factors possibly accounting for higher blood pressure of black compared with white Americans: results of International Collaborative Study on macro-/micronutrients and blood pressure.
Association between alcohol consumption and plasma fetuin-A and its contribution to incident type 2 diabetes in women.
Validation of the Spanish version of Ureteral Stent Symptom Questionnaire: prevalence of symptoms in a tertiary care center in Mexico.
Early elevation of albumin excretion rate is associated with poor gluten-free diet adherence in young people with coeliac disease and diabetes.
Evaluation of a new German blood donor questionnaire.
The addition of whole soy flour to cafeteria diet reduces metabolic risk markers in wistar rats.
Comparison between two portable hemoglobinometers and a reference method to verify the reliability of screening in blood donors.
Comparisons of spot vs 24-h urine samples for estimating population salt intake: validation study in two independent samples of adults in Britain and Italy.
Hypocaloric diet supplemented with probiotic cheese improves body mass index and blood pressure indices of obese hypertensive patients--a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study.
Cord blood serum-based eye drops: the impact of donor haematological and obstetric factors on the variability of epidermal growth factor levels.
The association of alcohol intake with -glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels: evidence for correlated genetic effects.
Evaluation of health care workers' knowledge and functioning of blood centres in north India: a questionnaire based survey.
Gut neuroendocrine tumor blood qPCR fingerprint assay: characteristics and reproducibility.
Association between usual sodium and potassium intake and blood pressure and hypertension among U.S. adults: NHANES 2005-2010.
Validation of the bladder control self-assessment questionnaire (B-SAQ) in men.
Factors impacting variability of the urinary normeperidine-to-meperidine metabolic ratio in patients with chronic pain.
Dietary zinc intake is inversely associated with systolic blood pressure in young obese women.
Dietary practices in isolated First Nations communities of northern Canada: combined isotopic and lipid markers provide a good qualitative assessment of store-bought vs locally harvested foods consumption.
Experimental evaluation of the impact of maternal consumption of aqueous leaf extract of Hybanthus enneaspermus on pregnancy in Sprague Dawley rats.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations among pregnant women in Northern Puerto Rico: distribution, temporal variability, and predictors.
Pharmacokinetic variability of flecainide in younger Japanese patients and mechanisms for renal excretion and intestinal absorption.
Assessment of reproducibility in depletion and enrichment workflows for plasma proteomics using label-free quantitative data-independent LC-MS.
The biomarker-based validity of a food frequency questionnaire to assess the intake status of folate, pyridoxine and cobalamin among Iranian primary breast cancer patients.
Monitoring of ovarian activity by daily measurement of urinary excretion rates of oestrone glucuronide and pregnanediol glucuronide using the Ovarian Monitor, Part III: variability of normal menstrual cycle profiles.
Associations of dietary fiber intake with long-term predicted cardiovascular disease risk and C-reactive protein levels (from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Data [2005-2010]).
Dietary carbohydrate restriction improves insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, microvascular function, and cellular adhesion markers in individuals taking statins.
The rapid identification and quantification of iso--acids and reduced iso--acids in blood using UHPLC-MS/MS: validation of a novel marker for beer consumption.
Mercury in scalp hair near the Mid-Atlantic Ridge (MAR) in relation to high fish consumption.
Mushroom and dietary selenium intakes in relation to fasting glucose levels in a free-living Italian adult population: the Moli-sani Project.
A stable isotope-labeled internal standard is essential for correcting for the interindividual variability in the recovery of lapatinib from cancer patient plasma in quantitative LC-MS/MS analysis.
Frozen section analysis of ureteral margins in patients undergoing radical cystectomy for bladder cancer: differential impact of carcinoma in situ in the bladder on reliability and impact on tumour recurrence in the upper urinary tract.
Biomarkers of arsenic exposure and effects in a Canadian rural population exposed through groundwater consumption.
Association of 24-h urinary salt excretion with central haemodynamics and assessment of food categories contributing to salt consumption in Portuguese patients with hypertension.
Use of food frequency questionnaire to assess relationships between dietary habits and cardiovascular risk factors in NESCAV study: validation with biomarkers.
Sex-specific effects of high fat diet on indices of metabolic syndrome in 3xTg-AD mice: implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Evaluation of 12 blood glucose monitoring systems for self-testing: system accuracy and measurement reproducibility.
Variability of platelet-rich plasma preparations.
Low energy tandem mass spectrometry of deoxynucleoside adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol-epoxides.
Tandem mass spectrometry study of C-phenyl-N-tert-butyl nitrone spin adducts from in vitro rat liver microsomal metabolism of bromotrichloromethane and carbon tetrachloride.
Biomarker-calibrated protein intake and physical function in the Women's Health Initiative.
Plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites as biomarkers for whole-grain intake and their association with prostate cancer: a Swedish nested case-control study.
Characteristics of high energy collision-induced dissociation tandem Mass Spectra of Polycyclic aromatic Hydrocarbon diolepoxide adducted peptides.
Intake and serum concentrations of -tocopherol in relation to fractures in elderly women and men: 2 cohort studies.
Estimated daily intake and hazard quotients and indices of phthtalate diesters for young danish men.
Dietary pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) alters indicators of inflammation and mitochondrial-related metabolism in human subjects.
Association of blood pressure and hypertension with alcohol consumption in HIV-infected white and nonwhite patients.
Increased dairy consumption differentially improves metabolic syndrome markers in male and female adults.
Dark blood versus bright blood T2 acquisition in cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) for thalassaemia major (TM) patients: evaluation of feasibility, reproducibility and image quality.
Synthesis of 
Three-year variability in plasma concentrations of the soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE).
Associations of obesity, physical activity and diet with benign prostatic hyperplasia and lower urinary tract symptoms.
SERPINE1, PAI-1 protein coding gene, methylation levels and epigenetic relationships with adiposity changes in obese subjects with metabolic syndrome features under dietary restriction.
Assessing arsenic exposure from consumption of seafood from Vieques-Puerto Rico: a pilot biomonitoring study using different biomarkers.
Pre-analytical and analytical variability in absolute quantitative MRM-based plasma proteomic studies.
Relation of raw and cooked vegetable consumption to blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
Identification and pharmacokinetics of novel alkylresorcinol metabolites in human urine, new candidate biomarkers for whole-grain wheat and rye intake.
Urinary and dietary analysis of 18,470 bangladeshis reveal a correlation of rice consumption with arsenic exposure and toxicity.
Curcuma longa extract associated with white pepper lessens high fat diet-induced inflammation in subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Dietary exposure to phenolic and methoxylated organohalogen contaminants in relation to their concentrations in breast milk and serum in Japan.
Development of a valid and reliable blood stasis questionnaire and its relationship to heart rate variability.
The use of dietary supplements and their association with blood pressure in a large Midwestern cohort.
Associations between red meat intake and biomarkers of inflammation and glucose metabolism in women.
Reproducibility of cerebrospinal venous blood flow and vessel anatomy with the use of phase contrast-vastly undersampled isotropic projection reconstruction and contrast-enhanced MRA.
Expression of "brown-in-white" adipocyte biomarkers shows gender differences and the influence of early dietary exposure.
Diet quality is associated with circulating C-reactive protein but not irisin levels in humans.
Statistical validation of the shorter-moldwin food sensitivity questionnaire for patients with interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome.
Urinary metabolites of organophosphate flame retardants and their variability in pregnant women.
Plasma alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, and incidence of colorectal cancer.
Assessing the quality and reproducibility of a proteomic platform for clinical stroke biomarker discovery.
Time-dependent variability in tacrolimus trough blood levels is a risk factor for late kidney transplant failure.
Intakes of anthocyanins and flavones are associated with biomarkers of insulin resistance and inflammation in women.
Biomarkers of fish oil omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids intake in humans.
Short sleep duration is associated with decreased serum leptin, increased energy intake and decreased diet quality in postmenopausal women.
Prenatal exposure to phthalates is associated with decreased anogenital distance and penile size in male newborns.
Dietary flavonoids from modified apple reduce inflammation markers and modulate gut microbiota in mice.
Short-term variability in biomarkers of bone metabolism in sheep.
The impact of dietary methionine restriction on biomarkers of metabolic health.
An inter-laboratory study on the variability in measured concentrations of 17-estradiol, testosterone, and 11-ketotestosterone in white sucker: implications and recommendations.
Self-reported alcohol intake is a better estimate of 5-year change in blood pressure than biochemical markers in low resource settings: the PURE study.
Androgenic alopecia is associated with less dietary soy, lower [corrected] blood vanadium and rs1160312 1 polymorphism in Taiwanese communities.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for a human milk bank to determine the presence of illegal drugs, nicotine, and caffeine.
Polymorphism of rs1836882 in NOX4 gene modifies associations between dietary caloric intake and ROS levels in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Development and validation of a dietary screening tool for high sodium consumption in Australian renal patients.
Validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire for estimation of intakes of energy, fats and cholesterol among Singaporeans.
Clinical significance of intra-host variability of Dengue-1 virus in venous and capillary blood.
Types of oilseed and adipose tissue influence the composition and relationships of polyunsaturated fatty acid biohydrogenation products in steers fed a grass hay diet.
Intraindividual variation in urinary iodine concentrations: effect of adjustment on population distribution using two and three repeated spot urine collections.
High variability in serum estradiol measurements in men and women.
Reproducibility and prognostic value of WHO1973 and WHO2004 grading systems in TaT1 urothelial carcinoma of the urinary bladder.
Dietary arsenic exposure with low level of arsenic in drinking water and biomarker: a study in West Bengal.
Diets high in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids decrease fatty acid synthase protein levels in adipose tissue but do not alter other markers of adipose function and inflammation in diet-induced obese rats.
Assessment of stability of drug biomarkers in municipal wastewater as a factor influencing the estimation of drug consumption using sewage epidemiology.
Dietary glycemic index, but not glycemic load, is positively associated with serum homocysteine concentration in free-living young Japanese women.
Factors associated with variability in rifampin plasma pharmacokinetics and the relationship between rifampin concentrations and induction of efavirenz clearance.
Epstein-Barr virus latent membrane protein 1 genetic variability in peripheral blood B cells and oropharyngeal fluids.
Reliability and clinical relevance of the HIV-1 drug resistance test in patients with low viremia levels.
Mercury and selenium intake by seafood from the Ionian Sea: A risk evaluation.
Association between circulating irisin levels and the promotion of insulin resistance during the weight maintenance period after a dietary weight-lowering program in obese patients.
Early biomarkers identified in a rat model of a healthier phenotype based on early postnatal dietary intervention may predict the response to an obesogenic environment in adulthood.
Associations of the Baltic Sea diet with obesity-related markers of inflammation.
Reproducibility of cardiac biomarkers response to prolonged treadmill exercise.
Soy intake and breast cancer risk: an evaluation based on a systematic review of epidemiologic evidence among the Japanese population.
Association of iron depletion with menstruation and dietary intake indices in pubertal girls: the healthy growth study.
The association between APOA5 haplotypes and plasma lipids is not modified by energy or fat intake: the Czech HAPIEE study.
Lead, cadmium and zinc in hair samples: relationship with dietary habits and urban environment.
Mealtime, temporal, and daily variability of the human urinary and plasma metabolomes in a tightly controlled environment.
Serum potassium levels and its variability in incident peritoneal dialysis patients: associations with mortality.
Urinary isoxanthohumol is a specific and accurate biomarker of beer consumption.
Whole-grain intake favorably affects markers of systemic inflammation in obese children: a randomized controlled crossover clinical trial.
Hypocaloric high-protein diet improves clinical and biochemical markers in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
The effect of ginger consumption on glycemic status, lipid profile and some inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Different dietary fatty acids are associated with blood lipids in healthy South African men and women: the PURE study.
High-salt intake induced visceral adipose tissue hypoxia and its association with circulating monocyte subsets in humans.
The role of dietary fat on the association between dietary amino acids and serum lipid profile in European adolescents participating in the HELENA Study.
Dietary lipids do not contribute to the higher hepatic triglyceride levels of fructose- compared to glucose-fed mice.
Critical evaluation of lowering the recommended dietary intake of folate.
Effects of a low-fat diet with antioxidant supplementation on biochemical markers of multiple sclerosis long-term care residents.
Urinary tartaric acid as a potential biomarker for the dietary assessment of moderate wine consumption: a randomised controlled trial.
Validation and reliability of a smartphone application for the International Prostate Symptom Score questionnaire: a randomized repeated measures crossover study.
Dietary magnesium intake is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein levels: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Variability of oxidative stress biomarkers in hemodialysis patients.
Plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations, biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort.
The effects of green tea consumption on metabolic and anthropometric indices in patients with Type 2 diabetes.
Total antioxidant capacity of diet and serum, dietary antioxidant vitamins intake, and serum hs-CRP levels in relation to depression scales in university male students.
Saturated fatty acid (SFA) status and SFA intake exhibit different relations with serum total cholesterol and lipoprotein cholesterol: a mechanistic explanation centered around lifestyle-induced low-grade inflammation.
Determination of the most influential sources of variability in tacrolimus trough blood concentrations in adult liver transplant recipients: a bottom-up approach.
Dietary indices, cardiovascular risk factors and mortality in middle-aged adults: findings from the Aerobics Center Longitudinal Study.
Diet quality and markers of endothelial function: the CARDIA study.
Flow cytometric analysis of micronuclei in rat peripheral blood: An interlaboratory reproducibility study.
Plasma alkylresorcinols C17:0/C21:0 ratio, a biomarker of relative whole-grain rye intake, is associated to insulin sensitivity: a randomized study.
Relationship between dietary mercury intake and blood mercury level in Korea.
Transcript levels of class I GLUTs within individual tissues and the direct relationship between GLUT1 expression and glucose metabolism in Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua).
Inorganic and methylmercury levels in plasma are differentially associated with age, gender, and oxidative stress markers in a population exposed to mercury through fish consumption.
An almond-enriched diet increases plasma -tocopherol and improves vascular function but does not affect oxidative stress markers or lipid levels.
Relation of mitochondrial oxygen consumption in peripheral blood mononuclear cells to vascular function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet on heart failure biomarkers: a randomized sample from the PREDIMED trial.
Effects of dietary milled seed mixture on fatty acid status and inflammatory markers in patients on hemodialysis.
Short communication: Is consumption of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides, such as the Norwegian cheese Gamalost, associated with reduced blood pressure?
Defective adipose tissue development associated with hepatomegaly in cathepsin E-deficient mice fed a high-fat diet.
Moderate chronic administration of Vineatrol-enriched red wines improves metabolic, oxidative, and inflammatory markers in hamsters fed a high-fat diet.
Storage duration of red blood cell transfusion and Clostridium difficile infection: a within person comparison.
Immunoepidemiological profiling of onchocerciasis patients reveals associations with microfilaria loads and ivermectin intake on both individual and community levels.
Effects of herbal essential oil mixture as a dietary supplement on egg production in quail.
Influence of protein intake from haem and non-haem animals and plant origin on inflammatory biomarkers among apparently-healthy adults in Greece.
Correlation between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids consumption and BDNF peripheral levels in adolescents.
Sources of variability in biomarker concentrations.
A stable isotope biomarker of marine food intake captures associations between n-3 fatty acid intake and chronic disease risk in a Yup'ik study population, and detects new associations with blood pressure and adiponectin.
Comparison of ASL and DCE MRI for the non-invasive measurement of renal blood flow: quantification and reproducibility.
Dietary antioxidant and anti-inflammatory intake modifies the effect of cadmium exposure on markers of systemic inflammation and oxidative stress.
Examination of lysine requirement of healthy young male adults on a Chinese habitual diet by the modified indicator amino acid oxidation method.
Discovery of human urinary biomarkers of aronia-citrus juice intake by HPLC-q-TOF-based metabolomic approach.
Plasma lipidome is independently associated with variability in metabolic syndrome in Mexican American families.
A community study of the effect of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites on heart rate variability based on the Framingham risk score.
Cruciferous vegetable intake is inversely correlated with circulating levels of proinflammatory markers in women.
Fruit and vegetable intake and related nutrients are associated with oxidative stress markers in middle-aged men.
Most blood biomarkers related to vitamin status, one-carbon metabolism, and the kynurenine pathway show adequate preanalytical stability and within-person reproducibility to allow assessment of exposure or nutritional status in healthy women and cardiovascular patients.
Socioeconomic factors are associated with folate and vitamin B12 intakes and related biomarkers concentrations in European adolescents: the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence study.
Daily kiwifruit consumption did not improve blood pressure and markers of cardiovascular function in men with hypercholesterolemia.
Cross-sectional associations of food consumption with plasma fatty acid composition and estimated desaturase activities in Finnish children.
Effect of graded inclusion of dietary soybean meal on nutrient digestibility, health, and metabolic indices of adult dogs.
Reproducibility of estradiol and testosterone levels in postmenopausal women over 5 years: results from the breakthrough generations study.
Systematic review using meta-analyses to estimate dose-response relationships between iodine intake and biomarkers of iodine status in different population groups.
Self-reported whole-grain intake and plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations in combination in relation to the incidence of colorectal cancer.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire for assessing macronutrient and calcium intake in adult Pakistani population.
Variability in DNA damage of chub (Squalius cephalus L.) blood, gill and liver cells during the annual cycle.
New biomarkers of coffee consumption identified by the non-targeted metabolomic profiling of cohort study subjects.
Added sugars in the diet are positively associated with diastolic blood pressure and triglycerides in children.
Palm oil and blood lipid-related markers of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of dietary intervention trials.
Dietary sodium and potassium intake is not associated with elevated blood pressure in US adults with no prior history of hypertension.
Short term variability in urinary bisphenol A in Australian children.
Improving Reproducibility of Lab-on-a-Chip Sensor with Bismuth Working Electrode for Determining Zn in Serum by Anodic Stripping Voltammetry.
Protocol for the implementation and evaluation of a community-based intervention seeking to reduce dietary salt intake in Lithgow, Australia.
Metabolomics in nutritional epidemiology: identifying metabolites associated with diet and quantifying their potential to uncover diet-disease relations in populations.
The reliability and predictive ability of a biomarker of oxidative DNA damage on functional outcomes after stroke rehabilitation.
Dietary carotenoids are associated with cardiovascular disease risk biomarkers mediated by serum carotenoid concentrations.
Healthy dietary habits score as an indicator of diet quality in New Zealand adolescents.
Dietary sodium, added salt, and serum sodium associations with growth and depression in the U.S. general population.
Association of serum phosphorus variability with coronary artery calcification among hemodialysis patients.
Roles of the ALDH2 and ADH1B genotypes on the association between alcohol intake and serum adiponectin levels among Japanese male workers.
Methylation potential associated with diet, genotype, protein, and metabolite levels in the Delta Obesity Vitamin Study.
Caffeine intake may modulate inflammation markers in trained rats.
Circadian rhythmicity, variability and correlation of interleukin-6 levels in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid of healthy men.
Association of dietary caloric intake with blood pressure, serum lipids and anthropometric indices in patients with hypertension.
Fruit and vegetable intake, as reflected by serum carotenoid concentrations, predicts reduced probability of polychlorinated biphenyl-associated risk for type 2 diabetes: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004.
Evaluation of trace elements in selected foods and dietary intake by young children in Thailand.
Sources of variability in metabolite measurements from urinary samples.
Association between alcohol intake, overweight, and serum lipid levels and the risk analysis associated with the development of dyslipidemia.
Interindividual variability of lutein bioavailability in healthy men: characterization, genetic variants involved, and relation with fasting plasma lutein concentration.
Effect of diet or diet plus physical activity versus usual care on inflammatory markers in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes: the Early ACTivity in Diabetes (ACTID) randomized, controlled trial.
Metabolic syndrome, alcohol consumption and genetic factors are associated with serum uric acid concentration.
Predicting passive and active tissue:plasma partition coefficients: interindividual and interspecies variability.
Effect of repaglinide versus glimepiride on daily blood glucose variability and changes in blood inflammatory and oxidative stress markers.
Plasma vitamin B12, methylmalonic acid and heart rate variability in healthy young Indian adults.
Hair calcium concentration is associated with calcium intake and bone mineral density.
Validation of blood phosphatidylethanol as an alcohol consumption biomarker in patients with chronic liver disease.
Processed meat intake is unfavorably and fish intake favorably associated with semen quality indicators among men attending a fertility clinic.
Effect of dietary intake of avocado oil and olive oil on biochemical markers of liver function in sucrose-fed rats.
Determination des metabolites monoester de butylbenzyl-phthalate (bbp) par gcms dans les urines de personnes exposees: analysis of the monoester metabolites of butylbenzyl phthalate by gc-ms in urine of exposed workers.
The effects of a 6-month resistance training and dried plum consumption intervention on strength, body composition, blood markers of bone turnover, and inflammation in breast cancer survivors.
"Intrinsic" elimination rate and dietary intake estimates for selected indicator PCBs: toxicokinetic modeling using serial sampling data in US subjects, 2005-2010.
Failure of a dietary model to affect markers of inflammation in domestic cats.
Cognitive impairment in coeliac disease improves on a gluten-free diet and correlates with histological and serological indices of disease severity.
Urinary isoflavonoid excretion as a biomarker of dietary soy intake during two randomized soy trials.
Serum osteocalcin is associated with dietary vitamin D, body weight and serum magnesium in postmenopausal women with and without significant coronary artery disease.
Medium-term variability of the human serum metabolome in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Effect of concentrate level on feeding behavior and rumen and blood parameters in dairy goats: relationships between behavioral and physiological parameters and effect of between-animal variability.
Development of an experimental diet model in rats to study hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance, markers for coronary heart disease.
Effect of high-fat diet upon inflammatory markers and aortic stiffening in mice.
Effect of dietary sodium nitrate consumption on egg production, egg quality characteristics and some blood indices in native hens of west azarbaijan province.
Comparison of essential fatty acid intakes and serum levels of inflammatory factors between asthmatic and healthy adults: a case- control study.
Evaluation of histopathologic and histomorphometric changes of testicular tissue and gonadotropin levels following consumption of methylphenidate in male mice.
Difference between 24-h diet recall and urine excretion for assessing population sodium and potassium intake in adults aged 18-39 y.
Considerations for powering a clinical proteomics study: Normal variability in the human plasma proteome.
Reliability and Validity of the King's Health Questionnaire for Male Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms in Taiwan.
Is Alcohol Consumption Associated with Male Urinary Incontinence?
How useful is aminolevulinic acid dehydratase as a marker of recent alcohol intake?
Effects of a Single Large Dose of Ethanol on Tissue Ascorbic Acid, Drug-Metabolizing Enzymes in the Liver, and Serum and Liver Lipids in Rats Fed with a PCB-containing Diet.
Biological variability of superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase in blood.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of an aqueous extract of the leaves of Sansevieria senegambica Baker on plasma lipid profile and atherogenic indices of rats fed egg yolk supplemented diet.
Nonthermal Plasma Chemical Processing of Bromomethane.
GC/MS method to quantify bioavailable phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity determination of plasma after acute coffee consumption in human volunteers.
Blood polymorphisms and morphological variability in Brazilian Indians.
Monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a review.
The effect of twice daily kiwifruit consumption on periodontal and systemic conditions before and after treatment: A randomized clinical trial.
