Antigens from human seminal plasma. Part III: studies on two new antigens from the tricholoracetic acid soluble fraction.
Levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in mothers' milk collected in Osaka Prefecture from 1969 to 1976.
Diet and serum cholesterol: do zero correlations negate the relationship?
Intraindividual relationships between serum protein binding of drugs in normal human subjects, patients with impaired renal function, and rats.
Reliability of a single urine culture in establishing diagnosis of asymptomatic bacteriuria in adult males.
Intra-individual variation in the concentrations of IgA, IgG, IgM, and complement component C3 in serum of a normal adult population.
Multiple gated cardiac blood pool imaging for left ventricular ejection fraction: validation of the technique and assessment of variability.
Oxygen consumption and recovery from surgical shock in rats: a comparison of the efficacy of different plasma substitutes.
Intra-individual variation in commonly analyzed serum constituents.
Formation of mono(ethylhexyl)phthalate from di(ethylhexyl)phthalate in human plasma stored in PVC bags and its presence in fractionated plasma proteins.
Reproducibility of regional cerebral blood flow measurements in acute severe head injury.
Quantitative analysis of steroid profiles from urine by capillary gas chromatography. I. Accuracy and reproducibility of the sample preparation.
Reproducibility, efficacy and methodology of mitogen-induced lymphocyte transformations by the whole blood assay.
Effects of a polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) on sleeping times, plasma corticosteroids, and testicular activity of white-footed mice.
Intra-individual variation of some serum constituents and its relevance to population-based reference ranges.
Interindividual differences in the effect of drugs on bilirubin plasma binding in newborn infants and in adults.
Dose-response relationships between amino acid intake and blood levels in newborn infants.
Reliability of salivary theophylline as a guide to plasma theophylline levels.
Chimpanzee simian-type blood groups: reproducibility of formerly described antisera and demonstration of new blood groups Oc and Pc1.
Variability of 24-hour urinary creatinine excretion by normal subjects.
Interindividual differences in chlorthalidone concentration in plasma and red cells of man after single and multiple doses.
Plasma protein variability in MZ twins.
Accelerated hypertension in the rat: relation between renin, renal vascular lesions, salt intake and blood pressure.
Complement consumption in fresh blood sera by double culture of Paramecium caudatum and Aerobacter cloacae compared with survival and stage of disease in some malignant tumors in man.
Reliability of chemical tests for fecal occult blood in hospitalized patients.
Lead in human scalp hair: some factors affecting its variability.
Di (2-ethylhexyl)phthalate content of plasma fractions prepared by low temperature ethanol (Cohn) fractionation.
The reliability of the measurement of plasma renin activity by radioimmunoassay.
Temporal relationships between dietary, plasma, hepatic, and adipose tissue lipids after short-term feeding of safflower oil to rats.
Correlation of selected serum constituents: 1. Inter-individual variation and analytical error.
Correlation between the plasma tryptophan to neutral amino acid ratio and protein intake in the self-selecting weanling rat.
Relation between individual differences in sexual behavior and plasma testosterone levels in the guinea pig.
Interlaboratory variability in determination of plasma antiepileptic drug concentrations.
Validation of a new quality of life questionnaire for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Assessment of PAH-exposure among coke oven workers.
Human and dog erythrocytes: relationship between cellular ATP levels, ATP consumption and potassium concentrations.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and the CYP1A1 restriction fragment length polymorphism.
Sensitivity of different bacterial assays in detecting mutagens in urine of humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Variability of the serum protein binding of theophylline in patients with asthma and cystic fibrosis.
Variability of serum levels for three oral 8-methoxypsoralen brands.
Selenium content of wheat for bread making in Scotland and the relationship between glutathione peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.9) levels in whole blood and bread consumption.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) ortho-quinone conjugate chemistry: kinetics of thiol addition to PAH ortho-quinones and structures of thioether adducts of naphthalene-1,2-dione.
Characterizing biological variability in livestock blood cholinesterase activity for biomonitoring organophosphate nerve agent exposure.
Relationship of catecholamine excretion to body size, obesity, and nutrient intake in middle-aged and elderly men.
Cigarette smoking related polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral mononuclear cells.
The effect of chloral hydrate and its metabolites, trichloroethanol and trichloroacetic acid, on bilirubin-albumin binding.
The variability of urinary protein and creatinine excretion in patients with gestational proteinuric hypertension.
Variability of serum bile acid concentrations over time in dairy cattle, and effect of feed deprivation on the variability.
Evaluation of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a coke production and a graphite electrode manufacturing plant: assessment of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a biological indicator of exposure.
Repeatability and reproducibility of egg counts of Schistosoma haematobium in urine.
The relationship of blood lactate concentrations, oxygen delivery and oxygen consumption in septic shock and the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Age and site variability of skin blood perfusion in the hairless mouse ear determined by laser Doppler flowmetry.
Predictions of energy intake and energy allowance of patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and their validity.
Striking variability of hepatic copper levels in fulminant hepatic failure.
Validation and reproducibility of bidirectional laser Doppler velocimetry for the measurement of retinal blood flow.
An examination of the time course from human dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to urinary elimination of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Obesity among Navajo adolescents. Relationship to dietary intake and blood pressure.
Evaluation of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene and thioethers in workers exposed to bitumen fumes.
The association between moderate alcoholic beverage consumption and serum estradiol and testosterone levels in normal postmenopausal women: relationship to the literature.
Reliability of urinary LH testing for planning of endometrial biopsies.
Reliability in the interpretation of the course of serum enzyme concentration changes in suspected acute myocardial infarction.
Inverse association of dietary calcium with systolic blood pressure in young children.
Measuring ethanol in blood and breath for legal purposes: variability between laboratories and between breath-test instruments.
Assessment of sun sensitivity by questionnaire: validity of items and formulation of a prediction rule.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon--DNA adducts in white blood cells from lung cancer patients: no correlation with adduct levels in lung.
Nutrient intake and biochemical markers of nutritional status during long-term follow-up after total and partial gastrectomy.
Human fibroblasts lacking trans-stilbene oxide active glutathione transferase exhibit increased cell death when exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Interactive effects of dietary levels of tryptophan and protein on voluntary feed intake and growth performance in pigs, in relation to plasma free amino acids and hypothalamic serotonin.
Variability and similarity of manual office and automated blood pressures.
Blood lipids: the relationship with alcohol intake, smoking, and body weight.
Intraindividual variation of beta 2-adrenergic receptors on mononuclear leukocytes and their relationships with endogenous plasma catecholamines in man.
Within-individual variation in serum cholesterol levels: association with DNA polymorphisms at the apolipoprotein B and AI-CIII-AIV loci in patients with peripheral arterial disease.
Cytogenetic analysis of peripheral blood lymphocytes in workers occupationally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Relationship between dietary factors and blood pressure in China. The Sino-Japan CARDIAC Cooperative Research Group.
Differential reduction of plasma cholesterol by the American Heart Association Phase 3 Diet in moderately hypercholesterolemic, premenopausal women with different body mass indexes.
A case-control study of nutrient status and invasive cervical cancer. I. Dietary indicators.
Nutritional considerations in the variability of plasma cholesterol measurements.
Determination of Mirex in human blood serum containing polychlorinated biphenyls by using packed column gas chromatography.
Fluid intake during an ultramarathon running race: relationship to plasma volume and serum sodium and potassium.
Urinary growth hormone excretion in 657 healthy children and adults: normal values, inter- and intraindividual variations.
In vitro hydrolysis of RR,SS-threo-methylphenidate by blood esterases--differential and enantioselective interspecies variability.
Lipid composition and peroxide levels of mucosal cells in the rat large intestine in relation to dietary fat.
Relationship between dietary cations and blood pressure.
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in blood of Wisconsin sport fish consumers.
Comparison of three species of dietary fish: effects on serum concentrations of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein in normotriglyceridemic subjects.
Human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in Greater New Bedford, Massachusetts: a prevalence study.
Lack of a relationship between induced changes in oxygen consumption and changes in lactate levels.
PAH extraction and estimation of plasma flow in diseased human kidneys.
Inverse relation between iodine intake and thyroid blood flow: color Doppler flow imaging in euthyroid humans.
Low-level chemiluminescence from Drosophila melanogaster fed with chemical mutagens polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon quinones and a carcinogenic bracken fern.
The formation of heart DNA adducts in F344 rat following dietary administration of heterocyclic amines.
Short-term moderate-dose pelvic radiotherapy of advanced bladder carcinoma. A questionnaire-based evaluation of its symptomatic effect.
Urinary nitrate excretion in relation to murine macrophage activation. Influence of dietary L-arginine and oral NG-monomethyl-L-arginine.
Studies of whole blood associated acetaldehyde as a marker for alcohol intake: effect of gender in mice.
Methodological error and spatial variability of organ blood flow measurements using radiolabeled microspheres.
Inverse relation between plasma inorganic phosphate and phospholipids in mice: effect of dietary inorganic phosphate, fasting and glucagon.
Relationship between serum cholesterol and thromboxane B2 levels and atherosclerotic lesions in rabbits fed a high cholesterol diet.
Use of reference pools to compare the qualitative and quantitative determination of polychlorinated biphenyls by packed and capillary gas chromatography with electron capture detection. Part 1. Serum.
Evaluation of branched-chain amino acid intake in children with maple syrup urine disease and methylmalonic aciduria.
Interobserver variability in the interpretation of contrast venography, technetium-99m red blood cell venography and impedance plethysmography for deep vein thrombosis.
Predictability and intraindividual variability of serum theophylline concentrations in patients with obstructive lung disease: 12-h versus 24-h dosing.
A comparative blinded study in miniature swine of whole blood-, hemoglobin-, platelet-, plasma-, and lymphocyte-associated acetaldehyde as markers for ethanol intake.
Potassium and calcium intake, excretion, and homeostasis in blacks, and their relation to blood pressure.
Reduction of plasma cholesterol levels in normal men on an American Heart Association Step 1 diet or a Step 1 diet with added monounsaturated fat.
Correlations of dietary intake and blood nutrient levels with esophageal cancer mortality in China.
Reliability and validity of a continuous incremental treadmill protocol for the determination of lactate threshold, fixed blood lactate concentrations, and VO2max.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator of human exposure to ambient polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a coal-burning environment.
Species, diet, and gender differences in plasma postheparin lipolytic activities in nonhuman primates. Relationships with plasma lipids and high density lipoproteins.
Relationship between intraindividual variation of the saliva/plasma- and of the arteriovenous concentration ratio as demonstrated by the administration of caffeine.
Does "susceptibility" explain the weak epidemiological relationship between dietary sodium and blood pressure?
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in adipose tissue lipid and serum of past and present transformer repair workers and a comparison group.
The relationship between serum lipid levels and nutrient intake in healthy inhabitants of urban and rural Shanghai.
Derivative fluorescence spectral analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta.
Correlation between niacin equivalent intake and urinary excretion of its metabolites, N'-methylnicotinamide, N'-methyl-2-pyridone-5-carboxamide, and N'-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide, in humans consuming a self-selected food.
Influence of age, posture and intra-individual variation on plasma levels of atrial natriuretic peptide.
Studies of safe maximal daily dietary Se-intake in a seleniferous area in China. Part II: Relation between Se-intake and the manifestation of clinical signs and certain biochemical alterations in blood and urine.
Dietary fish oils increase serum lipids in insulin-dependent diabetics compared with healthy controls.
Gas chromatographic determination of polychlorinated biphenyls (as Aroclor 1254) in serum: collaborative study.
Intra- and interindividual variability in the free fraction of cyclosporine in plasma in recipients of renal transplants.
Experience with portable ultrasound equipment and measurement of urine volumes: inter-user reliability and factors of patient position.
Antipsoriatic effect of local corticosteroids--O2-consumption and blood flow measurements compared to clinical parameters.
Variability of serum phenytoin concentrations in nursing home patients.
Reproducibility of the indirect immunobead assay for detecting sperm antibodies in serum.
Individual variability of amiodarone distribution in plasma and erythrocytes: implications for therapeutic monitoring.
Reproducibility of urinary 3-methylhistidine excretion in human subjects consuming freely selected diets.
Reliability of white blood cell counting.
Correlation between the DNA damage in urinary bladder epithelium and the urinary 2-phenyl-1,4-benzoquinone levels from F344 rats fed sodium o-phenylphenate in the diet.
Tobacco smoking, coffee, cocoa and tea consumption in relation to mortality from urinary bladder cancer in Italy.
Change in blood pressure in relation to change in nutrients effected by manipulation of dietary sodium and potassium.
Phosphorylation of specific rat plasma membrane proteins during promotion of gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase-positive hepatic foci and inhibition by di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Serum ferritin as a marker of alcohol consumption in working men.
Relationship of increased food intake and plasma ACTH levels to 5-HT1A receptor activation in rats.
Comparison of variability of urinary sodium, potassium, and calcium in free-living men.
Relationship of vitamin A and vitamin E intake to fasting plasma retinol, retinol-binding protein, retinyl esters, carotene, alpha-tocopherol, and cholesterol among elderly people and young adults: increased plasma retinyl esters among vitamin A-supplement users.
Fatty acid composition of serum cholesteryl esters and erythrocyte membranes as indicators of linoleic acid intake in man.
Atrial natriuretic peptides: reproducibility of renal effects and response of liver blood flow.
Fluorescence line narrowing-nonphotochemical hole burning spectrometry: femtomole detection and high selectivity for intact DNA-PAH adducts.
Polybrominated biphenyls in model and environmentally contaminated human blood: protein binding and immunotoxicological studies.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls and lipemia on serum analytes.
Effect of polybrominated biphenyls on the growth and maturation of human peripheral blood lymphocytes.
Controlled evaluation of fat intake in the Mediterranean diet: comparative activities of olive oil and corn oil on plasma lipids and platelets in high-risk patients.
Urinary levels of estrone sulfate and 11-ketotetranor prostaglandin F metabolite in pregnant guinea pigs given Clophen A50 (polychlorinated biphenyls).
The association of dietary fat with serum cholesterol in vegetarians: the effect of dietary assessment on the correlation coefficient.
Dietary fat in relation to fatty acid composition of red cells and adipose tissue in colorectal cancer.
Associations of alcohol consumption with plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol and its major subfractions: the Caerphilly and Speedwell Collaborative Heart Disease Studies.
The association between blood pressure, age, and dietary sodium and potassium: a population study.
Daily variability of umbilical and lateral uterine wall artery blood velocity waveform measurements.
Regional blood flows by the microsphere method: reproducibility in portal hypertensive rats and influence of a portal vein catheter.
Variability gene effect on cholesterol at the Kidd blood group locus.
Underestimation of dose--response relationship with particular reference to the relationship between the dietary intake of mercury and its concentration in blood.
Detection and characterization of human serum antibodies to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol-epoxide DNA adducts.
The relationship between dietary fat, adipose tissue composition, and neoplasms of the breast.
Exercise and brain catecholamine relationships with brown adipose tissue and whole-body oxygen consumption in rats.
Association of food frequency questionnaire estimates of vitamin A intake with serum vitamin A levels.
Comparison of dietary casein or soy protein effects on plasma lipids and hormone concentrations in the gerbil (Meriones unguiculatus).
Loss of spontaneous variability of fingertip anastomotic blood flow in diabetic autonomic neuropathy.
Compared effects of a low and a high sodium diet on the renal and urinary concentration and activity of kallikrein in normal rats.
Taurine concentrations in the diet, plasma, urine and breast milk of vegans compared with omnivores.
Interdependence of associations of physical activity, smoking, and alcohol and coffee consumption with serum high-density lipoprotein and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol--a population study in eastern Finland.
Relationship between blood lead concentrations and dietary lead intake in infants: the Glasgow Duplicate Diet Study 1979-1980.
Skin capillary blood cell velocity in man. Characteristics and reproducibility of the reactive hyperemia response.
Lack of an association between calcium intake and blood pressure in postmenopausal women.
Toxicity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. II. Effect of NO2-nitrated phenanthrene and pyrene on blood chemistry in rats.
Reliability of urinary pregnancy tests in the diagnosis of ectopic pregnancy.
Relation between protein intake, plasma valine, and insulin secretion during early infancy.
Association of blood pressure and PCB level in yusho patients.
Comparability and precision of serum PCB measurements.
Oral dosing of rats with polychlorinated biphenyls increases urinary homovanillic acid production.
Polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in the blood plasma of a selected sample of non-occupationally exposed southern California working adults.
Effects of exposure to salty drinking water in an Arizona community. Cardiovascular mortality, hypertension prevalence, and relationships between blood pressure and sodium intake.
Sister chromatid exchange (SCE) in Greenlandic Eskimos. Dose-response relationship between SCE and seal diet, smoking, and blood cadmium and mercury concentrations.
Relationship between dietary and plasma copper levels of pregnant Nigerian women.
Trace elements (copper, zinc, manganese, and selenium) in plasma and erythrocytes in relation to dietary intake during infancy.
Reliability of urinary creatinine as a parameter used to adjust values of urinary biological indicators.
Effect of castration on the experimental renal hypertension of the rat. Blood pressure, nephrosclerosis, long-chain fatty acids, and N-acetylation of PAH in the kidney.
Reproducibility of oxprenolol plasma concentrations in young female volunteers following oral administration of an oxprenolol Oros dosage form.
Variability of plasma lipids and lipoproteins: the Jerusalem Lipid Research Clinic Study.
Reliability of progesterone measurements in urine.
Relationships among dietary lipid intake, serum cholesterol and ovarian function in Holstein heifers.
Exposure of newborn infants to plasticizers. Plasma levels of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate during exchange transfusion.
Variability of fentanyl pharmacokinetics in man. Computer predicted plasma concentrations for three intravenous dosage regimens.
Relationship between nutritional status, dietary intake patterns and plasma lipoprotein concentrations in rural black South Africans.
1-hydroxypyrene in human urine after exposure to coal tar and a coal tar derived product.
Identification of the metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in urine from the African green monkey.
Correlations of serum lipids and lipoproteins with gamma-glutamyltransferase and attitude to alcohol consumption.
Comparison of blood pressure, sodium intake, and other variables in offspring with and without a family history of high blood pressure.
Consistent parallel relationships among myocardial oxygen consumption, coronary blood flow, and pericardial infusate adenosine concentration with various interventions and beta-blockade in the dog.
Evaluation of serum gamma-glutamyl transferase as a screening method for excessive alcohol consumption during pregnancy.
Variability of hematocrit value, blood serum beta- and gamma-globulin level and body weight in different transferrin genotypes of common vole (Microtus arvalis, Pallas 1779) from natural population.
Distribution of polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) among fractions derived from contaminated human plasma.
Choline and PAH transport across blood-CSF barriers: the effect of lithium.
Effects of polybrominated biphenyls on the concentration and clearance of steroids from blood.
Association of plasma 5'-nucleotidase and alkaline phosphatase with production traits in chickens: genetic and phenotypic variability.
Reproducibility of insulin dosage on consecutive days of blood glucose control by an artificial beta-cell in brittle diabetic patients.
Plasma hormones (arginine vasotocin, prolactin, aldosterone, and corticosterone) in relation to hydration state, NaCl intake, and egg laying in fowls.
Analysis of reproducibility and sensitivity of atraumatic measurements of regional cerebral blood flow in cerebrovascular diseases.
Reliability of antiarrhythmic drug plasma concentration monitoring.
Personal exposure to volatile organic compounds. I. Direct measurements in breathing-zone air, drinking water, food, and exhaled breath.
High-performance liquid chromatographic procedure for the determination of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in human blood specimens. Problems of variable-extraction yield and the use of standard addition for calibration.
Urinary malondialdehyde as an indicator of lipid peroxidation in the diet and in the tissues.
Urinary 3-methylhistidine derivative as indicator of nutrients intake in low-birth-weight infants.
Estimation of tris(2-butoxyethyl) phosphate in biological fluids: novel intersubject variability in recovery from human serum.
Validation of a dietary questionnaire with plasma carotenoid and alpha-tocopherol levels.
Reproducibility of standard preparation in digoxin radioimmunoassay in plasma and serum.
Evidence for PAH extraction from superficial cortical efferent vessel plasma.
Measurements of coronary plasma and pericardial infusate adenosine concentrations during exercise in conscious dog: relationship to myocardial oxygen consumption and coronary blood flow.
Do the MN and Jk systems influence environmental variability in serum lipid levels?
The relationship between dietary intake of choline, choline serum levels, and cognitive function in healthy elderly persons.
Cigarette smoking, physical activity, and alcohol consumption: relationship to blood lipids and lipoproteins in premenopausal females.
Effect of colostrum intake on metabolic rate and plasma glucose in the neonatal pig in relation to environmental temperature.
Relation of alcohol and cigarette consumption to blood pressure and serum creatinine levels.
Distribution of enzymes involved in metabolism of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among rat liver endomembranes and plasma membranes.
Long-term variability in serum thyroglobulin and thyroid related hormones in healthy subjects.
Effect of dietary quality of protein on liver microsomal mixed function oxidase system, plasma cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
Occupational exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in electrical workers. I. Environmental and blood polychlorinated biphenyls concentrations.
Association of blood pressure and polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Effect of dietary level of ascorbic acid on the growth, hepatic lipid peroxidation, and serum lipids in guinea pigs fed polychlorinated biphenyls.
Determination of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by analysis of human urine.
Reproducibility of saliva and plasma theophylline levels following single dose administration of two sustained release preparations.
The reliability of electrolyte measurements in plasma.
Evidence for an inhibitor of renal urate and PAH secretion in rabbit blood.
Relationship between acid secretion and blood flow in the canine stomach: role of oxygen consumption.
Prevention of leakage of Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate from blood bags by glow discharge treatment and its effect on aggregability of stored platelets.
Serum D-xylose absorption tests: reproducibility and diagnostic usefulness in food-induced enterocolitis.
Variability in generation of anti-sheep erythrocyte plaque-forming cells from cultures of human peripheral blood. Influence of monocytes.
The variability of blood group antigens in gastric carcinoma as demonstrated by the immunoperoxidase technique.
Dietary lipids and serum cholesterol level: change in diet confounds the cross-sectional association.
Reproducibility and quality assurance of two-dimensional gel electrophoresis of serum specimens.
Variability in urinary mercury excretion.
Retest reliability of plasma cholesterol and triglyceride. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
The influence of tetrachloromethane on subcellular structures of rat hepatocyte lysosomal and cytoplasmic enzymes of the liver, lungs and blood serum of rats during continuous and intermittent action of tetrachloromethane.
Relationship of serum immunoreactive somatomedin-C to dietary protein and energy in growing rats.
Blood pressure of Qash'qai pastoral nomads in Iran in relation to culture, diet, and body form.
Effect of analytical variability on measurements of population blood lead levels.
Correlation of local blood flow, glucose consumption and probability of necrosis following a middle cerebral artery occlusion in the cat.
Influence of copper supplementation on the relationship between dietary methionine and free plasma methionine.
Variability of plasma hydralazine concentrations in male hypertensive patients.
Variability of total cholesterol concentrations in serum by repeated measurements in a large pediatric population--limitations of quality controls for laboratory analyses.
Genetic variability of proteins from plasma membranes and cytosols of mouse organs.
A mathematical relationship between the fatty acid composition of the diet and that of the adipose tissue in man.
Measurement of renal clearance of inulin and PAH in the steady state without urine collection.
The association of plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol with dietary intake and alcohol consumption. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
A comparison of the effects of dietary short and long chain saturated fatty acids on platelet functions, platelet phospholipids, and blood coagulation in rats.
Variability in unconjugated and total estriol in serum during normal third trimester pregnancy.
Variability of hydrostatic hepatic vein and ascitic fluid pressure, and of plasma and ascitic fluid colloid osmotic pressure in patients with liver cirrhosis.
Comparison of energy and nutrient intakes in women with high and low blood pressure levels.
Reproducibility of serum haptoglobin profiles in mice with transplanted tumors.
Variability of ethanol absorption and breath concentrations during a large-scale alcohol administration study.
Frequency of consumption of selected indicator foods and serum cholesterol. GISSI-EFRIM investigators. Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto--Epidemiologia dei Fattori di Rischio dell'Infarto Miocardico.
Assessment of occupational exposure to diesel exhaust. The use of an immunoassay for the determination of urinary metabolites of nitroarenes and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in oral mucosa cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
The impact of glutathione s-transferase M1 and cytochrome P450 1A1 genotypes on white-blood-cell polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in humans.
The reliability and repeatability of the blood glucose response to prolonged exercise in adolescent boys with IDDM.
Variability in adaptive response to low dose radiation in human blood lymphocytes: consistent results from chromosome aberrations and micronuclei.
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins and its effect on neonatal neurological development.
Ambient, biological, and biological effect monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
High consumption of fatty fish from the Baltic Sea is associated with changes in human lymphocyte subset levels.
Prognostic markers for diet-induced weight loss in obese women.
Reproducibility of Doppler measurements of blood flow velocity in the uterine and ovarian arteries in premenopausal women.
Analysis of trichloroacetic acid in the urine of workers occupationally exposed to trichloroethylene by capillary gas chromatography.
Short- and long-term repeatability of fatty acid composition of human plasma phospholipids and cholesterol esters. The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study Investigators.
Biological markers in PAH exposed workers and controls.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene in volunteers exposed to pyrene by the oral and dermal route.
Patterns of 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in volunteers exposed to pyrene by the dermal route.
Background urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in non-occupationally exposed individuals in the Province of Québec, Canada, and comparison with its excretion in workers exposed to PAH mixtures.
Molecular dosimetry of DNA damage induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; relevance for exposure monitoring and risk assessment.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene: a biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in coal liquefaction workers.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and the risk of bladder cancer: a French case-control study.
Determinants of blood glucose variability in adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure damage using different methods in laboratory animals.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in biotic matrices using gas chromatography--microwave-induced plasma atomic emission spectrometry.
Erythrocyte levels compared with reported dietary intake of marine n-3 fatty acids in pregnant women.
Half-life of polybrominated biphenyl in human sera.
Congener specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in serum using GC/MSD.
Iron and zinc nutriture of premenopausal women: associations of diet with serum ferritin and plasma zinc disappearance and of serum ferritin with plasma zinc and plasma zinc disappearance.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the sera of mothers and children from Michigan farms with PCB-contaminated silos.
The reliability of the mean normal prothrombin time of fresh plasmas and of the normal value from a lyophilized 'normal' plasma in prothrombin ratio determination.
Viral variability and serum antibody response in a laboratory worker infected with HIV type 1 (HTLV type IIIB).
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and other markers of high alcohol consumption: a study of 502 patients admitted consecutively to a medical department.
Acute effect of low-calorie and low-carbohydrate diet on serum triiodothyronine-response to glucose ingestion and its relation to glucose tolerance.
Glutathione disulfide variability in normal human blood.
Adenomas induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in strain A/J mouse lung correlate with time-integrated DNA adduct levels.
Interlaboratory/intermethod differences in functional sensitivity of immunometric assays of thyrotropin (TSH) and impact on reliability of measurement of subnormal concentrations of TSH.
Relationship of alcohol consumption and smoking to plasma cortisol and blood pressure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA and protein adducts in coal tar treated patients and controls and their relationship to glutathione S-transferase genotype.
Species differences in metabolism of heterocyclic aromatic amines, human exposure, and biomonitoring.
Correlation between plasma fibrinogen and serum lipids in rats with hyperlipidemia induced by cholesterol free-high fructose or high cholesterol diet.
Blood serum levels of PCDFs and PCBs in Yu-Cheng children peri-natally exposed to a toxic rice oil.
Biomarkers of dietary fat composition in young adults with a parental history of premature coronary heart disease compared with controls. The EARS Study.
Improved procedure for the high-performance liquid chromatographic determination of monohydroxylated PAH metabolites in urine.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intake.
Carcinogen-DNA adducts and gene mutation in foundry workers with low-level exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Weighted serum pools in comparison to the trapezoidal rule for estimating AUCs for ethinyl estradiol. The relationship of the variance of the determination to the interindividual variance.
Exposure to mixtures and congeners of polychlorinated biphenyls.
Variability of arterial blood gas values over time in stable medical ICU patients.
Humoral immunosuppression in men exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and related carcinogens in polluted environments.
Heart rate variability and circulating catecholamine concentrations during steady state exercise in healthy volunteers.
Reduction of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons due to improved hygienic skin protective measures.
Impact of dietary folic acid on reduced folates in mouse plasma and tissues. Relationship to dideazatetrahydrofolate sensitivity.
Effect of glutathione depletion and inhibition of glucuronidation and sulfation on 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) metabolism, PhIP-DNA adduct formation and unscheduled DNA synthesis in primary rat hepatocytes.
Variability of response to atrial natriuretic peptide and sodium nitroprusside in cultured vascular smooth muscle cells from three blood vessels.
Intracellular ionic consequences of dietary salt loading in essential hypertension. Relation to blood pressure and effects of calcium channel blockade.
Effect of methanol or modifications of the hepatic glutathione concentration on the metabolism of dichloromethane to carbon monoxide in rats.
Association between blood polychlorinated biphenyl concentration and serum triglyceride level in chronic "Yusho" (polychlorinated biphenyl poisoning) patients.
Low-fat, high-fiber diet favorably affects several independent risk markers of ischemic heart disease: observations on blood lipids, coagulation, and fibrinolysis from a trial of middle-aged Danes.
Serum lipid changes associated with modified protein diets: results from the feasibility phase of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study.
Dietary glutathione intake in humans and the relationship between intake and plasma total glutathione level.
Biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon in an electrode paste plant.
Long-term effects of Aroclor 1254 (PCBs) on plasma lipid and carnitine concentrations in rhesus monkey.
Biological monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of people.
Reliability of serum prolactin measurements in women.
Variability of blood lead levels in an urban population in relation to drinking and smoking habits.
Within-subject variation of elastase/alpha 1-protease inhibitor complexes and lactoferrin in plasma.
Prune fiber or pectin compared with cellulose lowers plasma and liver lipids in rats with diet-induced hyperlipidemia.
Parathyroid hypertensive factor-like activity in human essential hypertension: relationship to plasma renin activity and dietary salt sensitivity.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human lung.
Relationship of physical activity, body fat, diet, and blood lipid profile in youths 10-15 yr.
Increased sensitivity for determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human DNA samples by dissociation-enhanced lanthanide fluoroimmunoassay (DELFIA).
Antibodies to carcinogen-DNA adducts in mice chronically exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Expression of mammalian glutathione S-transferase 5-5 in Salmonella typhimurium TA1535 leads to base-pair mutations upon exposure to dihalomethanes.
Relative and biomarker-based validity of a food-frequency questionnaire estimating intake of fats and cholesterol.
Simple relationships exist between dietary linoleate and the n-6 fatty acids of human neutrophils and plasma.
Adipose tissue fatty acids and dietary fat sources in relation to endometrial cancer: a retrospective study of cases in remission, and population-based controls.
Genetic variation associated with differences in the response of plasma apolipoprotein B levels to dietary fibre.
Relationship between dietary protein intake and serum urea, uric acid and creatinine, and 24-hour urinary creatinine excretion: the BIRNH Study.
Environmental exposure and lifestyle predictors of lead, cadmium, PCB, and DDT levels in Great Lakes fish eaters.
Reliability of regional cerebral blood flow activation to cognitive tasks in elderly normal subjects.
Relationship of fluid intake to voluntary micturition and urinary incontinence in geriatric patients.
Variability of coronary blood flow reserve assessed by Doppler catheter after successful thrombolysis in patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Egg viability in urinary schistosomiasis. III. Repeatability and reproducibility of new methods.
Effects of perinatal exposure to specific PCB congeners on thyroid hormone concentrations and thyroid histology in the rat.
The relationship between coffee consumption and serum cholesterol under consideration of smoking history.
Fatty acid composition of serum lipid fractions in relation to gender and quality of dietary fat.
Reproducibility of computed tomography measurement of visceral adipose tissue area.
Reproducibility of plasma hormone levels in postmenopausal women over a 2-3-year period.
Family history of alcoholism and the mediation of alcohol intake by catalase: further evidence for catalase as a marker of the propensity to ingest alcohol.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol abuse: relationship to alcohol consumption, severity of liver disease, and fibrogenesis.
Occupational exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in a magnesium production plant.
Low-fat diets do not lower plasma cholesterol levels in healthy men compared to high-fat diets with similar fatty acid composition at constant caloric intake.
Mechanistic linkage between DNA adducts, mutations in oncogenes and tumorigenesis of carcinogenic environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in strain A/J mice.
The role of DDE and polychlorinated biphenyl levels in preterm birth.
Selective retention of hydroxylated PCB metabolites in blood.
Effects of a diet low in copper on copper-status indicators in postmenopausal women.
A rapid and simple method for the analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide: a potential biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Occupational and environmental lead and PCB exposure at a scrap metal dealer.
Association of dietary factors and selected plasma variables with sex hormone-binding globulin in rural Chinese women.
Determination of cyclophosphamide metabolites by gas chromatography and thermionic specific detection. Interindividual differences in hepatic biotransformation of cyclophosphamide in man in vitro.
Low copy number and limited variability of proviral DNA in alveolar macrophages from HIV-1-infected patients: evidence for genetic differences in HIV-1 between lung and blood macrophage populations.
Relationship of diet, abdominal obesity, and physical activity to plasma lipoprotein levels in Asian Indian physicians residing in the United States.
Alterations in rat brain thyroid hormone status following pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (Aroclor 1254).
Population distributions and intralaboratory reproducibility for fat-soluble vitamin-related compounds in human serum.
A urinary marker of alcohol intake.
Moderate alcohol consumption and its relation to visceral fat and plasma androgens in healthy women.
The relationship of blood lead and dietary calcium to blood pressure in the normative aging study.
Longitudinal comparison of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and gamma-glutamyl transferase: complementary markers of excessive alcohol consumption.
Variability of brain lithium levels during maintenance treatment: a magnetic resonance spectroscopy study.
Echo-Doppler measurements of portal vein and superior mesenteric artery blood flow in humans: inter- and intra-observer short-term reproducibility.
Relationship between blood lead and dietary iron intake in preschool children. A cross-sectional study.
Endogenous methanol: variability in concentration and rate of production. Evidence of a deep compartment?
Intellectual impairment in children exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls in utero.
Relationships between depressive symptoms, anxiety, alcohol consumption, and blood pressure: results from the CARDIA Study. Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study.
Intraindividual variability in red blood cell thiopurine methyltransferase activity.
Nefazodone pharmacokinetics: assessment of nonlinearity, intra-subject variability and time to attain steady-state plasma concentrations after dose escalation and de-escalation.
Sex differences in macular pigment optical density: relation to plasma carotenoid concentrations and dietary patterns.
Marked intra- and inter-patient variability of itraconazole steady state plasma concentrations.
Variability of molecular biomarker measurements from nonlinear calibration curves.
Daily rhythm of NaCl intake in rats fed low-Ca2+ diet: relation to plasma and urinary minerals and hormones.
The correlation between the intake of lutein, lycopene and beta-carotene from vegetables and fruits, and blood plasma concentrations in a group of women aged 50-65 years in the UK.
PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in human blood in relation to consumption of crabs from a contaminated Fjord area in Norway.
Alcohol dependence: is carbohydrate-deficient transferrin a marker for alcohol intake?
Effects of four trihalomethanes on DNA strand breaks, renal hyaline droplet formation and serum testosterone in male F-344 rats.
Serum vitamin A in relation to socio-economic, demographic and dietary characteristics in Bangladeshi children.
Serum and ascitic levels of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis: relation to biochemical markers of disease activity and alcohol intake.
The role of socioeconomic status and serum fatty acids in the relationship between intake of animal foods and cardiovascular risk factors.
Variability in hepatic iron concentration measurement from needle-biopsy specimens.
Forearm blood flow by Doppler ultrasound during test and exercise: tests of day-to-day repeatability.
Responsiveness of rat nonparenchymal liver cells and spleen cells to the decomposition of erythrocytes exposed to di-n-butyl phthalate and its metabolite.
Evaluation of the sympathetic nervous system using heart rate variability and plasma hormones in hypertensive patients treated with cilazapril and atenolol.
Serum carotenoid concentrations and their reproducibility in children in Belize.
Biological variability in serum vitamin E concentrations: relation to serum lipids.
Effect of a vegan diet on biomarkers of chemoprevention in females.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, a PAH biomarker in foundry workers.
First data on background levels of non-ortho and mono-ortho PCBs in blood of residents from southern Germany.
Variability of the blood/breath alcohol ratio in drinking drivers.
Levels of PCDD/PCDF in blood fat as indices of the PCDD/PCDF body burden in humans.
Biomarkers of essential fatty acid consumption and risk of prostatic carcinoma.
Reliability and validity of serum sex hormone measurements.
Detection of PCB adducts by the 32P-postlabeling technique.
Relationship between serum lipids and dietary and non-dietary factors in a Chinese population.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), nitro-PAHs and related environmental compounds: biological markers of exposure and effects.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in urine as biomarkers of exposure and effect.
Variability in zidovudine serum concentrations.
Serum lipid profile in relation to milk consumption in a Japanese population.
Urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin cycle-to-cycle variability.
Relation of changes in dietary lipids and weight, trial years 1-6, to changes in blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Relation of body mass and alcohol, nutrient, fiber, and caffeine intakes to blood pressure in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol following acute ethanol consumption: clinical evaluation and potential aviation applications.
Uraemic pruritus and exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in haemodialysis patients.
Urinary biochemical markers of dietary intake in the INTERSALT study.
Indexes of food and nutrient intakes as predictors of serum concentrations of nutrients: the problem of inadequate discriminant validity. The Polyp Prevention Trial Study Group.
Evaluation of differential effects of carbohydrate and fat intake on weight gain, serum IGF-1 and erythrocyte Na+K+ATPase activity in suboptimal nutrition in rats.
Reducing saturated fat intake is associated with increased levels of LDL receptors on mononuclear cells in healthy men and women.
Association between salt intake, heart rate and blood pressure.
Monitoring of left ventricular ejection fraction with a miniature, nonimaging nuclear detector: accuracy and reliability over time with special reference to blood labeling.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a diet history questionnaire in Spain. III. Biochemical markers. EPIC Group of Spain. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Reproducibility and relative validity of an extensive semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire using dietary records and biochemical markers among Greek schoolteachers.
Intraindividual variability in bone markers in the urine.
Intra- and interindividual variation in urine osmolality and urine specific gravity in healthy pet dogs of various ages.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin: an investigative biochemical marker of heavy alcohol consumption.
Validity and reproducibility of electrical impedance tomography for measurement of calf blood flow in healthy subjects.
Determination of urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) for the risk assessment of PAH-exposed workers.
Immunoperoxidase quantitation of 4-aminobiphenyl- and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in exfoliated oral and urothelial cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
Enterohepatic recirculation of trichloroethanol glucuronide as a significant source of trichloroacetic acid. Metabolites of trichloroethylene.
Modelling the associations of BMI physical activity and diet with arterial blood pressure: some results from the Allied Dunbar National Fitness Survey.
Serum beta-carotene and vitamin C as biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intakes in a community-based sample of French adults.
Serum IgA, IgG, and IgM antibodies directed against acetaldehyde-derived epitopes: relationship to liver disease severity and alcohol consumption.
Using structural information to create physiologically based pharmacokinetic models for all polychlorinated biphenyls.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites are anti-estrogenic in a stably transfected human breast adenocarcinoma (MCF7) cell line.
Methods for routine biological monitoring of carcinogenic PAH-mixtures.
Assessment of environmental pollution by PCBs, DDT and its metabolites using human milk of mothers in Zimbabwe.
DNA adducts of heterocyclic amines: formation, removal and inhibition by dietary components.
Non-invasive blood glucose monitoring by means of near infrared spectroscopy: methods for improving the reliability of the calibration models.
The relationship between the dietary provision of alpha-tocopherol and the concentration of this vitamin in the semen of chicken: effects on lipid composition and susceptibility to peroxidation.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran levels and patterns in polyvinylchloride and chloralkali industry workers.
Characterization of intracellular calcium responses produced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in surface marker-defined human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in male patients with liver disease.
Relationship between ambulatory and resting blood pressure responses to dietary salt restriction in normotensive men.
Alveolar breath sampling and analysis to assess trihalomethane exposures during competitive swimming training.
Site-to-site variability of drug concentrations in skeletal muscle.
Effects of postnatal exposure to a PCB mixture in monkeys on nonspatial discrimination reversal and delayed alternation performance.
Thyrotropin and thyroglobulin as an index of optimal iodine intake: correlation with iodine excretion of 39,913 euthyroid patients.
The reproducibility of color Doppler duplex sonography in the measurement of renal arterial blood velocity.
Urine collection in the freely moving rat: reliability for measurement of short-term renal effects.
Determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and their metabolites in blood, feces, and urine of rats orally exposed to PAH contaminated soils.
Reliability of using random urine samples for "spot" determination of fractional excretion of electrolytes in cats.
Induction of germline-length mutations at the minisatellites PC-1 and PC-2 in male mice exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and diesel exhaust emissions.
Development and validation of the diabetes fear of injecting and self-testing questionnaire (D-FISQ): first findings.
Intestinal fatty acid-binding protein variation associated with variation in the response of plasma lipoproteins to dietary fibre.
Changes in vitamin B-6 status indicators of women fed a constant protein diet with varying levels of vitamin B-6.
Interrenal stress responsiveness of tilapia (Oreochromis mossambicus) is impaired by dietary exposure to PCB 126.
Comparison of a carbohydrate-rich diet and diets rich in stearic or palmitic acid in NIDDM patients. Effects on lipids, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure.
The reliability of self-reported blood in urine and schistosomiasis as indicators of Schistosoma haematobium infection in school children: a study in Muheza District, Tanzania.
Decreased serum total cholesterol concentration is associated with high intake of soy products in Japanese men and women.
Blood levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in the general population of a Spanish Mediterranean city.
Absence of DNA adduct formation by phenobarbital, polychlorinated biphenyls, and chlordane in mouse liver using the 32P-postlabeling assay.
Regenerative hyperplasia is not required for liver tumor induction in female B6C3F1 mice exposed to trihalomethanes.
Growth hormone-binding protein levels over one year in healthy prepubertal children: intraindividual variation and correlation with height velocity.
Components of variability in the systolic blood pressures of preschool children.
A urinary biomarker for uptake of dietary isothiocyanates in humans.
Temporal changes in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in coke-oven workers.
Serum caffeine and paraxanthine as markers for reported caffeine intake in pregnancy.
Fast screening method for the profile analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in urine using derivatisation--solid-phase microextraction.
Effect of additional questions about fat on the validity of fat estimates from a food frequency questionnaire. Study Group of MRS SWEA.
Correlation between plasma clozapine concentration and heart rate variability in schizophrenic patients.
Variability and determinants of total homocysteine concentrations in plasma in an elderly population.
Consumption of fatty fish from the Baltic Sea and PCB in whole venous blood, plasma and cord blood from delivering women in the Aland/Turku archipelago.
Specific determination of PAH and its N-acetyl metabolite by HPLC increases the accuracy and precision of PAH clearance measurements.
Relation of heart rate variability and serum lipoproteins in type 1 diabetes mellitus and chronic stable angina pectoris.
Objective assessment of smoking habits by urinary cotinine measurement in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes. Reliability of reported cigarette consumption and relationship to urinary albumin excretion.
Chemopreventive potential of thiol conjugates of isothiocyanates for lung cancer and a urinary biomarker of dietary isothiocyanates.
Estimation of the cumulated exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/furans and standardized mortality ratio analysis of cancer mortality by dose in an occupationally exposed cohort.
PCDD/PCDF indoor exposure in day-care centers and PCDD/PCDF blood concentrations of female employees.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyl levels in plasma from 42-month-old children.
Separation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites by gamma-cyclodextrin-modified micellar electrokinetic chromatography with laser-induced fluorescence detection.
The effect of dietary sodium intake on biochemical markers of bone metabolism in young women.
Biostat 1000 and Daugirdas blood-based hemodialysis quantification: agreement and reproducibility.
Contribution of renal nerves to renal blood flow variability during hemorrhage.
Effects of bulky polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon adducts on DNA replication by exonuclease-deficient T7 and T4 DNA polymerases.
Determinants of interindividual variation of renin and prorenin concentrations: evidence for a sexual dimorphism of (pro)renin levels in humans.
Plasma concentrations and urinary excretion of the antioxidant flavonols quercetin and kaempferol as biomarkers for dietary intake.
Response of several markers of bone collagen degradation to calcium supplementation in postmenopausal women with low calcium intake.
Reliability of the western ligand blot method for the simultaneous relative estimations of serum insulin-like growth factor binding proteins (IGFBPs).
A comparison of the effect of free access to reduced fat products or their full fat equivalents on food intake, body weight, blood lipids and fat-soluble antioxidants levels and haemostasis variables.
Differences and variability in plasma noradrenaline between depressive and anxiety disorders.
Blood and breath analyses as biological indicators of exposure to trihalomethanes in indoor swimming pools.
Effects of postnatal exposure of monkeys to a PCB mixture on spatial discrimination reversal and DRL performance.
Development and validation of an audit instrument: the Prostate Outcomes Questionnaire.
Relationship between blood antioxidants and occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coke oven workers.
Evaluation of a biological marker of dairy fat intake.
Enhanced responsiveness of blood pressure to sodium intake and to angiotensin II is associated with insulin resistance in IDDM patients with microalbuminuria.
Functional MRI studies of word-stem completion: reliability across laboratories and comparison to blood flow imaging with PET.
Measurement of blood volume using indocyanine green measured with pulse-spectrophotometry: its reproducibility and reliability.
The reduction in alcohol intake in rats by isoproterenol is attenuated by indomethacin but not enalapril: relationship to blood glucose levels.
Lack of suppressive effects of mixtures containing low levels of methylmercury (MeHg), polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDS), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFS), and aroclor biphenyls (PCBS) on mixed lymphocyte reaction, phagocytic, and natural killer cell activities of rat leukocytes in vitro.
Relation between dietary fiber consumption and fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1: The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Effects of dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on plasma amino acids and indices of protein metabolism in infants: results from a randomized clinical trial.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous administration of binary and ternary mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in rat.
Immunohistochemical demonstration of carcinogen-DNA adducts in tissues of rats given 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP): detection in paraffin-embedded sections and tissue distribution.
Localization of cytochrome P4501A1 and covalent binding of a mutagenic heterocyclic amine in blood vessel endothelia of rodents.
Contaminants in ospreys from the Pacific Northwest: I. Trends and patterns in polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and -dibenzofurans in eggs and plasma.
Decrease in the concentration of vitamin E in blood and tissues caused by di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, a commonly used plasticizer in blood storage bags and medical tubing.
DNA adduct formation in mammalian cell cultures by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and nitro-PAH in coke oven emission extract.
Variability of abdominal adipose tissue measurements using computed tomography in prepubertal girls.
Variability in repeated consecutive measurements of plasma human immunodeficiency virus RNA in persons receiving stable nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor therapy or no treatment.
Clustering of endothelial markers of vascular damage in human salt-sensitive hypertension: influence of dietary sodium load and depletion.
Serum eosinophil cationic protein: distribution and reproducibility in a randomly selected sample of men living in rural Norfolk, UK.
Time course of PCDD/PCDF/PCB concentrations in breast-feeding mothers and their infants.
Decrease in levels and body burden of dioxins, dibenzofurans, PCBS, DDE, and HCB in blood and milk in a mother nursing twins over a thirty-eight month period.
Variability of serum antibody responses of goat kids to a commercial Clostridium perfringens epsilon toxoid vaccine.
Phosphatidylethanol in blood as a marker of ethanol consumption in healthy volunteers: comparison with other markers.
Smoking, obesity, and hypertension alter the dose-response curve and test sensitivity of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol intake.
Increased lipid peroxidation of erythrocytes in blood stored in polyvinyl chloride blood storage bags plasticized with di-[2-ethyl hexyl] phthalate and effect of antioxidants.
Comparison of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin, immunoglobulin A antibodies reactive with acetaldehyde-modified protein and acetaldehyde-modified albumin with conventional markers of alcohol consumption.
Exposure estimates to disinfection by-products of chlorinated drinking water.
Pentadecanoic acid in serum as a marker for intake of milk fat: relations between intake of milk fat and metabolic risk factors.
Reproducibility and performance of the second-generation branched-DNA assay in routine quantification of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 RNA in plasma.
Carotenoid intakes, assessed by dietary questionnaire, are associated with plasma carotenoid concentrations in an elderly population.
Xanthine oxidase inhibition by allopurinol affects the reliability of urinary caffeine metabolic ratios as markers for N-acetyltransferase 2 and CYP1A2 activities.
Relationship of coffee consumption with serum lipids and lipoproteins in Japanese men.
Effects of dietary conjugated linoleic acid on DNA adduct formation of PhIP and IQ after bolus administration to female F344 rats.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: correlations between DNA adducts and ras oncogene mutations.
Intraindividual variations of DNA adduct levels in humans.
Lipoprotein(a) and dietary proteins: casein lowers lipoprotein(a) concentrations as compared with soy protein.
Exposure of hemodialysis patients to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Body burden levels of dioxin, furans, and PCBs among frequent consumers of Great Lakes sport fish. The Great Lakes Consortium.
Reliability and relative validity of fish consumption data obtained in an exposure assessment study among Montreal-area sportfishers.
Local fish consumption and serum PCB concentrations among Mohawk men at Akwesasne.
Dose-dependent inverse relationship between alcohol consumption and serum Lp(a) levels in black African males.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposures of children in low-income families.
Mitochondrial DNA in human hair shafts--existence of intra-individual differences?
Alterations in bovine serum biochemistry profiles associated with prolonged consumption of endophyte-infected tall fescue.
Lack of association between changes in plasma leptin concentration and in food intake during the menstrual cycle.
The long-term biological variability of fasting plasma glucose and serum fructosamine in healthy Beagle dogs.
Reproducibility of detection of tyrosinase and MART-1 transcripts in the peripheral blood of melanoma patients: a quality control study using real-time quantitative RT-PCR.
Study of diet, biomarkers and cancer risk in the United States, China and Costa Rica.
Day-to-day consistency in amount and source of carbohydrate intake associated with improved blood glucose control in type 1 diabetes.
Effects of intragenic variability at 3 polymorphic sites of the apolipoprotein B gene on serum lipids and lipoproteins in a multiethnic Asian population.
Plasma post-heparin lipase activities in the HERITAGE Family Study: the reproducibility, gender differences, and associations with lipoprotein levels. HEalth, RIsk factors, exercise Training and GEnetics.
Seasonal effect on airborne pyrene, urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, and benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-hemoglobin adducts in the general population.
Test-retest reliability of the cough stress test in the evaluation of urinary incontinence.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites by high-pressure liquid chromatography after purification on immunoaffinity columns in urine from occupationally exposed workers.
Relation between the intake of milk fat and the occurrence of conjugated linoleic acid in human adipose tissue.
Effects of high compared with low calcium intake on calcium absorption and incorporation of iron by red blood cells in small children.
Evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire with weighed records, fatty acids, and alpha-tocopherol in adipose tissue and serum.
Changes in the composition of erythrocyte membrane during storage of blood in di-(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate [DEHP] plasticized poly vinyl chloride (PVC) blood storage bags.
Relations between individual and neighborhood-based measures of socioeconomic position and bone lead concentrations among community-exposed men: the Normative Aging Study.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood serum by SPME.
Relationship between smoking, dietary intakes and plasma levels of vitamin E and beta-carotene in matched maternal-cord pairs.
Dietary intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids and indices of oxidative stress in human volunteers.
Investigation of some immunological functions in a group of asphalt workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Distribution of PCB congeners, DDE, hexachlorobenzene, and methylsulfonyl metabolites of PCB and DDE among various fractions of human blood plasma.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and levels of thyroid hormones in children.
Dietary fat and carbohydrates are independently associated with circulating insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 concentrations in healthy adults.
Within-person variation of plasma homocysteine and effects of posture and tourniquet application.
Comparison of three analytical methods for 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in urine after non-occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Automated column-switching high-performance liquid chromatography method for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Role of a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon bay region ring in modulating DNA adduct structure: the non-bay region (8S,9R,10S, 11R)-N(6)-[11-(8,9,10,11-tetrahydro-8,9, 10-trihydroxybenz[a]anthracenyl)]-2'-deoxyadenosyl adduct in codon 61 of the human N-ras protooncogene.
The oral nitrate and nitrite intake in The Netherlands: evaluation of the results obtained by HPIC analysis of duplicate 24-hour diet samples collected in 1994.
Plasma carotenoids are biomarkers of long-term high vegetable intake in women with breast cancer.
Correlation of alternative pathway (AP) lytic activity and AP-dependent neutrophil phagocytosis with factor B levels and consumption in serum.
The effect of coal stoves and environmental tobacco smoke on the level of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
The relation between levels of selected PCB congeners in human serum and follicular fluid.
Effect of increased vegetable and fruit consumption on markers of oxidative cellular damage.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood by solid-phase extraction including on-column lipid decomposition.
Effects of dietary protein type on oxidized cholesterol-induced alteration in age-related modulation of lipid metabolism and indices of immune function in rats.
Reproducibility of resting peripheral blood flow using strain gauge plethysmography.
Associations of fat and cholesterol intake with serum lipid levels and cardiovascular disease: the EURODIAB IDDM Complications Study.
Inositol hexakisphosphate in urine: the relationship between oral intake and urinary excretion.
Are postal questionnaire surveys of reported activity valid? An exploration using general practitioner management of hypertension in older people.
Time course and reproducibility of urinary excretion profiles of ethanol, methanol, and the ratio of serotonin metabolites after intravenous infusion of ethanol.
CYP2D6 inhibition by fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine in a crossover study: intraindividual variability and plasma concentration correlations.
Serum CTX: a new marker of bone resorption that shows treatment effect more often than other markers because of low coefficient of variability and large changes with bisphosphonate therapy.
Indole-3-carbinol as a chemopreventive agent in 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) carcinogenesis: inhibition of PhIP-DNA adduct formation, acceleration of PhIP metabolism, and induction of cytochrome P450 in female F344 rats.
Blood glucose and meal patterns in time-blinded males, after aspartame, carbohydrate, and fat consumption, in relation to sweetness perception.
Freezing method affects the concentration and variability of urine proteins and the interpretation of data on microalbuminuria. The Oxford Regional Prospective Study Group.
The blood spot thyrotropin method is not adequate to screen for hypothyroidism in the elderly living in abundant-iodine intake areas: comparison to sensitive thyrotropin measurements.
Risk of female breast cancer associated with serum polychlorinated biphenyls and 1,1-dichloro-2,2'-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene.
Association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in maternal and newborn white blood cells and glutathione S-transferase P1 and CYP1A1 polymorphisms.
The induction of hepatic microsomal UDP-glucuronosyltransferase by the methylsulfonyl metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in rats.
Polymorphisms of the GSTP1 and GSTM1 genes and PAH-DNA adducts in human mononuclear white blood cells.
Variability in methotrexate serum and cerebrospinal fluid pharmacokinetics in children with acute lymphocytic leukemia: relation to assay methodology and physiological variables.
Immunohistochemical detection of carcinogen-DNA adducts in normal human prostate tissues transplanted into the subcutis of athymic nude mice: results with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and 3,2'-dimethyl-4-aminobiphenyl (DMAB) and relation to cytochrome P450s and N-acetyltransferase activity.
Biological variability of serum and urinary N-telopeptides of type I collagen in postmenopausal women.
High genetic variability of the group-specific a-determinant of hepatitis B virus surface antigen (HBsAg) and the corresponding fragment of the viral polymerase in chronic virus carriers lacking detectable HBsAg in serum.
Morphine-induced suppression of saccharin intake is correlated with elevated corticosterone levels.
DNA adducts produced by oils, oil fractions and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in relation to repair processes and skin carcinogenesis.
Inverse association of soy product intake with serum androgen and estrogen concentrations in Japanese men.
Variability of relative blood volume during haemodialysis.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasound measurements of hindlimb blood flow in halothane anaesthetised horses.
Uptake of individual fatty acids into adipose tissue in relation to their presence in the diet.
Polymorphism of the tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor 2 gene is associated with obesity, leptin levels, and insulin resistance in young subjects and diet-treated type 2 diabetic patients.
The statistical variability of blood alcohol concentration measurements in drink-driving cases.
Uncoupling protein-2 and -3 messenger ribonucleic acids in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle of healthy males: variability, factors affecting expression, and relation to measures of metabolic rate.
Decrease of PCDD/F levels in human blood--trend analysis for the German population, 1991-1996.
Comparison of chemical-activated luciferase gene expression bioassay and gas chromatography for PCB determination in human serum and follicular fluid.
Evaluation of the short-form 36-item questionnaire to measure health-related quality of life in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Analysis and reliability of data from 24-hour frequency-volume charts in men with lower urinary tract symptoms due to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Reproducibility and use of low-concentration skin prick test.
Accuracy of plasma HIV RNA quantification: a multicentre study of variability.
UVA-Induced DNA single-strand cleavage by 1-hydroxypyrene and formation of covalent adducts between DNA and 1-hydroxypyrene.
Analysis of hydroxylated metabolites of PCBs (OH-PCBs) and other chlorinated phenolic compounds in whole blood from Canadian inuit.
Indoor exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and carbon monoxide in traditional houses in Burundi.
Oxygen consumption, blood lactate and inter-individual variation in the gulf killifish, Fundulus grandis, during hypoxia and recovery.
Under- and overreporting of energy intake using urinary cations as biomarkers: relation to body mass index.
Household exposures to drinking water disinfection by-products: whole blood trihalomethane levels.
Comparison of the effects of plant sterol ester and plant stanol ester-enriched margarines in lowering serum cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a low-fat diet.
The use of human ultralente is limited by great intraindividual variability in overnight plasma insulin profiles.
Induction of DNA adducts by several polychlorinated biphenyls.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in mouth floor and buccal mucosa cells of smokers and nonsmokers.
Feasibility of a novel blood noise reduction algorithm to enhance reproducibility of ultra-high-frequency intravascular ultrasound images.
Intake of soy products is associated with better plasma lipid profiles in the Hong Kong Chinese population.
Excretion of volatile nitrosamines in a rural population in relation to food and drinking water consumption.
Plasma copper concentration as marker of copper intake from food.
Diet-induced change in fatty acid composition of plasma triacylglycerols is not associated with change in glucagon-like peptide 1 or insulin sensitivity in people with type 2 diabetes.
Reproducibility of laser Doppler imaging of skin blood flow as a tool to assess endothelial function.
Potential hazards of exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate in babies. a review.
Variability in CD34+ cell counts in umbilical cord blood: implications for cord blood transplants.
Prediction of interindividual variation in drug plasma levels in vivo from individual enzyme kinetic data and physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling.
Does dietary protein intake correlate with markers suggestive of early diabetic nephropathy in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus?
Correlation between stellate cell activation and serum fibrosis markers in choline-deficient L-amino acid-defined diet-induced rat liver fibrosis.
Association between dietary patterns and plasma biomarkers of obesity and cardiovascular disease risk.
Clofibric acid or diethylmaleate supplemented diet decrease blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated male Sprague Dawley rats--relation with liver antioxidant status.
Utilization of umbilical cords to assess in utero exposure to persistent pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Plasma leptin and thyroxine of mink (Mustela vison) vary with gender, diet and subchronic exposure to PCBs.
Reliability of the urinalysis for predicting urinary tract infections in young febrile children.
Consumption of wholemeal rye bread increases serum concentrations and urinary excretion of enterolactone compared with consumption of white wheat bread in healthy Finnish men and women.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations in male Koreans.
Occupational exposure to trihalomethanes in indoor swimming pools.
Validation of the inflammatory bowel disease questionnaire in Swedish patients with ulcerative colitis.
Lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum and their relation to age-related maculopathy in the third national health and nutrition examination survey.
Serum biomarker-based validation of a self-administered diet history questionnaire for Japanese subjects.
The variability of compensatory erythropoiesis in repeated autologous blood donation.
Relation of plasma leptin concentrations to sex, body fat, dietary intake, and peak oxygen uptake in young adult women and men.
Dietary and lifestyle factors in relation to plasma leptin concentrations among normal weight and overweight men.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and burden of outdoor workers in Budapest.
Serum concentrations of beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol are associated with diet, smoking, and general and central adiposity.
Association between urinary potassium, urinary sodium, current diet, and bone density in prepubertal children.
High degree of interlaboratory reproducibility of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 protease and reverse transcriptase sequencing of plasma samples from heavily treated patients.
Plasma steroid levels in female flounder (Platichthys flesus) after chronic dietary exposure to single polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Allergen-induced changes in interleukin 1 beta (IL-1 beta) mRNA expression by human blood-derived dendritic cells: inter-individual differences and relevance for sensitization testing.
Decreasing the variability observed in urine analysis.
Effect of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls on cognitive development in children: a longitudinal study in Taiwan.
A combination of statistical methods for the analysis of the relative validation data of the quantitative food frequency questionnaire used in the THUSA study. Transition, Health and Urbanisation in South Africa.
Statistical issues in a metaregression analysis of randomized trials: impact on the dietary sodium intake and blood pressure relationship.
Interobserver and intraobserver reproducibility of peripheral blood and oxygen pressure measurements in the assessment of lower extremity arterial disease.
Relationship between alcohol consumption, ambulatory blood pressure recordings and left ventricular mass.
The effect of supplementary dietary L-carnitine on the growth performance, serum components, carcase traits and enzyme activities in relation to fatty acid beta-oxidation of broiler chickens.
Comparison of self-reported alcohol intake with the urinary excretion of 5-hydroxytryptophol:5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid, a biomarker of recent alcohol intake.
Effects of dietary curcumin on glutathione S-transferase and malondialdehyde-DNA adducts in rat liver and colon mucosa: relationship with drug levels.
Concentration changes for 5 PCDD/F congeners after administration in beef cattle.
Inverse correlation between alcohol consumption and lymphocyte levels of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in humans.
PCB concentrations and metabolism patterns in common terns (Sterna hirundo) from different breeding colonies in The Netherlands.
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in fish: the influence on local decision making about fish consumption.
Reliability and responsiveness of a prostate cancer questionnaire for radiotherapy-induced side effects.
O(6)-allyl protected deoxyguanosine adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as building blocks for the synthesis of oligonucleotides.
On the isolation of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans from serum samples using immunoaffinity chromatography prior to high-resolution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in maternal diet, breast milk, and serum lipid fatty acids of infants in relation to atopy.
Changes in serum PBB and PCB levels over time among women of varying ages at exposure.
Quantification of the heterocyclic aromatic amine DNA adduct N-(deoxyguanosin-8-yl)-2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline in livers of rats using capillary liquid chromatography/microelectrospray mass spectrometry: a dose-response study.
Association of self-reported diseases and health care use with commonly used laboratory markers for alcohol consumption.
U.S. dietary exposures to heterocyclic amines.
The Incontinence Impact Questionnaire and the Urogenital Distress Inventory: a revisit of their validity in women without a urodynamic diagnosis.
Simultaneous analysis of the di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites 2-ethylhexanoic acid, 2-ethyl-3-hydroxyhexanoic acid and 2-ethyl-3-oxohexanoic acid in urine by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
DNA adduct formation and DNA strand breaks in green-lipped mussels (Perna viridis) exposed to benzo[a]pyrene: dose- and time-dependent relationships.
Leptin levels are associated with fat oxidation and dietary-induced weight loss in obesity.
Blood lipids of young distance runners: distribution and inter-relationships among training volume, peak oxygen consumption, and body fatness.
Comparison of CALUX-TEQ values with PCB and PCDD/F measurements in human serum of the Flanders Environmental and Health Study (FLEHS).
Analysis of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as possible markers of chronically elevated alcohol consumption by headspace solid-phase microextraction (HS-SPME) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS).
Population-based study of alpha- and gamma-tocopherol in plasma and adipose tissue as biomarkers of intake in Costa Rican adults.
The role of human glutathione S-transferases (hGSTs) in the detoxification of the food-derived carcinogen metabolite N-acetoxy-PhIP, and the effect of a polymorphism in hGSTA1 on colorectal cancer risk.
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls Aroclor 1016 or 1254 did not alter brain catecholamines nor delayed alternation performance in Long-Evans rats.
Biomarkers of genotoxicity of urban air pollution. Overview and descriptive data from a molecular epidemiology study on populations exposed to moderate-to-low levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: the AULIS project.
Reliability of delayed prothrombin time INR determinations in a central laboratory using off-site blood sampling.
Ocular blood flow tonometer reproducibility: the effect of operator experience and mode of application.
Markers of high fish intake are associated with decreased risk of a first myocardial infarction.
Alternative high-performance liquid chromatographic assay for p-aminohippuric acid (PAH): effect of aging on PAH excretion in the isolated perfused rat kidney.
Variability of viral load in plasma of rhesus monkeys inoculated with simian immunodeficiency virus or simian-human immunodeficiency virus: implications for using nonhuman primate AIDS models to test vaccines and therapeutics.
Weight of evidence for an association between adverse reproductive and developmental effects and exposure to disinfection by-products: a critical review.
Comparison of expression of apoptosis regulatory proteins in the adipose tissue of tumor-bearing and diet-restricted rabbits.
Induction of DNA-strand breaks in human peripheral blood lymphocytes and A549 lung cells by sodium dichromate: association with 8-oxo-2-deoxyguanosine formation and inter-individual variability.
Site-specific differences in the fatty acid composition of abdominal adipose tissue in an obese population from a Mediterranean area: relation with dietary fatty acids, plasma lipid profile, serum insulin, and central obesity.
Relation between dietary linolenic acid and coronary artery disease in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Reproducibility of the brain perfusion index for measuring cerebral blood flow using technetium-99m compounds.
PAH-DNA adducts in a petrol refinery in Egypt.
Use of quality control indices in moderately hypocaloric Mediterranean diet for treatment of obesity.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and quality of the home environment: effects on psychodevelopment in early childhood.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma among Swedish female fish consumers in relation to time to pregnancy.
Retinoic acid metabolites in plasma are higher after intake of liver paste compared with a vitamin A supplement in women.
Testing the reliability of noninvasive genetic sampling by comparing analyses of blood and fecal samples in Barbary macaques (Macaca sylvanus).
Liver and adipose tissue fatty acid ethyl esters obtained at autopsy are postmortem markers for premortem ethanol intake.
High-meat, low-carbohydrate diet in pregnancy: relation to adult blood pressure in the offspring.
Urinary biomarkers for assessing dietary exposure to caffeine.
Parental concentration of dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene and polychlorinated biphenyls in Michigan fish eaters and sex ratio in offspring.
Assessment and recommendations on factors contributing to preanalytical variability of urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline.
Validation of energy intake measurements determined from observer-recorded food records and recall methods compared with the doubly labeled water method in overweight and obese individuals.
The optimal timing of blood collection during the menstrual cycle for the assessment of endogenous sex hormones: can interindividual differences in levels over the whole cycle be assessed on a single day?
Childhood growth and exposure to dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethene and polychlorinated biphenyls.
DNA adduction by polychlorinated biphenyls: adducts derived from hepatic microsomal activation and from synthetic metabolites.
Clinical and dietary indicators associated with uremic status in hospitalized dialysis patients.
Different effects on human topoisomerase I by minor groove and intercalated deoxyguanosine adducts derived from two polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxides at or near a normal cleavage site.
Assessing exposure in epidemiologic studies to disinfection by-products in drinking water: report from an international workshop.
Alterations in ovarian follicular progesterone secretion by elevated exposures to the drinking water disinfection by-product dibromoacetic acid: examination of the potential site(s) of impact along the steroidogenic pathway.
Plasma sialic-acid index of apolipoprotein J (SIJ): a new alcohol intake marker.
Results of the 1999-2000 collaborative exercise and proficiency testing program on mitochondrial DNA of the GEP-ISFG: an inter-laboratory study of the observed variability in the heteroplasmy level of hair from the same donor.
Relation between a diet with a high glycemic load and plasma concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in middle-aged women.
Variability of cerebral blood volume and oxygen extraction: stages of cerebral haemodynamic impairment revisited.
Spermaturia and serum hormone concentrations at the age of puberty in boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Ethyl glucuronide-a biological marker for recent alcohol consumption.
Biological variability in serum and urinary indices of bone formation and resorption in dogs.
Association of changes in the pattern of urinary calculi in Taiwanese with diet habit change between 1956 and 1999.
Inverse relationship between urinary markers of animal protein intake and blood pressure in Chinese: results from the WHO Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study.
The n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids in pregnant women and their infants. relationship with maternal linoleic acid intake.
Human exposure to heterocyclic amine food mutagens/carcinogens: relevance to breast cancer.
Influence of polymorphism of GSTM1 gene on association between glycophorin a mutant frequency and urinary PAH metabolites in incineration workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in liver tissues of hepatocellular carcinoma patients and controls.
EROD activity, serum SDH and PAH biliary metabolites in sand flathead (Platycephalus bassensis) collected in Port Phillip Bay, Australia.
Decreased food intake rather than zinc deficiency is associated with changes in plasma leptin, metabolic rate, and activity levels in zinc deficient rats( small star, filled).
Levels of dioxins and dibenzofurans in breast milk of women residing in two cities in the Irkutsk Region of Russian Siberia compared with American levels.
Quantitative determination of 1 -hydroxypyrene in bovine urine samples using high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence and mass spectrometric detection.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and tetrabromobisphenol A among computer technicians.
Detailed study on the levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in Yusho rice oil.
Validation and calibration of food-frequency questionnaire measurements in the Northern Sweden Health and Disease cohort.
Reproducibility of urinary phthalate metabolites in first morning urine samples.
Effect of diet on cancer development: is oxidative DNA damage a biomarker?
Development of a chemiluminescent enzyme immunoassay for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Oxidation of 5'-site guanine at GG and GGG sequences induced by a metabolite of carcinogenic heterocyclic amine PhIP in the presence of Cu(II) and NADH.
Effects of gender, diet, exogenous melatonin and subchronic PCB exposure on plasma immunoglobulin G in mink.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in serum samples of workers at intermittently burning municipal waste incinerators in Japan.
Immunologic biomarkers in relation to exposure markers of PCBs and dioxins in Flemish adolescents (Belgium).
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and placental CYP1A1 activity in Inuit women from northern Québec.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of internal dose of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in carbon black workers.
A ketogenic diet favorably affects serum biomarkers for cardiovascular disease in normal-weight men.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides are eliminated from therapeutic Factor VIII and immunoglobulin concentrates and reduced in albumin by plasma fractionation.
Highly increased urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion rate in patients with atopic dermatitis treated with topical coal tar.
Reproducibility of total cerebral blood flow measurements using phase contrast magnetic resonance imaging.
Reproducibility of left ventricular mass measurement using a half-Fourier black-blood single-shot fast spin-echo sequence within a single breath hold: comparison with a conventional multiple breath-hold segmented gradient echo technique in patients.
Urinary level of 1,N(6) -ethenodeoxyadenosine, a marker of oxidative stress, is associated with salt excretion and omega 6-polyunsaturated fatty acid intake in postmenopausal Japanese women.
Determinants of serum polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides measured in women from the child health and development study cohort, 1963-1967.
Validity and reliability of an interviewer-administered questionnaire to measure the severity of lower urinary tract symptoms of storage abnormality: the Leicester Urinary Symptom Questionnaire.
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for androgen assays of male plasma hormone levels.
Urinary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene in rats subchronically exposed to pyrene or polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures.
Steady-state concentration of venlafaxine enantiomers: model-based analysis of between-patient variability.
Inter-individual variation, seasonal variation and close correlation of OGG1 and ERCC1 mRNA levels in full blood from healthy volunteers.
Relationship of dietary intake of fish and non-fish selenium to serum lipids in Japanese rural coastal community.
Serum sialic acid as a marker of alcohol consumption: effect of liver disease and heavy drinking.
Thyroid hormone suppression and cell-mediated immunomodulation in American kestrels (Falco sparverius) exposed to PCBs.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites and PCBs in serum from pregnant Faroese women.
Heterocyclic aromatic amine metabolism, DNA adduct formation, mutagenesis, and carcinogenesis.
Intra- and interindividual variations in urinary concentrations of endogenous gamma-hydroxybutyrate.
Reliability of perfusion MR imaging in symptomatic carotid occlusive disease. Cerebral blood volume, mean transit time and time-to-peak.
Direct quantification of human serum albumin in human blood serum without separation of gamma-globulin by the total internal reflected resonance light scattering of thorium-sodium dodecylbenzene sulfonate at water/tetrachloromethane interface.
Dietary vitamin C supplementation decreases blood pressure in DOCA-salt hypertensive male Sprague-Dawley rats and this is associated with increased liver oxidative stress.
Plasma concentrations of the enantiomers of fluoxetine and norfluoxetine: sources of variability and preliminary observations on relations with clinical response.
A rapid screening method for routine congener-specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by high-resolution gas chromatography with mass spectrometric detection.
Frequent intake of tropical fruits that are rich in beta-cryptoxanthin is associated with higher plasma beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations in Costa Rican adolescents.
Biological monitoring of workers exposed to dichloromethane, using head-space gas chromatography.
Pharmacokinetics of tea catechins after ingestion of green tea and (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate by humans: formation of different metabolites and individual variability.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants in animals representing different trophic levels of the North Sea food Web.
Test-retest reliability, validity, and sensitivity to change of the urogenital distress inventory and the incontinence impact questionnaire.
Relations between various measures of iodine intake and thyroid volume, thyroid nodularity, and serum thyroglobulin.
Effect of tibolone administration on heart rate variability and free fatty acid levels in postmenopausal women.
Accuracy of quantity-frequency and graduated frequency questionnaires in measuring alcohol intake: comparison with daily diary and commonly used laboratory markers.
Dietary low linolenic acid compared with docosahexaenoic acid alter synaptic plasma membrane phospholipid fatty acid composition and sodium-potassium ATPase kinetics in developing rats.
The associations of diet with serum insulin-like growth factor I and its main binding proteins in 292 women meat-eaters, vegetarians, and vegans.
Dietary and plasma lipid, lipoprotein, and apolipoprotein profiles among elderly Hispanics and non-Hispanics and their association with diabetes.
Epidemiological evidence of the association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure: a meta-analysis of published data.
Fatty acid ethyl esters: toxic non-oxidative metabolites of ethanol and markers of ethanol intake.
Influence of reporting error on the relation between blood folate concentrations and reported folic acid-containing dietary supplement use among reproductive-aged women in the United States.
Regional variations of blood pressure in the United States are associated with regional variations in dietary intakes: the NHANES-III data.
Muscle insulin binding and plasma levels in relation to liver glucokinase activity, glucose metabolism and dietary carbohydrates in rainbow trout.
Correlation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol with total suspended particulates in ambient air in municipal middle-school students in Korea.
Reproducibility of the blood flow index as noninvasive, bedside estimation of cerebral blood flow.
Dietary supplements of soya flour lower serum testosterone concentrations and improve markers of oxidative stress in men.
Associations between regional differences in polychlorinated biphenyls and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene in blood of nestling bald eagles and reproductive productivity.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls among raccoons (Procyon lotor) at the paducah gaseous diffusion plant, Western Kentucky, USA.
Differential apolipoprotein(a) isoform expression in heterozygosity is an independent contributor to lipoprotein(a) levels variability.
Comparison of adipose tissue fatty acids with dietary fatty acids as measured by 24-hour recall and food frequency questionnaire in Black and White Adventists: the Adventist Health Study.
LC-MS and NMR determination of a dichloromethane artifact adduct, cyproheptadine chloromethochloride.
Reliability of quantitative reverse-transcriptase-PCR-based detection of tumour cells in the blood between different laboratories using a standardised protocol.
Dietary risk markers that contribute to the aetiology of hypertension in black South African children: the THUSA BANA study.
Interaction of body mass index and attempt to lose weight in a national sample of US adults: association with reported food and nutrient intake, and biomarkers.
Relationship of urinary sodium/potassium excretion and calcium intake to blood pressure and prevalence of hypertension among older Chinese vegetarians.
Relationship between methylmalonic acid, homocysteine, vitamin B12 intake and status and socio-economic indices, in a subset of participants in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over.
Association of hepatitis virus infection, alcohol consumption and plasma vitamin A levels with urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in chemical workers.
Evaluation of a childhood lead questionnaire in predicting elevated blood lead levels in a rural community.
Interindividual dose/concentration relationship for methadone in hair.
Validation of a soy food-frequency questionnaire and evaluation of correlates of plasma isoflavone concentrations in postmenopausal women.
Variability of total phenytoin serum concentrations within elderly nursing home residents.
The changes of T-PAH levels and health status of mussels in Izmit bay (Turkey) after Marmara earthquake and subsequent refinery fire.
Column-switching high-performance liquid chromatography electrospray mass spectrometry coupled with on-line of extraction for the determination of mono- and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood samples.
Soy product intake is inversely associated with serum homocysteine level in premenopausal Japanese women.
Biomarkers of fat and fatty acid intake.
Isoflavonoid and lignan phytoestrogens as dietary biomarkers.
Fasting plasma glucose variability as a risk factor of retinopathy in Type 2 diabetic patients.
Variability of serum estrogens among postmenopausal women treated with the same transdermal estrogen therapy and the effect on androgens and sex hormone binding globulin.
Validation of habitual energy intake.
Erythrocyte cell membrane phospholipid levels compared against reported dietary intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids in pregnant Mexican women.
Altered gene expression in mouse livers after dichloroacetic acid exposure.
Estimate of oxygen consumption and intracellular zinc concentration of human spermatozoa in relation to motility.
Body fat mass and macronutrient intake in relation to circulating soluble leptin receptor, free leptin index, adiponectin, and resistin concentrations in healthy humans.
Fish intake, plasma omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzo-furans and co-planar polychlorinated biphenyls in the blood of the Japanese population.
Simultaneous analysis of naphthols, phenanthrols, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine as biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure: intraindividual variance in the urinary metabolite excretion profiles caused by intervention with beta-naphthoflavone induction in the rat.
Quantitative changes in gene expression in fetal rat testes following exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate.
Validity and reproducibility of the self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the JPHC Study Cohort I: study design, conduct and participant profiles.
Validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the JPHC Study Cohort II: study design, participant profile and results in comparison with Cohort I.
Variability and repeatability of retinal blood flow measurements using the Canon Laser Blood Flowmeter.
The reproducibility of independently measuring human regional hepatic arterial, portal and total hepatic blood flow using [15O]water and positron emission tomography.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in human hair by HPLC with fluorescence detection: a biological monitoring method to evaluate the exposure to PAHs.
Sulfotransferase 1A1 (SULT1A1) polymorphism, PAH-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue and breast cancer risk in a case-control study.
A longitudinal examination of factors related to changes in serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Biomarkers of dietary intake of micronutrients modulate DNA adduct levels in healthy adults.
Dietary fibre intake and clinical indices in the French Supplementation en Vitamines et Minéraux AntioXydants (SU.VI.MAX) adult cohort.
Association of blood pressure with intake of soy products and other food groups in Japanese men and women.
Dietary predictors of concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in breast adipose tissue of women living in Ontario, Canada.
Development and validation of the Diabetes Bowel Symptom Questionnaire.
Binding of polychlorinated biphenyls/metabolites to hemoglobin.
Carbohydrate intake and biomarkers of glycemic control among US adults: the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III).
Clinical diagnosis of bladder outlet obstruction in men with lower urinary tract symptoms: reliability of commonly measured parameters and the role of idiopathic detrusor overactivity.
Habitual dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids in relation to inflammatory markers among US men and women.
Cardiorespiratory fitness modifies the association between dietary fat intake and plasma fatty acids.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts among rickshaw drivers in Dhaka City, Bangladesh.
DNA damage in T- and B-lymphocytes and granulocytes in emission inspection and incineration workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Structure of dietary measurement error: results of the OPEN biomarker study.
Human prenatal and postnatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorobiphenylols, and pentachlorophenol.
Plasma carotenoid levels in relation to the Mediterranean diet in Greece.
Phthalate exposure and human semen parameters.
Negative relationship between PCBs and plasma retinol in low-contaminated free-ranging gray seal pups (Halichoerus grypus).
Donor exposure to the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate during plateletpheresis.
Chromosomal radiosensitivity: a study of the chromosomal G(2) assay in human blood lymphocytes indicating significant inter-individual variability.
Dietary soy and fats in relation to serum insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 levels in premenopausal Japanese women.
New high-resolution mass spectrometric approach for the measurement of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human serum.
Dose-response relationship and reproducibility of urinary salbutamol excretion during the first 30 min after an inhalation.
Simple and sensitive high-performance liquid chromatography method for simultaneous determination of urinary free cortisol and 6beta-hydroxycortisol in routine practice. For CYP 3A4 activity evaluation in basal conditions and after grapefruit juice intake.
Assessment of alcohol consumption by mailed questionnaire in epidemiological studies: evaluation of misclassification using a dietary history interview and biochemical markers.
Relationship between body mass index, serum cholesterol, leisure-time physical activity, and diet in a Mediterranean Southern-Europe population.
Refinement of the association of serum C-reactive protein concentration and coronary heart disease risk by correction for within-subject variation over time: the MONICA Augsburg studies, 1984 and 1987.
Repeatability of ocular blood flow pneumotonometry.
Group level validation of protein intakes estimated by 24-hour diet recall and dietary questionnaires against 24-hour urinary nitrogen in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) calibration study.
Reproducibility over 5 years of measurements of 6-sulphatoxymelatonin in urine samples from postmenopausal women.
Fatty acids, diet, and body indices of type II diabetic American whites and blacks and Ghanaians.
Is olestra consumption associated with changes in dietary intake, serum lipids, and body weight?
Urinary excretion of 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine and 1-hydroxypyrene in coke-oven workers.
Effect of orange juice intake on vitamin C concentrations and biomarkers of antioxidant status in humans.
Effect of diets based on foods from conventional versus organic production on intake and excretion of flavonoids and markers of antioxidative defense in humans.
Plasma binding of trichloroacetic acid in mice, rats, and humans under cancer bioassay and environmental exposure conditions.
The interaction between alcohol consumption and GSTM1 genotype on polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in breast tissue.
Evaluation of impact of PAH on a tropical fish, Oreochromis mossambicus using multiple biomarkers.
Electrophilic tissue burden in male Sprague-Dawley rats following repeated exposure to binary mixtures of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Evaluation of biochemical methods for estimating the sodium intake of dairy cows.
Immunological findings in a group of coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Reproducibility of the 1998 World Health Organization/International Society of Urologic Pathology classification of papillary urothelial neoplasms of the urinary bladder.
Glucuronidation patterns of common urinary and serum monoester phthalate metabolites.
Longevity-associated mitochondrial DNA 5178 A/C polymorphism modulates effects of daily drinking and cigarette consumption on serum triglyceride levels in middle-aged Japanese men.
Air concentrations and urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among paving and remixing workers.
Biological variability of albumin excretion rate and albumin-to-creatinine ratio in hypertensive type 2 diabetic patients.
Marked variability of melphalan plasma drug levels during regional hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
Plasma concentrations of (n-3) highly unsaturated fatty acids are good biomarkers of relative dietary fatty acid intakes: a cross-sectional study.
A new approach to evaluating the extent of Michael adduct formation to PAH quinones: tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) thermochemolysis with GC/MS.
Influences of apolipoprotein E polymorphism on the response of plasma lipids to the ad libitum consumption of a high-carbohydrate diet compared with a high-monounsaturated fatty acid diet.
Simultaneous determination of trace levels of nine haloacetic acids in biological samples as their pentafluorobenzyl derivatives by gas chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry in electron capture negative ion chemical ionization mode.
Intra- and interindividual variations in steady-state plasma concentrations of risperidone and 9-hydroxyrisperidone in schizophrenic patients treated chronically with various doses of risperidone.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and breast cancer: a systematic review of the epidemiological evidence.
Urinary PAH metabolites influenced by genetic polymorphisms of GSTM1 in male hospital incinerator workers.
Relationship between the amount of linoleic acid in the diet and that in the adipose tissue of adult cats living freely in households.
Sources of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in non-occupationally exposed Koreans.
Dietary fibers reduce the urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous administration of pyrene.
Dietary magnesium intake in relation to plasma insulin levels and risk of type 2 diabetes in women.
An energy-rich diet causes rumen papillae proliferation associated with more IGF type 1 receptors and increased plasma IGF-1 concentrations in young goats.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and mutagenicity in bus drivers and mail carriers exposed to urban air pollution in Denmark.
Trans-18:1 isomers in rat milk fat as effective biomarkers for the determination of individual isomeric trans-18:1 acids in the dams' diet.
Urinary N2-(2'-deoxyguanosin-8-yl)PhIP as a biomarker for PhIP exposure.
Correlation between biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and electrophilic tissue burden in a rat model.
Application of liquid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry for the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma.
Potential exposure to PCBs, DDT, and PBDEs from sport-caught fish consumption in relation to breast cancer risk in Wisconsin.
The effects of losartan and immobilization stress on heart rate variability and plasma corticosterone levels in rats.
Fish consumption and other environmental exposures and their associations with serum PCB concentrations among Mohawk women at Akwesasne.
Creatinine normalization in biological monitoring revisited: the case of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Moderate-intensity resistance exercise training in patients with chronic heart failure improves strength, endurance, heart rate variability, and forearm blood flow.
Reliability and accuracy of a cardiovascular risk questionnaire and body shape figures for body size in Mexican obese subjects.
Mercury and selenium in whole blood and serum in relation to fish consumption and amalgam fillings in adolescents.
Reliability and validity of King's Health Questionnaire in patients with symptoms of overactive bladder with urge incontinence in Japan.
Association between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and genotoxic effects in coke oven workers.
Chemical (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and heavy metal) levels in contaminated stormwater and sediments from a motorway dry detention pond drainage system.
Rapid assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure in decapod crustaceans by fluorimetric analysis of urine and haemolymph.
Relation of vegetable, fruit, and meat intake to 7-year blood pressure change in middle-aged men: the Chicago Western Electric Study.
Plasma and urinary phyto-oestrogens as biomarkers of intake: validation by duplicate diet analysis.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts determined by semiquantitative immunohistochemistry in human esophageal biopsies taken in 1985.
Twelve hour reproducibility of choroidal blood flow parameters in healthy subjects.
PhIP metabolites in human urine after consumption of well-cooked chicken.
Folate and colorectal neoplasia: relation between plasma and dietary markers of folate and adenoma recurrence.
Synthesis of the o-quinones and other oxidized metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons implicated in carcinogenesis.
Status and management of blood lipids in Greek adults and their relation to socio-demographic, lifestyle and dietary factors: the ATTICA Study. Blood lipids distribution in Greece.
Reproducibility of blood flow velocity measurements using colour decoded Doppler imaging.
Determination of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in human serum using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Characterization and quantitative analysis of DNA adducts formed from lower chlorinated PCB-derived quinones.
CYP1A2 and NAT2 genotype/phenotype relations and urinary excretion of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in a human dietary intervention study.
Dietary iron intake is positively associated with hemoglobin concentration during infancy but not during the second year of life.
A single measurement is inadequate to estimate enterolactone levels in danish postmenopausal women due to large intraindividual variation.
Therapeutic effects of glucose infusion on monochloroacetic acid exposure in rats.
Blood pressure in haemodialysis patients: the importance of the relationship between the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, salt intake and extracellular volume.
Doppler blood flow velocity waveforms in the fetal renal arteries: variability at proximal and distal sites in the right and left arteries.
Detecting a field gradient of PAH exposure in decapod crustacea using a novel urinary biomarker.
Different effects of red wine and gin consumption on inflammatory biomarkers of atherosclerosis: a prospective randomized crossover trial. Effects of wine on inflammatory markers.
Regional cerebral blood flow correlates with heart period and high-frequency heart period variability during working-memory tasks: Implications for the cortical and subcortical regulation of cardiac autonomic activity.
Comparison of plasma N-brain natriuretic peptide, peak oxygen consumption, and left ventricular ejection fraction for severity of chronic heart failure.
Alteration in phase I and II enzyme activities and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adduct formation by plant phenolics in mouse epidermis.
Quantitative justification for target concentration intervention--parameter variability and predictive performance using population pharmacokinetic models for aminoglycosides.
Characterization of a peptide adduct formed by N-acetoxy-2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a reactive intermediate of the food carcinogen PhIP.
Contribution of dietary protein and inorganic sulfur to urinary sulfate: toward a biomarker of inorganic sulfur intake.
Temporal variation of blood and hair mercury levels in pregnancy in relation to fish consumption history in a population living along the St. Lawrence River.
Gamma-tocopherol as a possible marker for nutrition-related risk: results from four National Diet and Nutrition Surveys in Britain.
Muscle contraction-induced limb blood flow variability during dynamic knee extensor.
Insulin, macronutrient intake, and physical activity: are potential indicators of insulin resistance associated with mortality from breast cancer?
A possible mechanism for decrease in serum thyroxine level by polychlorinated biphenyls in Wistar and Gunn rats.
Comparison of the effects of two different types of calcium supplementation on markers of bone metabolism in a postmenopausal osteopenic population with low calcium intake: a double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
Increase in serum amyloid a evoked by dietary cholesterol is associated with increased atherosclerosis in mice.
The reliability of horizontally sectioned scalp biopsies in the diagnosis of chronic diffuse telogen hair loss in women.
The relation of individual cadmium concentration in urine with total cadmium intake in Kakehashi River basin, Japan.
Phthalate treatment does not influence levels of IgE or Th2 cytokines in B6C3F1 mice.
Lack of effect of dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio on plasma lipids and markers of insulin responses in Indian Asians living in the UK.
Variability of thyroid blood flow Doppler parameters in healthy women.
Effects of a low-fat diet compared with those of a high-monounsaturated fat diet on body weight, plasma lipids and lipoproteins, and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes.
Hydroxylated and methyl sulfone PCB metabolites in adipose and whole blood of polar bear (Ursus maritimus) from East Greenland.
Macular pigment optical density and its relationship with serum and dietary levels of lutein and zeaxanthin.
PCDD/F and non-ortho PCB concentrations in adipose tissue of individuals living in the vicinity of a hazardous waste incinerator.
Follow-up study of adolescents exposed to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) as neonates on extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) support.
Analysis of HO-PCBs and PCP in blood plasma from individuals with high PCB exposure living on the Chukotka Peninsula in the Russian Arctic.
Selective detection of monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine using liquid chromatography/triple quadrupole tandem mass spectrometry.
Additional dietary zinc for weaning piglets is associated with elevated concentrations of serum IGF-I.
Effects of cigarette smoking and exposure to cadmium and lead on phenotypic variability of hepatic CYP2A6 and renal function biomarkers in men.
Variability in cytokine production and cell proliferation by mitogen-activated ovine peripheral blood mononuclear cells: modulation by interleukin (IL)-10 and IL-12.
Protein biomarkers in the plasma of workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons suppresses constitutive expression of CYP1B1 on the transcript level in human leukocytes.
Effects of a long-term vegetarian diet on biomarkers of antioxidant status and cardiovascular disease risk.
Folate intake estimated with an updated database and its association to blood folate and homocysteine in Korean college students.
Validity of reported energy expenditure and reported intake of energy, protein, sodium and potassium in rheumatoid arthritis patients in a dietary intervention study.
Impact of fermented brown rice with Aspergillus oryzae (FEBRA) intake and concentrations of polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs) in blood of humans from Japan.
Impact of FEBRA (fermented brown rice with Aspergillus oryzae) intake and concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs in blood of humans from Japan.
Relationship between diet and serum anabolic hormone responses to heavy-resistance exercise in men.
Reliability of sport fish consumption in the New York State Angler cohort study.
Temporal variability of urinary phthalate metabolite levels in men of reproductive age.
Polymorphisms in the bovine leptin promoter associated with serum leptin concentration, growth, feed intake, feeding behavior, and measures of carcass merit.
Determinants of temporal variability in NHEXAS-Maryland environmental concentrations, exposures, and biomarkers.
Evaluation of serum protein profiling by surface-enhanced laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry for the detection of prostate cancer: I. Assessment of platform reproducibility.
A semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire is a valid indicator of the usual intake of phytoestrogens by south Asian women in the UK relative to multiple 24-h dietary recalls and multiple plasma samples.
Profile of PCDD/F levels in serum of general Taiwanese between different gender, age and smoking status.
Determination of total phthalates in urine by isotope-dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Intake of purine-rich foods, protein, and dairy products and relationship to serum levels of uric acid: the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Alcohol consumption in pregnant, black women is associated with decreased plasma and erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid.
Diet and lifestyle are associated with serum C-reactive protein concentrations in a population-based study.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: practical issues in development of expert system-based classification models in metabolomic studies.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: characteristics of component-based models of metabolic serotypes.
A 7-week reduction in salt intake does not contribute to markers of bone metabolism in young healthy subjects.
Inhibitory effects of heterocyclic amine-induced DNA adduct formation in mouse liver and lungs by beer.
Exposure to PCBs and p,p'-DDE and human sperm chromatin integrity.
Genotype, dietary manipulation and food allocation affect indices of welfare in broiler breeders.
New metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in human urine and serum after single oral doses of deuterium-labelled DEHP.
The relation between alcohol intake and physical activity and the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 in serum phospholipids and adipose tissue used as markers for dairy fat intake.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls inhibit thyroid-hormone-dependent extension of cerebellar Purkinje cell dendrites.
Relationship between the ability to recognize energy intake and expenditure, and blood sugar control in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Signal in noise: evaluating reported reproducibility of serum proteomic tests for ovarian cancer.
Multislice computed tomography-urography: intraindividual comparison of different preparation techniques for optimized depiction of the upper urinary tract in an animal model.
Polymorphisms in XRCC1 modify the association between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, dietary antioxidants, and breast cancer risk.
Consumption of trans fatty acids is related to plasma biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
PCB exposure and in vivo CYP1A2 activity among Native Americans.
Comparison of dietary selenium fed to grower-finisher pigs from various regions of the United States on resulting tissue Se and loin mineral concentrations.
Influence of long-term intervention with dietary counseling, long-chain n-3 fatty acid supplements, or both on circulating markers of endothelial activation in men with long-standing hyperlipidemia.
Validation of peak exercise oxygen consumption and the Heart Failure Survival Score for serial risk stratification in advanced heart failure.
Comparison of urinary sphingolipids in human populations with high and low maize consumption as a possible biomarker of fumonisin dietary exposure.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in serum samples of workers at an infectious waste incineration plant in Japan.
DNA damage from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons measured by benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts in mothers and newborns from Northern Manhattan, the World Trade Center Area, Poland, and China.
Analysis of dichloroacetic acid in rat blood and tissues by hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry.
Theoretical study of aza-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (aza-PAHs), modelling carbocations from oxidized metabolites and their covalent adducts with representative nucleophiles.
The association between coffee consumption and plasma total homocysteine levels: the "ATTICA" study.
Serum concentrations and profiles of polychlorinated biphenyls in Taiwan Yu-cheng victims twenty years after the incident.
Intraindividual variation in total and percent free prostate-specific antigen levels in prostate cancer suspects.
Assessment of the reliability of plasma electrophoresis in birds.
Residential environmental exposures and other characteristics associated with detectable PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral mononuclear cells in a population-based sample of adult females.
Determination of dichloromethane, trichloroethylene and perchloroethylene in urine samples by headspace solid phase microextraction gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Hyperinsulinaemia triggered by dietary conjugated linoleic acid is associated with a decrease in leptin and adiponectin plasma levels and pancreatic beta cell hyperplasia in the mouse.
Correlation between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma homocysteine concentration in vitamin B6-deficient rats.
Evaluation of PCDD/Fs patterns emitted from incinerator via direct ambient sampling and indirect serum levels assessment of Taiwanese.
Reproducibility of black-blood coronary vessel wall MR imaging.
Dietary antioxidants and fat are associated with plasma antibody titers to heat shock proteins 60, 65, and 70 in subjects with dyslipidemia.
The endocrine and reproductive function of the female Yucheng adolescents prenatally exposed to PCBs/PCDFs.
Formation of PAH-DNA adducts after in vivo and vitro exposure of rats and lung cells to different commercial carbon blacks.
Dietary flaxseed alters tumor biological markers in postmenopausal breast cancer.
Comparison of the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal and fetal blood, amniotic and allantoic fluids in cattle.
A rapid self-administered food frequency questionnaire for the evaluation of dietary protein intake.
Evaluation of brief dietary questions to estimate vegetable and fruit consumption - using serum carotenoids and red-cell folate.
Evaluation of the relationships between biochemical endpoints of PAH exposure and physiological endpoints of reproduction in male California Halibut (Paralichthys californicus) exposed to sediments from a natural oil seep.
Markers associated with inborn errors of metabolism of branched-chain amino acids and their relevance to upper levels of intake in healthy people: an implication from clinical and molecular investigations on maple syrup urine disease.
Serum PCB profiles in Native Americans from Wisconsin based on region, diet, age, and gender: Implications for epidemiology studies.
Higher fat and carbohydrate intake in dementia patients is associated with increased blood glutathione peroxidase activity.
Effects of 2,2'4,4'5,5'-hexachlorobiphenyl (PCB 153) on plasma sex steroids and vitellogenin in rockfish (Sebastes schlegeli).
Assessment of intra-individual variation in prostate-specific antigen levels in a biennial randomized prostate cancer screening program in Sweden.
Critical window of male reproductive tract development in rats following gestational exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate.
In utero exposure to background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and cognitive functioning among school-age children.
Determination of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (HO-PCBs) in blood plasma by high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem quadrupole mass spectrometry.
Consumption of ready-to-eat cereals in relation to health and diet indicators among school adolescents in Crete, Greece.
Influence of diet on exposure to acrylamide--reflections on the validity of a questionnaire.
Reconstruction of methylmercury intakes in indigenous populations from biomarker data.
Physiologically based modeling of the accumulation in plasma and tissue lipids of a mixture of PCB congeners in female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Evaluation of the effect of dietary vegetable consumption on reducing risk of transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder in Scottish Terriers.
A low-protein diet exacerbates postprandial chylomicron concentration in moderately dyslipidaemic subjects in comparison to a lean red meat protein-enriched diet.
Development of a tool to assess psychosocial indicators of fruit and vegetable intake for 2 federal programs.
The effects of cranberry juice consumption on antioxidant status and biomarkers relating to heart disease and cancer in healthy human volunteers.
The changes in circulating levels of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide during exercise and its reproducibility for detection of myocardial ischemia.
Moderate alcohol consumption and lower levels of inflammatory markers in US men and women.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide as a biomarker of exposure to various vehicle exhausts among highway toll-station workers in Taipei, Taiwan.
Assessment of DNA damage and its modulation by dietary and genetic factors in smokers using the Comet assay: a biomarker model.
Serum hormones in boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Evaluation of the effect of governmental control of human exposure to two phthalates in Japan using a urinary biomarker approach.
Effect of genetic polymorphisms of MnSOD and MPO on the relationship between PAH exposure and oxidative DNA damage.
Relation between reproductive, physiological, and immunological condition of Litopenaeus setiferus pre-adult males fed different dietary protein levels (Crustacea; Penaeidae).
Maternal serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene (DDE) and time to pregnancy.
Dose-effect relation between daily ethanol intake in the range 0-70 grams and %CDT value: validation of a cut-off value.
Ethyl sulfate: a metabolite of ethanol in humans and a potential biomarker of acute alcohol intake.
GSTM1 [corrected] deletion modifies the levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human sperm.
A summary of recent findings on birth outcomes and developmental effects of prenatal ETS, PAH, and pesticide exposures.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs): changes in thyroid, vitamin A, glutathione homeostasis, and oxidative stress in American kestrels (Falco sparverius).
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and hydroxylated and methoxylated brominated and chlorinated analogues in the plasma of fish from the Detroit River.
Delayed effects on plasma concentration of testosterone and testicular morphology by intramuscular low-dose di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate or oestradiol benzoate in the prepubertal boar.
Fluid, electrolyte, and renal indices of hydration during 11 days of controlled caffeine consumption.
The reproducibility of left ventricular volume and mass measurements: a comparison between dual-inversion-recovery black-blood sequence and SSFP.
Maternal levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to preterm and small-for-gestational-age birth.
In utero polychlorinated biphenyl exposures in relation to fetal and early childhood growth.
Use of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate-containing medical products and urinary levels of mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in neonatal intensive care unit infants.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in prostate carcinogenesis.
Association between school performance, breast milk intake and fatty acid profile of serum lipids in ten-year-old cleft children.
Validation of a two-item quantitative questionnaire for the triage of women with urinary incontinence.
Effect of socioeconomic status on exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE) among pregnant African-American women.
Optimization of the determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum using solid-phase extraction and gas chromatography-electron capture negative ionization mass spectrometry.
Impact of polychlorinated biphenyls contamination on estrogenic activity in human male serum.
Dietary intake and nutritional indicators are transiently compromised during radiotherapy for rectal cancer.
Variability of Clostridium difficile surface proteins and specific serum antibody response in patients with Clostridium difficile-associated disease.
High cardiovascular risk in young Saudi males: cardiovascular risk factors, diet and inflammatory markers.
Reference range levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the US population by measurement of urinary monohydroxy metabolites.
Reference values of coplanar and non-coplanar PCBs in serum samples from two Italian population groups.
In utero exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls and its relations to thyroid function and growth hormone in newborns.
Relationship between serum parathyroid hormone levels, vitamin D sufficiency, and calcium intake.
Reliability of human serum protein profiles generated with C8 magnetic beads assisted MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry.
Vitamin E supplementation alters HDL-cholesterol concentration and paraoxonase activity in rabbits fed high-cholesterol diet: comparison with probucol.
Health risk assessment on human exposed to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons pollution sources.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) exposure of voluntary plasma and platelet donors.
Italian validation of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaires.
Exposure of arc-furnace-plant workers to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs).
Sperm DNA damage correlates with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons biomarker in coke-oven workers.
Serum homocysteine concentration of US adults associated with fortified cereal consumption.
Automated solid-phase extraction and quantitative analysis of 14 phthalate metabolites in human serum using isotope dilution-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility and accuracy of measurements of free and total prostate-specific antigen in serum vs plasma after long-term storage at -20 degrees C.
Effect of exposure to soil-bound polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on milk contaminations of parent compounds and their monohydroxylated metabolites.
Restricted intraindividual urinary iodine concentration variability in nonfasting subjects.
Inhibitory effects of beer on mutation in the Ames test and DNA adduct formation in mouse organs induced by 2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Association between protein intake and blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in residents near a chemical factory in Italy: the food chain as main source of contamination.
The use of fatty acid biomarkers to reflect dietary intake.
Reliability and validity of an assessment of usual phytoestrogen consumption (United States).
Gene expression and estrogen sensitivity in rat uterus after developmental exposure to the polybrominated diphenylether PBDE 99 and PCB.
Genetic variability in BK Virus regulatory regions in urine and kidney biopsies from renal-transplant patients.
Determinants of poor adherence in hypertensive patients: development and validation of the "Maastricht Utrecht Adherence in Hypertension (MUAH)-questionnaire".
Reproducibility of skin testing and serum venom specific IgE in Hymenoptera venom allergy.
Epidemiological evidence for an association between habitual tea consumption and markers of chronic inflammation.
Temporal associations among energy intake, plasma linoleic acid, and growth improvement in response to treatment initiation after diagnosis of cystic fibrosis.
Effect of a low-fat diet on fatty acid composition in red cells, plasma phospholipids, and cholesterol esters: investigation of a biomarker of total fat intake.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlonnated biphenyls, and polychlorobiphenylols in serum from pregnant Faroese women and their children 7 years later.
Measurement of eight urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment.
Variability of albumin adducts of 1,4-benzoquinone, a toxic metabolite of benzene, in human volunteers.
Effects of perinatal exposure to phthalate/adipate esters on hypothalamic gene expression and sexual behavior in rats.
The association of serum leptin with the reduction of food intake and body weight during electroacupuncture in rats.
Lower heart rate variability is associated with higher serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentration in healthy individuals aged 46 years or more.
Polyurethane foam chips combined with liquid chromatography in the determination of unmetabolized polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons excreted in human urine.
The role of stable isotopes in human identification: a longitudinal study into the variability of isotopic signals in human hair and nails.
Validity and systematic error in measuring carotenoid consumption with dietary self-report instruments.
Human PCDD/PCDF levels near a pentachlorophenol contamination site in Tainan, Taiwan.
Levels and distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in various tissues of birds of prey.
Institutional variability in the accuracy of urinary cytology for predicting recurrence of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Reduction of tissue transglutaminase autoantibody levels by gluten-free diet is associated with changes in subsets of peripheral blood lymphocytes in children with newly diagnosed coeliac disease.
Carotenoids from in ovo or dietary sources blunt systemic indices of the inflammatory response in growing chicks (Gallus gallus domesticus).
Dietary comparison of conjugated linolenic acid (9 cis, 11 trans, 13 trans) and alpha-tocopherol effects on blood lipids and lipid peroxidation in alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus in rats.
Effect of white wine consumption on oxidative stress markers and homocysteine levels.
Sex differences in risk of lung cancer: Expression of genes in the PAH bioactivation pathway in relation to smoking and bulky DNA adducts.
Automated solid-phase extraction method for measuring urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in human biomonitoring using isotope-dilution gas chromatography high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Maternal intake of antioxidant vitamins in pregnancy in relation to maternal and fetal plasma levels at delivery.
Variability of cerebral hemoglobin concentration in very preterm infants during the first 6 hours of life.
Dietary choline and betaine assessed by food-frequency questionnaire in relation to plasma total homocysteine concentration in the Framingham Offspring Study.
Green chemistry in urinalysis for trichloroethanol and trichloroacetic acid as markers of exposure to chlorinated hydrocarbon solvents.
PHosphatidylethanol (PEth) concentrations in blood are correlated to reported alcohol intake in alcohol-dependent patients.
Does exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in pre-pubertal boars affect semen quality post-puberty?
Effects of a carbohydrate-restricted diet on emerging plasma markers for cardiovascular disease.
Analysis of the effect of multiple genetic variants of cardiovascular disease risk on insulin concentration variability in healthy adults of the STANISLAS cohort. The role of FGB-455 G/A polymorphism.
Validity and reliability of parental report of frequency, severity and risk factors of urinary tract infection and urinary incontinence in children.
Selected diet and lifestyle factors are associated with estrogen metabolites in a multiracial/ethnic population of women.
Comparison of two nutrition education approaches to reduce dietary fat intake and serum lipids reveals registered dietitians are effective at disseminating information regardless of the educational approach.
Induction of the transferrin receptor gene by benzo[a]pyrene in breast cancer MCF-7 cells: potential as a biomarker of PAH exposure.
PTCA determination in human hair: reliability and analytical aspects.
Reliability of an automatic ultrasound system in the post partum period in measuring urinary retention.
Intra- and inter-individual variability in measurements of biomarkers for oxidative damage in vivo: Nutrition and Breast Health Study.
Intercalating polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts poison DNA religation by Vaccinia topoisomerase and act as roadblocks to digestion by exonuclease III.
Translesion synthesis across polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diol epoxide adducts of deoxyadenosine by Sulfolobus solfataricus DNA polymerase Dpo4.
Preconception maternal polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and the secondary sex ratio.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and breast cancer: a pooled analysis.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma and the embryonic development in Lake Erie water snakes (Nerodia sipedon insularum) from Pelee Island, Ontario, Canada (1999).
Validation and calibration of a model used to reconstruct historical exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons for use in epidemiologic studies.
Does living near a Superfund site contribute to higher polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure?
In long-term bedridden elderly patients with dietary copper deficiency, biochemical markers of bone resorption are increased with copper supplementation during 12 weeks.
Urinary flavonoids and phenolic acids as biomarkers of intake for polyphenol-rich foods.
Association between serum ferritin, hemoglobin, iron intake, and diabetes in adults in Jiangsu, China.
Male cardiovascular mortality and dietary markers in 25 population samples of 16 countries.
Human sensitivity to PhIP: a novel marker for prostate cancer risk.
Preliminary study of Ochratoxin A in human plasma in agricultural zones of Chile and its relation to food consumption.
Measurement of urinary monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons using automated liquid-liquid extraction and gas chromatography/isotope dilution high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Polychlorinated biphenyl quinone metabolites poison human topoisomerase IIalpha: altering enzyme function by blocking the N-terminal protein gate.
Relationship of alcohol intake and sex steroid concentrations in blood in pre- and post-menopausal women: the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Lycopene consumption decreases oxidative stress and bone resorption markers in postmenopausal women.
Reduced antibody responses to vaccinations in children exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Effects of exposure of pre-pubertal boars to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on their frozen-thawed sperm viability post-puberty.
Exposure to phthalates in neonatal intensive care unit infants: urinary concentrations of monoesters and oxidative metabolites.
Association of dietary fiber with temporal changes in serum cholesterol in Japanese-Brazilians.
Role of alpha-tocopherol on antioxidant status in liver, lung and kidney of PCB exposed male albino rats.
alpha-Tocopherol intake and plasma concentration of Hispanic and non-Hispanic white elders is associated with dietary intake pattern.
Which questionnaire? A psychometric evaluation of three patient-based outcome measures used to assess surgery for stress urinary incontinence.
Increase of plasma fibrinogen levels and variability with age in a sample of middle aged healthy men.
Improved glucuronide hydrolysis in the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Multipathway polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and pyrene exposure among children living in Campania (Italy).
Reproducibility of whole-body 131I scan and serum thyrotropin and stimulated thyroglobulin values in patients studied twice after injection of recombinant human thyrotropin.
Coffee consumption and markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in healthy and diabetic women.
Reliability of serum assays of iron status in postmenopausal women.
Children show highest levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in a California family of four: a case study.
Association of serum concentration of organochlorine pesticides with dietary intake and other lifestyle factors among urban Chinese women.
Development of physiologically based toxicokinetic models for improving the human indoor exposure assessment to water contaminants: trichloroethylene and trihalomethanes.
Increased health risk in Bangkok children exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from traffic-related sources.
Reliability criteria of a bioassay using rats trained to detect estrus-specific odor in cow urine.
Determination of ethyl sulfate--a marker for recent ethanol consumption--in human urine by CE with indirect UV detection.
Sensitive headspace gas chromatography-mass spectrometry determination of trihalomethanes in urine.
Wide variability in laboratory reference values for serum testosterone.
A meta-analysis of literature data relating to the relationships between cadmium intake and toxicity indicators in humans.
Determination of glucuronidated 5-hydroxytryptophol (GTOL), a marker of recent alcohol intake, by ELISA technique.
New marker of colon cancer risk associated with heme intake: 1,4-dihydroxynonane mercapturic acid.
Phytosterols, but not pectin, added to a high-saturated-fat diet modify saturated fatty acid excretion in relation to chain length.
Interannual variability of Black-legged Kittiwake productivity is reflected in baseline plasma corticosterone.
Inflammation and oxidative stress markers by pentoxifylline treatment in rats with chronic renal failure and high sodium intake.
Reliability of urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin as a biomarker in breast cancer.
Development and validation of a food frequency questionnaire for the assessment of dietary total antioxidant capacity.
Response inhibition during Differential Reinforcement of Low Rates (DRL) schedules may be sensitive to low-level polychlorinated biphenyl, methylmercury, and lead exposure in children.
Effects of an antiatherogenic diet during pregnancy on markers of maternal and fetal endothelial activation and inflammation: the CARRDIP study.
PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB in human blood and milk from German mothers.
Determination of phenolic metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine as their pentafluorobenzyl ether derivatives using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Immunologic effects of perinatal exposure to dioxins, PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in Japanese infants.
An increase in dietary n-3 fatty acids decreases a marker of bone resorption in humans.
A study on PCB, PCDD/PCDF industrial contamination in a mixed urban-agricultural area significantly affecting the food chain and the human exposure. Part I: soil and feed.
Strong interference of hemoglobin concentration on CSF total protein measurement using the trichloroacetic acid precipitation method.
A psychoacoustical model for specifying the level and spectrum of acoustic warning signals in the workplace.
Developmental dental defects in children exposed to PCBs in eastern Slovakia.
Metabolic enzyme induction by HepG2 cells exposed to oxygenated and nonoxygenated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polyaromatic hydrocarbon and PAH metabolite burdens in oiled common guillemots (Uria aalge) stranded on the east coast of England (2001 -2002).
Production of inflammatory cytokines by peripheral blood monocytes in chronic alcoholism: relationship with ethanol intake and liver disease.
Effects of aqueous exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (Aroclor 1254) on physiology and behavior of smolt development of Atlantic salmon.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs), polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs), and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in the serum of US Air Force veterans in 2002.
Effects of vitamins C and E on steroidogenic enzymes mRNA expression in polychlorinated biphenyl (Aroclor 1254) exposed adult rat Leydig cells.
An optimized method for detecting gamma-H2AX in blood cells reveals a significant interindividual variation in the gamma-H2AX response among humans.
Variability of parvovirus B19 to inactivation by liquid heating in plasma products.
OPEN about obesity: recovery biomarkers, dietary reporting errors and BMI.
Assessment of intra- and interobserver reproducibility of rest and cold pressor test-stimulated myocardial blood flow with (13)N-ammonia and PET.
The association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and fasting indices of glucose homoeostasis: the ATTICA Study.
DNA damage, a biomarker of carcinogenesis: its measurement and modulation by diet and environment.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in the blood of pregnant women living in an agricultural community in California.
Pilot study of urinary biomarkers of phytoestrogens, phthalates, and phenols in girls.
Mediterranean diet, endothelial function and vascular inflammatory markers.
Environmental exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Reliability of white blood cell scan in the follow-up of osteomyelitis.
Internal phthalate exposure over the last two decades--a retrospective human biomonitoring study.
Magnesium intake and plasma concentrations of markers of systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in women.
Grilled meat consumption and PhIP-DNA adducts in prostate carcinogenesis.
Exposure of Americans to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Urinary excretion of 13 dietary flavonoids and phenolic acids in free-living healthy subjects - variability and possible use as biomarkers of polyphenol intake.
Association of maternal fat and alcohol intake with maternal and umbilical hormone levels and birth weight.
Analysis of urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in incineration workers.
Dietary carbohydrate content influences boron's effect on lipid and protein indices in rats.
Reliability of near-infrared spectroscopy measures of cerebral oxygenation and blood volume during handgrip exercise in nondisabled and traumatic brain-injured subjects.
A comparison of three solvent-free techniques coupled with gas chromatography for determining trihalomethanes in urine samples.
3-Hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene in the urine of workers with occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in different industries.
Factor structure and validity of the Medication Adherence Questionnaire (MAQ) with cigarette smokers trying to quit.
Relative validity of fruit and vegetable intake estimated by the food frequency questionnaire used in the Danish National Birth Cohort.
Oxidative stress modulates membrane bound ATPases in brain regions of PCB (Aroclor 1254) exposed rats: protective role of alpha-tocopherol.
Variability in apo(a) gene regulatory sequences, compound genotypes, and association with Lp(a) plasma levels.
Trichotillometry: the reliability and practicality of hair pluckability as a method of nutritional assessment.
Development and validation of four-item version of Male Sexual Health Questionnaire to assess ejaculatory dysfunction.
Dietary exposure to methyl mercury and PCB and the associations with semen parameters among Swedish fishermen.
Development and validation of the Diabetes Obstacles Questionnaire (DOQ) to assess obstacles in living with Type 2 diabetes.
Urine flavonoids and plasma carotenoids in the validation of fruit, vegetable and tea intake during pregnancy in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Reproducibility of serum sex steroid assays in men by RIA and mass spectrometry.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasonographic measurement of equine digital blood flow.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess folate intake of Dutch elderly people.
Associations between postprandial insulin and blood glucose responses, appetite sensations and energy intake in normal weight and overweight individuals: a meta-analysis of test meal studies.
Studies of a urinary biomarker of dietary inorganic sulphur in subjects on diets containing 1-38 mmol sulphur/day and of the half-life of ingested 34SO4(2-).
Nutrition education alone improves dietary practices but not hematologic indices of adolescent girls in Iran.
Path analysis of biomarkers of exposure and early biological effects among coke-oven workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Serum and dietary vitamin E in relation to prostate cancer risk.
Within-individual stability of obesity-related biomarkers among women.
The reliability of the frequency-volume chart in assessing lower urinary tract symptoms.
Application of proteomic technologies to discover and identify biomarkers for excessive alcohol consumption: a review.
Oxytocinergic and serotonergic systems involvement in sodium intake regulation: satiety or hypertonicity markers?
Biological monitoring of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) by determination of monohydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene and pyrene in urine.
Relationship of dietary protein and soy isoflavones to serum IGF-1 and IGF binding proteins in the Prostate Cancer Lifestyle Trial.
Liver-specific increase of UTP and UDP-sugar concentrations in rats induced by dietary vitamin B6-deficiency and its relation to complex N-glycan structures of liver membrane-proteins.
Reproducibility of the capsaicin-induced dermal blood flow response as assessed by laser Doppler perfusion imaging.
Part of the interindividual variation in serum testosterone levels in healthy men reflects differences in androgen sensitivity and feedback set point: contribution of the androgen receptor polyglutamine tract polymorphism.
Higher urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration is associated with cooking practice in a Chinese population.
HPLC with diode-array detection for the simultaneous determination of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in seminal plasma.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in cervix of women infected with carcinogenic human papillomavirus types: an immunohistochemistry study.
Congener profiles of occupational PCB exposure versus PCB exposure from fish consumption.
Alterations in the autonomic control of heart rate variability in patients with anorexia or bulimia nervosa: correlations between sympathovagal activity, clinical features, and leptin levels.
Inflammatory markers are not altered by an eight week dietary alpha-linolenic acid intervention in healthy abdominally obese adult males and females.
Comparison between plasma and erythrocyte fatty acid content as biomarkers of fatty acid intake in US women.
Systolic arterial pressure variability reflects circulating blood volume alterations in hemorrhagic shock in rabbits.
Plasma n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as biomarkers of their dietary intakes: a cross-sectional study within a cohort of middle-aged French men and women.
A randomized trial of a hypocaloric high-protein diet, with and without exercise, on weight loss, fitness, and markers of the Metabolic Syndrome in overweight and obese women.
Elevation protective role of Camellia sinensis and Urtica dioica infusion against trichloroacetic acid-exposed in rats.
Genetic variation of TP53, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-related exposures, and breast cancer risk among women on Long Island, New York.
Directing role of organic anion transporters in the excretion of mercapturic acids of alkylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
An analysis of the relationship between plasma urea and ammonia concentration in dairy cattle fed a consistent diet over a 100-day period.
Biomarkers of the intake of dietary polyphenols: strengths, limitations and application in nutrition research.
Variability in teicoplanin protein binding and its prediction using serum albumin concentrations.
Biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH)-associated hemolytic anemia in oiled wildlife.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers relative to job category, respirator usage, and cigarette smoking.
Developmental exposure to decabromodiphenyl ether (PBDE 209): effects on thyroid hormone and hepatic enzyme activity in male mouse offspring.
Genetic variability of human diamine oxidase: occurrence of three nonsynonymous polymorphisms and study of their effect on serum enzyme activity.
Evaluation of folate status by serum and erythrocyte folate levels and dietary folate intake in Taiwanese schoolchildren.
Blood HDL cholesterol levels influence association of alcohol intake with blood pressure in young men but not in middle-aged men.
Blood levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children of Lucknow, India.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers associated with consumption of marine and freshwater fish in Hong Kong.
Consumption of isoflavone-rich soy protein does not alter homocysteine or markers of inflammation in postmenopausal women.
Analysis of the uncertainty in internal dose estimate resulting from biological stochastic variability of excretion.
The association of a tobacco-specific biomarker and cigarette consumption and its dependence on host characteristics.
Design characteristics of food frequency questionnaires in relation to their validity.
Mapping gene expression changes in the fetal rat testis following acute dibutyl phthalate exposure defines a complex temporal cascade of responding cell types.
Total alpha-tocopherol intakes are associated with serum alpha-tocopherol concentrations in African American adults.
Variability of mycophenolate mofetil trough levels in stable kidney transplant patients.
Phthalates: toxicology and exposure.
Comparison of demography, diet, lifestyle, and serum lipid levels between the Guangxi Bai Ku Yao and Han populations.
PAH-DNA adducts in a Chinese population: relationship to PAH exposure, smoking and polymorphisms of metabolic and DNA repair genes.
Analysis of DNA adducts formed in vivo in rats and mice from 1,2-dibromoethane, 1,2-dichloroethane, dibromomethane, and dichloromethane using HPLC/accelerator mass spectrometry and relevance to risk estimates.
Effect of consumption of the nutrient-dense, freshwater small fish Amblypharyngodon mola on biochemical indicators of vitamin A status in Bangladeshi children: a randomised, controlled study of efficacy.
Low folate status enhanced benzene-induced cytogenetic damage in bone marrow of mice: a relationship between dietary intake and tissue levels of folate.
Reliability of urinary albumin, total protein, and creatinine assays after prolonged storage: the Family Investigation of Nephropathy and Diabetes.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by acid hydrolysis coupled to solid-phase microextraction and semi-microcolumn liquid chromatography.
Gene expression variability in subcutaneous and omental adipose tissue of obese men.
Validation of the Dutch version of the brief young adult alcohol consequences questionnaire (B-YAACQ).
Elevated PBDE levels in pet cats: sentinels for humans?
Exposure to heterocyclic aromatic amines from the consumption of cooked red meat and its effect on human cancer risk: a review.
DNA adducts formation and induction of apoptosis in rat liver epithelial 'stem-like' cells exposed to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Viral infection and PBDE exposure interact on CYP gene expression and enzyme activities in the mouse liver.
The influence of diagnosis, intra- and inter-person variability on serum and plasma Abeta levels.
Genome scan for determinants of serum uric acid variability.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human umbilical cord serum, paternal serum, maternal serum, placentas, and breast milk from Madrid population, Spain.
Decreased blood antioxidant capacity and increased lipid peroxidation in young cigarette smokers compared to nonsmokers: Impact of dietary intake.
Is plasma vitamin C an appropriate biomarker of vitamin C intake? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Determination of chemopreventive role of Foeniculum vulgare and Salvia officinalis infusion on trichloroacetic acid-induced increased serum marker enzymes lipid peroxidation and antioxidative defense systems in rats.
Common haplotypes of the C-reactive protein gene and circulating leptin levels influence the interindividual variability in serum C-reactive protein levels. The Segovia study.
Long-term strict raw food diet is associated with favourable plasma beta-carotene and low plasma lycopene concentrations in Germans.
Maternal exposure to water disinfection by-products during gestation and risk of hypospadias.
Relationships of blood lead to calcium, iron, and vitamin C intakes in Brazilian pregnant women.
Addition of oat hulls to an extruded rice-based diet for weaner pigs ameliorates the incidence of diarrhoea and reduces indices of protein fermentation in the gastrointestinal tract.
Metabolite profiles of di-n-butyl phthalate in humans and rats.
Prostate-specific antigen levels in relation to cadmium exposure and zinc intake: results from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group C genotypes/diplotypes play no independent or interaction role with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adducts for breast cancer risk.
High serum PCBs are associated with elevation of serum lipids and cardiovascular disease in a Native American population.
Evaluation of urinary iodine excretion as a biomarker for intake of milk and dairy products in pregnant women in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Urinary phthalate metabolites and semen quality: a review of a potential biomarker of susceptibility.
Coffee consumption is associated with higher plasma adiponectin concentrations in women with or without type 2 diabetes: a prospective cohort study.
Prenatal caffeine assessment: fetal and maternal biomarkers or self-reported intake?
Determinants of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in an urban population.
Development, implementation, and evaluation of a computerized self-administered diet history questionnaire for use in studies of American Indian and Alaskan native people.
Critical care nurses' knowledge of evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with central venous catheters: an evaluation questionnaire.
Genetic variability in the SNCA gene influences alpha-synuclein levels in the blood and brain.
Real-time heart rate variability and its correlation with plasma catecholamines during laparoscopic adrenal pheochromocytoma surgery.
Development and validation of a brief food frequency questionnaire for dietary lutein and zeaxanthin intake assessment in Italian women.
Evaluation of reproducibility of protein identification results after multidimensional human serum protein separation.
Reproducibility of serum protein profiling by systematic assessment using solid-phase extraction and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry.
Detection and quantification of sucrose as dietary biomarker using gas chromatography and liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry.
Strategies for synthesis of adducts of omicron-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides.
A decay model for assessing polybrominated biphenyl exposure among women in the Michigan Long-Term PBB Study.
Urinary deoxynivalenol is correlated with cereal intake in individuals from the United kingdom.
Prenatal PCB exposure and thymus size at birth in neonates in Eastern Slovakia.
Chronic renal failure among farm families in cascade irrigation systems in Sri Lanka associated with elevated dietary cadmium levels in rice and freshwater fish (Tilapia).
Plasma S-adenosylhomocysteine is a better biomarker of atherosclerosis than homocysteine in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice fed high dietary methionine.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HP) in environmental and occupational studies--a review.
Reliability of the 24-h sensation-related bladder diary in women with urinary incontinence.
Dietary choline and betaine intakes in relation to concentrations of inflammatory markers in healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
Precision limits and interval estimation in the calibration of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and hexachlorbenzene in water, applying the regression triplet procedure on chromatographic data.
Assessment of interactions between PAH exposure and genetic polymorphisms on PAH-DNA adducts in African American, Dominican, and Caucasian mothers and newborns.
1-Hydroxypyrene in milk and urine as a bioindicator of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure of ruminants.
Relationships between the concentrations of trichloroacetic acid-soluble copper and caeruloplasmin in the serum of cattle from areas with different soil concentrations of molybdenum.
Variability of myocardial blood flow measurements by magnetic resonance imaging in the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.
Effects of fifteen PBDE metabolites, DE71, DE79 and TBBPA on steroidogenesis in the H295R cell line.
Serum trace elements in tube-fed neurological dysphagia patients correlate with nutritional indices but do not correlate with trace element intakes: case of patients receiving enough trace elements intake.
Monitoring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon pollution in the marine environment after the Prestige oil spill by means of seabird blood analysis.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and bioaccumulative hydroxylated PBDE metabolites in young humans from Managua, Nicaragua.
Consumption of green tea favorably affects oxidative stress markers in weight-trained men.
Dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is inversely associated with CRP levels, especially among male smokers.
Serum concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polybrominated biphenyl (PBB) in the United States population: 2003-2004.
Light to moderate alcohol consumption is associated with S100beta and amyloid beta levels in healthy older adults.
Effects of moderate alcohol consumption on inflammatory biomarkers.
Dietary supplementation of glycine modulates inflammatory response indicators in broiler chickens.
Reliability and validity of a questionnaire to measure colorectal cancer screening behaviors: does mode of survey administration matter?
Relationships of body mass index with serum carotenoids, tocopherols and retinol at steady-state and in response to a carotenoid-rich vegetable diet intervention in Filipino schoolchildren.
Erythrocyte indices, microminerals and ratios, antioxidants and lipids in Centrum Materna diet-supplemented Omani mothers.
The ongoing variability in blood transfusion practices in cardiac surgery.
Fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and blood in humans and its use as a biomarker of dietary intake.
PBBs, PBDEs, and PCBs levels in hair of residents around e-waste disassembly sites in Zhejiang Province, China, and their potential sources.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyl profiles of workers with trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol exposures.
The association between alcohol consumption and biomarkers of alcohol exposure with total serum immunoglobulin E levels.
Biomarkers of dietary intake of flavonoids and phenolic acids for studying diet-cancer relationship in humans.
Direct measurement of the glucuronide conjugate of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by using liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry.
Genetic variation of plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 in young crossbred ewes and its relationship with their maintenance feed intake at maturity and production traits.
Correlation between changes in blood fatty acid composition and visual sustained attention performance in children with inattention: effect of dietary n-3 fatty acids containing phospholipids.
Association of diet and lifestyle with blood pressure in the Guangxi Hei Yi Zhuang and Han populations.
Reliability of urine collection pads for routine and metabolic biochemistry in infants and young children.
Cryptorchidism at birth in Nice area (France) is associated with higher prenatal exposure to PCBs and DDE, as assessed by colostrum concentrations.
Value of ethyl glucuronide in plasma as a biomarker for recent alcohol consumption in the emergency room.
The Portuguese validation of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Vaginal Symptoms (ICIQ-VS) for Brazilian women with pelvic organ prolapse.
Coping with a challenging environment: effects of seasonal variability and reproductive status on glucocorticoid concentrations of female baboons (Papio cynocephalus).
Occupational PAH exposures during prescribed pile burns.
Evaluation of associations between lifetime exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products and bladder cancer in dogs.
Association between dietary fiber and markers of systemic inflammation in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study.
Renal structure and function evaluation of rats from dams that received increased sodium intake during pregnancy and lactation submitted or not to 5/6 nephrectomy.
Evaluation of the repeatability of ultra-performance liquid chromatography-TOF-MS for global metabolic profiling of human urine samples.
99mTc-HMPAO labelled white blood cell scintigraphy in patients with osteoarticular infection: the value of late images for diagnostic accuracy and interobserver reproducibility.
Evidence for interindividual heterogeneity in the glucose gradient across the human red blood cell membrane and its relationship to hemoglobin glycation.
Dietary factors associated with plasma high molecular weight and total adiponectin levels in apparently healthy women.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in serum: findings from a US cohort of consumers of sport-caught fish.
Effects of phthalate ester derivatives including oxidized metabolites on coactivator recruiting by PPARalpha and PPARgamma.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from Beijing, China.
Inflammatory markers and visceral fat are inversely associated with maximal oxygen consumption in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Increased levels of urinary nitrite and nitrotyrosine in Yusho victims 40 years after accidental poisoning with polychlorinated biphenyls in Nagasaki, Japan.
A cohort study of in utero polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposures in relation to secondary sex ratio.
PCDDs/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs: recent body burden levels and their determinants among general inhabitants in Japan.
Relation of iron and red meat intake to blood pressure: cross sectional epidemiological study.
Blocking pterygopalatine arterial blood flow decreases infarct volume variability in a mouse model of intraluminal suture middle cerebral artery occlusion.
Morphology and morphometry of the reproductive organs in prepubertal and postpubertal male pigs exposed to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate before puberty: Precocious development of bulbourethral glands.
CYP2D6 and ABCB1 genetic variability: influence on paroxetine plasma level and therapeutic response.
Diagnostic accuracy, reproducibility and robustness of fibrosis blood tests in chronic hepatitis C: a meta-analysis with individual data.
Arabic validation of the Urogenital Distress Inventory and Adapted Incontinence Impact Questionnaires--short forms.
Lower fasting blood glucose, glucose variability and nocturnal hypoglycaemia with glargine vs NPH basal insulin in subjects with Type 1 diabetes.
Donor variability in HIV binding to peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Maternal and infant urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations: are they related?
Interethnic variability of plasma paraoxonase (PON1) activity towards organophosphates and PON1 polymorphisms among Asian populations--a short review.
Linking exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls with fatty fish consumption and reduced fetal growth among Danish pregnant women: a cause for concern?
Congener-specific analysis of non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 127 elderly residents in Nakagawa Town, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Plasma alkylresorcinols and urinary alkylresorcinol metabolites as biomarkers of cereal fiber intake in Finnish women.
Peripheral MR angiography with blood pool contrast agent: prospective intraindividual comparative study of high-spatial-resolution steady-state MR angiography versus standard-resolution first-pass MR angiography and DSA.
The effect of genetic variation in the type 1 deiodinase gene on the interindividual variation in serum thyroid hormone levels: an investigation in healthy Danish twins.
Phthalate exposure among pregnant women in Jerusalem, Israel: results of a pilot study.
Can glycaemic variability, as calculated from blood glucose self-monitoring, predict the development of complications in type 1 diabetes over a decade?
Negative association between plasma levels of adiponectin and polychlorinated biphenyl 153 in obese women under non-energy-restrictive regime.
Maternal di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate exposure influences essential fatty acid homeostasis in rat placenta.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and thyroid hormone serum concentrations among people living in a highly polluted area: a cross-sectional population-based study.
Associations of alcohol consumption with blood pressure, lipoproteins, and subclinical inflammation among Turks.
Meta-analysis of the quantity of calcium excretion associated with the net acid excretion of the modern diet under the acid-ash diet hypothesis.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire measurement of dietary acrylamide intake using hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and glycidamide.
Genetic and epigenetic variability in the gene for IGFBP-3 (IGFBP3): correlation with serum IGFBP-3 levels and growth in short children born small for gestational age.
Deficiency and supplementation of PUFA in the diet have similar effects on the age-associated changes in rat-plasma cholesterol levels.
Environmental phthalate exposure in relation to reproductive outcomes and other health endpoints in humans.
Temporal changes in PCB and DDE levels among a cohort of frequent and infrequent consumers of Great Lakes sportfish.
Development and validation of the short form of a urinary quality of life questionnaire: SF-Qualiveen.
Association between alcohol intake and serum sex hormones and peptides differs by tamoxifen use in breast cancer survivors.
An exposure study with polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in female European starlings (Sturnus vulgaris): toxicokinetics and reproductive effects.
Effects of perinatal PBDE exposure on hepatic phase I, phase II, phase III, and deiodinase 1 gene expression involved in thyroid hormone metabolism in male rat pups.
Dietary intake of meat and meat-derived heterocyclic aromatic amines and their correlation with DNA adducts in female breast tissue.
Interobserver reproducibility in the interpretation of 99mTc-labelled white blood cell scintigraphic images.
Mercury in human hair as an indicator of the fish consumption.
Antioxidant effects of a dietary supplement: reduction of indices of oxidative stress in normal subjects by water-soluble chitosan.
Monetary cost of self-reported diet in relation to biomarker-based estimates of nutrient intake in young Japanese women.
Hepatoprotective role and antioxidant capacity of pomegranate (Punica granatum) flowers infusion against trichloroacetic acid-exposed in rats.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure suppresses cytokines important in the defence to coxsackievirus B3 infection in mice.
Serum dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls, and endometriosis: a case-control study in Atlanta.
Variability, heritability and environmental determinants of human plasma N-glycome.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid profiles and their association with food intakes: results from a cross-sectional study within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Contribution of methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides to the toxicity of a contaminant mixture based on Canadian Arctic population blood profiles.
QT interval prolongation and decreased heart rate variability in cirrhotic patients: relevance of hepatic venous pressure gradient and serum calcium.
Dietary exposure to 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (PBDE-47) alters thyroid status and thyroid hormone-regulated gene transcription in the pituitary and brain.
Within-person variation of the plasma concentration of B-type natriuretic peptide: safety range in stable patients with heart failure.
Total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein in young Japanese women.
Quantification of 13 priority polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine by headspace solid-phase microextraction gas chromatography-isotope dilution mass spectrometry.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and PAH exposure in 4-year-old Spanish children.
Aortic vessel wall magnetic resonance imaging at 3.0 Tesla: a reproducibility study of respiratory navigator gated free-breathing 3D black blood magnetic resonance imaging.
Plasma adiponectin concentrations are associated with body composition and plant-based dietary factors in female twins.
Innovative application of fluoro tagging to trace airborne particulate and gas-phase polybrominated diphenyl ether exposures.
13C natural abundance in serum retinol acts as a biomarker for increases in dietary provitamin A.
Particle size distributions and health-related exposures of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) of sinter plant workers.
Applicability and reproducibility of biomarkers for the evaluation of anti-inflammatory therapy in allergic rhinitis.
Citrus fruit intake is associated with lower serum bilirubin concentration among women with the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism.
Evaluation of relative intake of fatty acids according to the Northern Sweden FFQ with fatty acid levels in erythrocyte membranes as biomarkers.
Levels of PCDD/F in adipose tissue on non-occupationally exposed subjects living near a hazardous waste incinerator in Catalonia, Spain.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBs) in livers of harbor seals (Phoca vitulina) from San Francisco Bay, California and Gulf of Maine.
Latency and persistence of diet volatile biomarkers in lamb fats.
Reproducibility patterns of plasma norepinephrine and muscle sympathetic nerve traffic in human obesity.
Inter- and intra-individual differences in serum copper and zinc concentrations after feeding different amounts of copper and zinc over two lactations.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in breast milk from North China: implication of exposure pathways.
The influence of dietary selenium on common indicators of selenium status and liver glutathione peroxidase-1 messenger ribonucleic acid.
Validation of the folate food frequency questionnaire in vegetarians.
Validation of the folate food frequency questionnaire with serum and erythrocyte folate and plasma homocysteine.
Dietary selenium intake is negatively associated with serum sialic acid and metabolic syndrome features in healthy young adults.
Dietary sources of vitamin B-12 and their association with plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations in the general population: the Hordaland Homocysteine Study.
Inter- and intra-individual variations of urinary endogenous metabolites in healthy male college students using (1)H NMR spectroscopy.
Incontinence quality of life questionnaire (I-QOL): translation and validation study of the Iranian version.
Lutein concentration in human milk during early lactation and its relationship with dietary lutein intake.
PBDEs in US and German clothes dryer lint: a potential source of indoor contamination and exposure.
Changes in biochemical indices of bone metabolism in post-menopausal women following a dietary intervention with fortified dairy products.
Whole blood aggregation, coagulation, and markers of platelet activation in diet-induced diabetic C57BL/6J mice.
Effect of broccoli intake on markers related to oxidative stress and cancer risk in healthy smokers and nonsmokers.
Maternal urinary metabolites of Di-(2-Ethylhexyl) phthalate in relation to the timing of labor in a US multicenter pregnancy cohort study.
Involuntary tobacco smoke exposure and urinary levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the United States, 1999 to 2002.
Interobserver reliability of urine sediment interpretation.
The EORTC Quality of Life Questionnaire for patients with prostate cancer: EORTC QLQ-PR25. Validation study for Spanish patients.
Using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry to quantify monohydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine.
Reliability of tumor markers, chemokines, and metastasis-related molecules in serum.
Reproductive effects of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in immature male rats and its relation to cholesterol, testosterone, and thyroxin levels.
No changes in lymphocyte muscarinic receptors and platelet monoamine oxidase-B examined as surrogate central nervous system biomarkers in a Faroese children cohort prenatally exposed to methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Variability in biomarkers of arsenic exposure and metabolism in adults over time.
Autoantibodies against epidermal transglutaminase are a sensitive diagnostic marker in patients with dermatitis herpetiformis on a normal or gluten-free diet.
Breed-associated variability in serum biochemical analytes in four large-breed dogs.
Urinary calcium excretion in non-lactating dairy cows in relation to intake of fat-coated rice bran.
Increased CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T cells in peripheral blood of celiac disease patients: correlation with dietary treatment.
Evaluation of an FFQ for assessment of antioxidant intake using plasma biomarkers in an ethnically diverse population.
Variability of aortic blood flow predicts fluid responsiveness in spontaneously breathing healthy volunteers.
Associations of maternal prenatal dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids with maternal and umbilical cord blood levels.
Repeatability of a dual gradient-recalled echo MRI method for monitoring post-isometric contraction blood volume and oxygenation changes.
Relationship between caffeine intake and plasma sex hormone concentrations in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Comparison of ethyl glucuronide in hair with carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum as markers of chronic high levels of alcohol consumption.
The development and evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire used in assessing vitamin D intake in a sample of healthy young Canadian adults of diverse ancestry.
The association between diet and serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Observer accuracy and reproducibility of visual estimation of blood loss in obstetrics: how accurate and consistent are health-care professionals?
Ala54Thr polymorphism of the fatty acid binding protein 2 gene and saturated fat intake in relation to lipid levels and insulin resistance: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study.
Cutaneous lycopene and beta-carotene levels measured by resonance Raman spectroscopy: high reliability and sensitivity to oral lactolycopene deprivation and supplementation.
Association between dietary heterocyclic amine levels, genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 and risk of colorectal cancer: a hospital-based case-control study in Japan.
Stroke and plasma markers of milk fat intake--a prospective nested case-control study.
Genetic associations of residual feed intake with serum insulin-like growth factor-I and leptin concentrations, meat quality, and carcass cross sectional fat area ratios in Duroc pigs.
Women with endometriosis improved their peripheral antioxidant markers after the application of a high antioxidant diet.
Impact of water stagnation in residential cold and hot water plumbing on concentrations of trihalomethanes and haloacetic acids.
The University of Michigan Dioxin Exposure Study: methods for an environmental exposure study of polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and biphenyls.
Validation of urinary trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and their hydroxylated analogs in plasma of bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) from the United States east coast.
Blood phenylalanine concentrations in patients with PAH-deficient hyperphenylalaninaemia off diet without and with three different single oral doses of tetrahydrobiopterin: assessing responsiveness in a model of statistical process control.
Global and gene-specific promoter methylation changes are related to anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct levels and influence micronuclei levels in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed individuals.
The impact of early hypoglycemia and blood glucose variability on outcome in critical illness.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the serum and breast milk of the resident population from production area, China.
Interindividual variation of maximal blood levels of tacrolimus after its oral administration in hematopoietic cell transplant recipients.
Serum concentrations of chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans among former New Zealand trichlorophenol workers.
Validation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12) in a Turkish population.
Determination of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human hair by gas chromatography-negative chemical ionization mass spectrometry.
Investigation of PAH biomarkers in the urine of workers exposed to hot asphalt.
Carotenoid, tocopherol, and fatty acid biomarkers and dietary intake estimated by using a brief self-administered diet history questionnaire for older Japanese children and adolescents.
Relation between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and human semen quality.
Institutional variability of intraoperative red blood cell utilization in coronary artery bypass graft surgery.
Quantifying calcium intake in school age children: development and validation of the Calcium Counts! food frequency questionnaire.
Dietary intakes of alpha-linolenic and linoleic acids are inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein levels among Japanese men.
Correlation of erythrocyte fatty acid composition and dietary intakes with markers of atherosclerosis in patients with myocardial infarction.
Diet and serum micronutrients in relation to cervical neoplasia and cancer among low-income Brazilian women.
Sample stability and variability of B-cell subsets in blood from healthy subjects and patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Dietary patterns and cardiovascular risk markers in the UK Low Income Diet and Nutrition Survey.
Predictors of variability in urinary incontinence and overactive bladder symptoms.
Variability, related factors and normal reference value of post-void residual urine in healthy kindergarteners.
Variability of urinary concentrations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolite in general population and comparison of spot, first-morning, and 24-h void sampling.
Total antioxidant performance is associated with diet and serum antioxidants in participants of the diet and physical activity substudy of the Jackson Heart Study.
Stability and reproducibility of a single-sample urinary C-peptide/creatinine ratio and its correlation with 24-h urinary C-peptide.
Intra- and interlaboratory variability of allergen-specific IgE levels in atopic dogs in three different laboratories using the Fc-epsilon receptor testing.
Estimating food intakes in Australia: validation of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) food frequency questionnaire against weighed dietary intakes.
Adolescent alcohol consumption: biomarkers PEth and FAEE in relation to interview and questionnaire data.
Ultra-trace determination of phthalate ester metabolites in seawater, sediments, and biota from an urbanized marine inlet by LC/ESI-MS/MS.
Hunting with lead: association between blood lead levels and wild game consumption.
Phthalates exposure and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in school-age children.
Maternal pregnancy levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of hypospadias and cryptorchidism in male offspring.
The increase in human plasma antioxidant capacity after acute coffee intake is not associated with endogenous non-enzymatic antioxidant components.
Fast and simple method for the determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Short-term high dietary calcium intake during bedrest has no effect on markers of bone turnover in healthy men.
Relationship between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and thyroid hormone levels in Chinese non-occupational exposure adult males.
Evaluation of automated stir bar sorptive extraction-thermal desorption-gas chromatography electron capture negative ion mass spectrometry for the analysis of PBDEs and PBBs in sheep and human serum.
Hydroxypyrene in urine of football players after playing on artificial sports field with tire crumb infill.
Prospective associations among cereal intake in childhood and adiposity, lipid levels, and physical activity during late adolescence.
The questionnaire for urinary incontinence diagnosis (QUID): validity and responsiveness to change in women undergoing non-surgical therapies for treatment of stress predominant urinary incontinence.
Variability in the upper limit of normal for serum alanine aminotransferase levels: a statewide study.
Reliability and relative validity of an FFQ for nutrients in the Tehran lipid and glucose study.
Hollow fibre-supported liquid membrane extraction and LC-MS/MS detection for the analysis of heterocyclic amines in urine samples.
Urinary phthalate monoesters and endometriosis in infertile Japanese women.
In vivo acute exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: effects on free and total thyroxine in rats.
Dietary patterns are linked to cardiovascular risk factors but not to inflammatory markers in Alaska Eskimos.
Reproducibility of fifteen urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites over a 2- to 3-year period in premenopausal women.
Validity of the Danish Prostate Symptom Score questionnaire in stroke.
Relationship between the concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in maternal blood and those in breast milk.
Characteristics of autonomic nervous system activity in men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS): analysis of heart rate variability in men with LUTS.
Iron status biomarkers in iron deficient women consuming oily fish versus red meat diet.
Combined treatment with Dif1stat and diet reduce plasma lipid indicators of moderate hypercholesterolemia more effectively than diet alone: a randomized trial in parallel groups.
Validation of a web-based dietary questionnaire designed for the DASH (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) diet: the DASH online questionnaire.
Dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in asphalt workers.
Levels and patterns of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in children's plasma from Dalian, China.
Differential expression of androgen and estrogen receptors in PCB (Aroclor 1254)-exposed rat ventral prostate: impact of alpha-tocopherol.
Reproductive hormones in relation to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites among non-occupational exposure of males.
Relationship between blood and urine alcohol concentrations in apprehended drivers who claimed consumption of alcohol after driving with and without supporting evidence.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolizing cytochrome P450s in freshly prepared uncultured rat blood lymphocytes.
Pleiotropy of C-reactive protein gene polymorphisms with C-reactive protein levels and heart rate variability in healthy male twins.
Development and reliability of an instrument to measure psychosocial determinants of salt consumption among hypertensive patients.
Clinical pharmacokinetics of the new oral camptothecin gimatecan: the inter-patient variability is related to alpha1-acid glycoprotein plasma levels.
The natural 13C abundance of plasma glucose is a useful biomarker of recent dietary caloric sweetener intake.
Exposure to hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in the prenatal period and subsequent neurodevelopment in eastern Slovakia.
The sex-specific role of plasma folate in mediating the association of dietary quality with depressive symptoms.
Polychlorinated biphenyl-mediated decrease in serum thyroxine level in rodents.
An exploratory study of diabetes in a First Nation community with respect to serum concentrations of p,p'-DDE and PCBs and fish consumption.
Prenatal exposure to PBDEs and neurodevelopment.
Variability of mammary blood flow in lactating Holstein-Friesian cows during the first twelve weeks of lactation.
Associations between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-related exposures and p53 mutations in breast tumors.
Validation of protein intake assessed from weighed dietary records against protein estimated from 24 h urine samples in children, adolescents and young adults participating in the Dortmund Nutritional and Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) Study.
11-nor-Delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid ethyl ester (THC-COOEt): unsuccessful search for a marker of combined cannabis and alcohol consumption.
Repeated measures of validated and novel biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in individuals living near an aluminum plant in Quebec, Canada.
Validity of brief food frequency questionnaire for estimation of dietary intakes of folate, vitamins B6 and B12, and their associations with plasma homocysteine concentrations.
Partitioning of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in serum and milk from the same mothers.
Intra- and inter-individual variations of blood and urinary water-soluble vitamins in Japanese young adults consuming a semi-purified diet for 7 days.
Association between hair mineral and age, BMI and nutrient intakes among Korean female adults.
Occupational exposure to PCBs reduces striatal dopamine transporter densities only in women: a beta-CIT imaging study.
Rapid simultaneous analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-hydroxyfluorene, 9-hydroxyphenanthrene, 1- and 2-naphthol in urine by first derivative synchronous fluorescence spectrometry using Tween-20 as a sensitizer.
PBDE concentrations in women's serum and fecundability.
The effect of saffron consumption on biochemical and histopathological heart indices of rats with myocardial infarction.
Genetic variants in the apelin system and blood pressure responses to dietary sodium interventions: a family-based association study.
Evaluation of stress systems by applying noninvasive methodologies: measurements of neuroimmune biomarkers in the sweat, heart rate variability and salivary cortisol.
Variability of gene expression profiles in human blood and lymphoblastoid cell lines.
Urinary profiles to assess polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure in coke-oven workers.
A novel AFM based method for force measurements between individual hair strands.
Evaluation of two different metabolic hypotheses for dichloromethane toxicity using physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling for in vivo inhalation gas uptake data exposure in female B6C3F1 mice.
Breast cancer and urinary biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and oxidative stress in the Shanghai Women's Health Study.
Continence definition after radical prostatectomy using urinary quality of life: evaluation of patient reported validated questionnaires.
Frequency of soup intake and amount of dietary fiber intake are inversely associated with plasma leptin concentrations in Japanese adults.
Effect of ezetimibe on hepatic fat, inflammatory markers, and apolipoprotein B-100 kinetics in insulin-resistant obese subjects on a weight loss diet.
Analysis of intracellular methotrexate polyglutamates in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis: effect of route of administration on variability in intracellular methotrexate polyglutamate concentrations.
Heart rate variability during and after peripheral blood stem cell leukapheresis in autologous transplant patients and allogeneic transplant donors.
Investigation of relationships between urinary biomarkers of phytoestrogens, phthalates, and phenols and pubertal stages in girls.
Reproducibility of plasma and urine biomarkers among premenopausal and postmenopausal women from the Nurses' Health Studies.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene -308 G/A polymorphism modulates the relationship between dietary fat intake, serum lipids, and obesity risk in black South African women.
High sucrose intake in rats is associated with increased ACE2 and angiotensin-(1-7) levels in the adipose tissue.
Exposures to particulate matter and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and oxidative stress in schoolchildren.
Comparison of the effects of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and ileal transposition surgeries on food intake, body weight, and circulating peptide YY concentrations in rats.
Joint effects of XRCC1 polymorphisms and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure on sperm DNA damage and male infertility.
Determination of heterocyclic amines in urine samples by capillary liquid chromatography with evaporated light-scattering detection.
Prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and children's intelligence at 5 years of age in a prospective cohort study in Poland.
Effect of individualized exercise training combined with diet restriction on inflammatory markers and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 in obese children.
Trichloroacetic acid in urine as biological exposure equivalent for low exposure concentrations of trichloroethene.
Repeatability and individual correlates of microbicidal capacity of bird blood.
Quality of life in patients with multiple sclerosis and urinary disorders: reliability and validity of Turkish-language version of Incontinence Quality of Life Scale.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and synthetic musks in umbilical cord serum, maternal serum, and breast milk from Seoul, South Korea.
High fruit intake is associated with a lower risk of future hypertension determined by home blood pressure measurement: the OHASAMA study.
Toxicity of Bromkal 70-5DE, a technical mixture of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, following 28 d of oral exposure in rats and impact of analysed impurities.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, biphenyls, and naphthalenes in plasma of workers deployed at the World Trade Center after the collapse.
Variability of estradiol concentration in normal dogs.
Comparison of pre-workout nitric oxide stimulating dietary supplements on skeletal muscle oxygen saturation, blood nitrate/nitrite, lipid peroxidation, and upper body exercise performance in resistance trained men.
Associations between mammographic density and serum and dietary cholesterol.
Changes in mucosal alpha-glucosidase activities along the jejunal-ileal axis by an Hm-HACS diet intake are associated with decreased lipogenic enzyme activity in epididymal adipose tissue.
Effects of chocolate milk consumption on markers of muscle recovery following soccer training: a randomized cross-over study.
Biomarkers of dietary exposure are associated with lower risk of breast fibroadenomas in Chinese women.
Evaluation of safety of excessive intake and efficacy of long-term intake of beverages containing apple polyphenols.
Validity of food frequency questionnaire estimated intakes of folate and other B vitamins in a region without folic acid fortification.
Serum albumin-bound proteomic signature for early detection and staging of hepatocarcinoma: sample variability and data classification.
Repeatability of feed efficiency, carcass ultrasound, feeding behavior, and blood metabolic variables in finishing heifers divergently selected for residual feed intake.
Blood concentration of methylmercury in relation to food consumption.
Plasma retinol and association with socio-demographic and dietary characteristics of free-living older persons: the Bordeaux sample of the three-city study.
Predicting PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB contamination levels in bovine edible tissues from in vivo sampling.
Chronic exposure and decontamination of a marine sculpin (Myoxocephalus scorpius) to polychlorinated biphenyls using selected body indices, blood values, histopathology, and parasites as bioindicators.
Heart rate variability and urinary catecholamines from job stress in korean male manufacturing workers according to work seniority.
Differential effects of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners on serum thyroid hormone levels in rats.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study.
Improvement of bone formation biomarkers after 1-year consumption with milk fortified with eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, and selected vitamins.
Reliability of anion gap calculated from data obtained using a blood gas analyzer: is the probability of error predictable?
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in oesophageal tissue and risk of oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma in north-eastern Iran.
Impact of gestational and lactational phthalate exposure on hypothalamic content of amino acid neurotransmitters and FSH secretion in peripubertal male rats.
Measurement of dietary intake of fatty acids in pregnant women: comparison of self-reported intakes with adipose tissue levels.
Comparison of different sources and degrees of hydrolysis of dietary protein: effect on plasma amino acids, dipeptides, and insulin responses in human subjects.
Renal function equations before and after living kidney donation: a within-individual comparison of performance at different levels of renal function.
Recent substance intake among patients admitted to acute psychiatric wards: physician's assessment and on-site urine testing compared with comprehensive laboratory analyses.
Is marine mammal fat or fish intake most strongly associated with omega-3 blood levels among the Nunavik Inuit?
Measuring the intra-individual variability of the plasma proteome in the chicken model of spontaneous ovarian adenocarcinoma.
Rapid assay for oestrogen receptor binding to PCB metabolites.
Development of a targeted adductomic method for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts using online column-switching liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Independent influence of dietary protein on markers of kidney function and disease in obesity.
PBDE exposure from food in Ireland: optimising data exploitation in probabilistic exposure modelling.
Reliability and relative validity of a quantitative food-frequency questionnaire for use among adults in Italian population.
Neurobehavioral effects of prenatal exposure to methylmercury and PCBs, and seafood intake: neonatal behavioral assessment scale results of Tohoku study of child development.
Phthalates Biomarker Identification and Exposure Estimates in a Population of Pregnant Women.
Postdiagnosis diet quality is inversely related to a biomarker of inflammation among breast cancer survivors.
Urinary fructose: a potential biomarker for dietary fructose intake in children.
An inverse association between serum leptin concentration and reported alcohol intake in patients with manifest vascular disease.
Linguistic validation of the N-QOL (ICIQ), OAB-q (ICIQ), PPBC, OAB-S and ICIQ-MLUTSsex questionnaires in 16 languages.
Biological monitoring of exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in six French factories: a field study.
Comparison of plasma and intake levels of antioxidant nutrients in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and healthy people in Taiwan: a case-control study.
Reproducibility of the gadolinium concentration measurements and of the fitting parameters of the vascular input function in the superior sagittal sinus in a patient population.
The relationship between aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen and heart rate variability parameters in heart failure patients: a potential serum marker to evaluate cardiac autonomic control and sudden cardiac death.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in binary mixtures modulate the efficiency of benzo[a]pyrene to form DNA adducts in human cells.
Novel pressurized solvent extraction vessels for the analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in avian whole blood.
Interrelationship between exposure to PCDD/Fs and hypertension in metabolic syndrome in Taiwanese living near a highly contaminated area.
Reliability and validity of food frequency questionnaire and nutrient biomarkers in elders with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Chocolate consumption is inversely associated with prevalent coronary heart disease: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Ecological risk assessment of great horned owls (Bubo virginianus) exposed to PCDD/DF in the Tittabawassee River floodplain in Midland, Michigan, USA.
Association of Japanese dietary pattern with serum adiponectin concentration in Japanese adult men.
HbA₁(c) and mean blood glucose show stronger associations with cardiovascular disease risk factors than do postprandial glycaemia or glucose variability in persons with diabetes: the A1C-Derived Average Glucose (ADAG) study.
Relationship of PCDD/F concentrations in duck-egg farmers and consumption of ranched duck eggs in central Taiwan.
How useful are the BSUG database outcome criteria: validation using the MESA questionnaire.
Heritability and seasonal variability of vitamin D concentrations in male twins.
Association of circulating visfatin concentrations with insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation after dietary energy restriction in Spanish obese non-diabetic women: role of body composition changes.
Urinary and serum metabolites of di-n-pentyl phthalate in rats.
Factors affecting variability in the urinary biomarker 1,6-hexamethylene diamine in workers exposed to 1,6-hexamethylene diisocyanate.
Impact of exercise and dietary fatty acid composition from a high-fat diet on markers of hunger and satiety.
Determination of new biomarkers to monitor the dietary consumption of isothiocyanates.
Variability in tacrolimus blood levels increases the risk of late rejection and graft loss after solid organ transplantation in older children.
Dairy products consumption is associated with decreased levels of inflammatory markers related to cardiovascular disease in apparently healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
A liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) method for the determination of phenolic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAH) in urine of non-smokers and smokers.
Association between the serum folate levels and tea consumption during pregnancy.
Variability of hair coat and skin traits as related to adaptation in Criollo Limonero cattle.
Negative associations between PBDE levels and thyroid hormones in cord blood.
Half-lives of serum PCB congener concentrations in environmentally exposed early adolescents.
Changes in adipocyte cell size, gene expression of lipid metabolism markers, and lipolytic responses induced by dietary fish oil replacement in gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata L.).
Molecular signature for early detection and prediction of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in peripheral blood.
Performance characteristics of an FT MS-based workflow for label-free differential MS analysis of human plasma: standards, reproducibility, targeted feature investigation, and application to a model of controlled myocardial infarction.
Vessel tortuousity and reduced vascularization in the fetoplacental arterial tree after maternal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Intra- and interindividual iodine excretion in 24 hours in individuals in southern Brazil: a cross-sectional study.
Hypoglycemia risk and glucose variability indices derived from routine self-monitoring of blood glucose are related to laboratory measures of insulin sensitivity and epinephrine counterregulation.
A case study addressing the reliability of polychlorinated biphenyl levels measured at the time of breast cancer diagnosis in representing early-life exposure.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess the consumption of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables among adolescents: the method of triads.
Effects of postprandial state and mesenteric blood flow on the repeatability of MR elastography in asymptomatic subjects.
Fish consumption and concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in the serum of older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Seasonal variations in the levels of PAH-DNA adducts in young adults living in Mexico City.
Variability and predictors of urinary bisphenol A concentrations during pregnancy.
A dual epigenomic approach for the search of obesity biomarkers: DNA methylation in relation to diet-induced weight loss.
Reducing Cholesterol Intake: Are the recommendations valid?
Urinary trichloroacetic acid levels and semen quality: a hospital-based cross-sectional study in Wuhan, China.
The EORTC Quality of Life questionnaire for patients with colorectal cancer: EORTC QLQ-CR29 validation study for Spanish patients.
Dietary exposure of PBDEs resulting from a subsistence diet in three First Nation communities in the James Bay Region of Canada.
Relative validity of fruit and vegetable intake estimated from an FFQ, using carotenoid and flavonoid biomarkers and the method of triads.
Associations between maternal phthalate exposure and cord sex hormones in human infants.
The relationship between heart rate variability and serum cytokines in chronic chagasic patients with persistent parasitemia.
Sex, BMI and age in addition to dietary intakes influence blood concentrations and congener profiles of dioxins and PCBs.
Maternal and early postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure in relation to total serum immunoglobulin concentrations in 6-month-old infants.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and newborn biometric indicators.
A dual investigation of the effect of dietary supplementation with licorice flavonoid oil on anthropometric and biochemical markers of health and adiposity.
Antioxidant-rich food intakes and their association with blood total antioxidant status and vitamin C and E levels in community-dwelling seniors from the Quebec longitudinal study NuAge.
A Taiwanese version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire--Urinary Incontinence Short Form for pregnant women: instrument validation.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D is associated with plasma renin activity and the pressor response to dietary sodium intake in Caucasians.
Polychlorinated biphenyl and organochlorine pesticide levels in human breast milk from the Mediterranean city Antalya, Turkey.
Application of a repeat-measure biomarker measurement error model to 2 validation studies: examination of the effect of within-person variation in biomarker measurements.
Reliability of leptin, but not adiponectin, as a biomarker for diet-induced weight loss in humans.
Evaluation of dietary factors in relation to the biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation in breast cancer risk.
Concentrations and accumulation profiles of PCDDs, PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in adipose fat tissues of Korean women.
Maternal high fat diet is associated with decreased plasma n-3 fatty acids and fetal hepatic apoptosis in nonhuman primates.
Dietary restriction of lycopene for a period of one month resulted in significantly increased biomarkers of oxidative stress and bone resorption in postmenopausal women.
Ethyl sulphate and ethyl glucuronide in vitreous humor as postmortem evidence marker for ethanol consumption prior to death.
Exposure to phthalates in 5-6 years old primary school starters in Germany--a human biomonitoring study and a cumulative risk assessment.
Pharmacokinetic variability of quetiapine and the active metabolite N-desalkylquetiapine in psychiatric patients.
Nutrition education guided by Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents on metabolic syndrome characteristics, adipokines and inflammatory markers.
Occurrence of phthalate metabolites in human urine from several Asian countries.
Phthalates and their metabolites in breast milk--results from the Bavarian Monitoring of Breast Milk (BAMBI).
Variability of urinary concentrations of bisphenol A in spot samples, first morning voids, and 24-hour collections.
Sodium intake is associated with carotid artery structure alterations and plasma matrix metalloproteinase-9 upregulation in hypertensive adults.
Comparative assessment of human exposure to phthalate esters from house dust in China and the United States.
Increasing the "region of interest" and "time of interest", both reduce the variability of blood flow measurements using laser speckle contrast imaging.
Intakes of vitamins and minerals in relation to urinary incontinence, voiding, and storage symptoms in women: a cross-sectional analysis from the Boston Area Community Health survey.
Fluorescence enhancement effect for the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls with bovine serum albumin.
Polymorphism in the interleukin-1 receptor antagonist gene is associated with serum interleukin-1 receptor antagonist concentrations and postoperative opioid consumption.
Construct validity of a questionnaire to measure the type of fluid intake and type of urinary incontinence.
Adipose levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and risk of breast cancer.
Predictors of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among pregnant women--prospective cohort study in Poland.
Analysis of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in rat plasma by using ultra performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Evaluation of the Children's Eating Habits Questionnaire used in the IDEFICS study by relating urinary calcium and potassium to milk consumption frequencies among European children.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-aromatic DNA adducts in cord blood and behavior scores in New York city children.
Association of bone microarchitecture with parathyroid hormone concentration and calcium intake in men: the STRAMBO study.
A comparison of PBDE serum concentrations in Mexican and Mexican-American children living in California.
Individual exposures to drinking water trihalomethanes, low birth weight and small for gestational age risk: a prospective Kaunas cohort study.
Nutrition transition among adolescents of a south-Mediterranean country: dietary patterns, association with socio-economic factors, overweight and blood pressure. A cross-sectional study in Tunisia.
Effects of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate v. high-protein, moderate-carbohydrate weight-loss diet on antioxidant status, endothelial markers and plasma indices of the cardiometabolic profile.
Consumption of a DHA-containing functional food during pregnancy is associated with lower infant ponderal index and cord plasma insulin concentration.
Elevated serum 25(OH)D concentrations, vitamin D, and calcium intakes are associated with reduced adipocyte size in women.
Characterization and expression of cytochrome P4501A in Atlantic sturgeon and shortnose sturgeon experimentally exposed to coplanar PCB 126 and TCDD.
Levels and congener profiles of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from Shanghai: implication for exposure route of higher brominated BDEs.
Ratio of fat to energy intake independently associated with the duration of diabetes and total cholesterol levels in type 2 diabetes.
Mast cells in the intestine and gills of the sea bream, Sparus aurata, exposed to a polychlorinated biphenyl, PCB 126.
Exposure to phthalates among premenstrual girls from rural and urban Gharbiah, Egypt: a pilot exposure assessment study.
Associations of the SREBP-1c gene polymorphism with gender-specific changes in serum lipids induced by a high-carbohydrate diet in healthy Chinese youth.
Effects of dialysate glucose concentration on heart rate variability in chronic hemodialysis patients: results of a prospective randomized trial.
Association of δ¹³C in fingerstick blood with added-sugar and sugar-sweetened beverage intake.
Pilot study on the exposure of the German general population to non-dioxin-like and dioxin-like PCBs.
Consumption of legumes improves certain bone markers in ovariectomized rats.
Dietary fiber in the diets of urban Tunisian women: association of fiber intake with BMI, waist circumference and blood chemistry: preliminary study.
Disruption of spermatogenesis and differential regulation of testicular estrogen receptor expression in mice after polychlorinated biphenyl exposure.
Relationship between serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides and dietary habits of pregnant women in Shanghai.
Diet intervention and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Increase of urinary concentrations of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in diesel exhaust emission inspector exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Increased daily sodium intake is an independent dietary indicator of the metabolic syndrome in middle-aged subjects.
Metabolism and biomarkers of heterocyclic aromatic amines in molecular epidemiology studies: lessons learned from aromatic amines.
Foetal exposure to phthalate esters and anogenital distance in male newborns.
Autologous serum skin test vs autologous plasma skin test in patients with chronic urticaria: evaluation of reproducibility, sensitivity and specificity and relationship with disease activity, quality of life and anti-thyroid antibodies.
Reliability of serum metabolite concentrations over a 4-month period using a targeted metabolomic approach.
Does glucose variability influence the relationship between mean plasma glucose and HbA1c levels in type 1 and type 2 diabetic patients?
Transcriptomics identifies differences between ultrapure non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxin-like PCB126 in cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Phthalate exposure during cold plastisol application--a human biomonitoring study.
The necessity and reliability of intraoperative parathyroid hormone (PTH) testing in patients with mild hyperparathyroidism and PTH levels in the normal range.
Comparison of the concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins in mothers affected by the Yusho incident and their children.
Breath acetone concentration; biological variability and the influence of diet.
DNA repair and replication influence the number of mutations per adduct of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in mammalian cells.
Intraindividual variability of homocysteine and related thiols concentrations in follicular fluid.
Fruit and vegetable intakes in relation to plasma nutrient concentrations in women in Shanghai, China.
Validity and reliability of perinatal biomarkers of adiposity after storage as dried blood spots on paper.
Proline betaine and its biotransformation products in fasting urine samples are potential biomarkers of habitual citrus fruit consumption.
Prenatal exposure to phthalates and infant development at 6 months: prospective Mothers and Children's Environmental Health (MOCEH) study.
Relationship between urinary phthalate and bisphenol A concentrations and serum thyroid measures in U.S. adults and adolescents from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007-2008.
Intra-individual variability over time in serum cytokine levels among participants in the prostate, lung, colorectal, and ovarian cancer screening Trial.
Preparing for national school-based deworming in Kenya: the validation and large-scale distribution of school questionnaires with urinary schistosomiasis.
Increased body mass index modifies associations between alcohol intake and blood cholesterol profile.
Association of the catechol-O-methyl transferase gene Val158Met polymorphism with blood pressure and prevalence of hypertension: interaction with dietary energy intake.
Variability of parvovirus B19 genotype 2 in plasma products with different compositions in the inactivation sensitivity by liquid-heating.
Reduced thyroxine levels in mice perinatally exposed to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Chronic toxicity of diethyl phthalate-A three generation lactational and gestational exposure study on male Wistar rats.
Phthalate metabolites in urine of CF patients are associated with use of enteric-coated pancreatic enzymes.
Slower gastric emptying in high-fat diet induced obese rats is associated with attenuated plasma ghrelin and elevated plasma leptin and cholecystokinin concentrations.
The relationship between body mass index and the variation in plasma levels of triglycerides after short-term red wine consumption.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet with and without weight loss on surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men with the metabolic syndrome.
Assessment of seasonal and sex-related variability of biomarkers in carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) from Karakaya Dam Lake, Turkey.
Analysis of the variability of human normal urine by 2D-GE reveals a "public" and a "private" proteome.
Moderate dietary sodium restriction added to angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition compared with dual blockade in lowering proteinuria and blood pressure: randomised controlled trial.
Long-term variability of desmosine/isodesmosine as biomarker in alpha-1-antritrypsin deficiency-related COPD.
The Portuguese validation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
Urinary incontinence self-report questions: reproducibility and agreement with bladder diary.
Association of caffeine consumption and smoking status with the serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, dioxins, and furans in the general U.S. population: NHANES 2003-2004.
The association of hs-CRP with fasting and postprandial plasma lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes is disrupted by dietary monounsaturated fatty acids.
Reliability and responsiveness of the Urgency Severity and Life Impact Questionnaire (USIQ).
The water balance questionnaire: design, reliability and validity of a questionnaire to evaluate water balance in the general population.
Cross validation of the prostate cancer radiotherapy late toxicity (PCRT) questionnaire with the expanded prostate cancer index composite (EPIC) instrument.
No association of vitamin D intake or 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels in childhood with risk of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes: the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY).
Correlations of trace element levels in the diet, blood, urine, and feces in the Chinese male.
Room-temperature fluorescence spectroscopy of monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on octadecyl extraction membranes.
Effects of developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and/or polybrominated diphenyl ethers on cochlear function.
Managing blood glucose during and after exercise in Type 1 diabetes: reproducibility of glucose response and a trial of a structured algorithm adjusting insulin and carbohydrate intake.
Levels and patterns of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) and their associations with thyroid hormones in hooded seal (Cystophora cristata) mother-pup pairs.
Trends of the internal phthalate exposure of young adults in Germany--follow-up of a retrospective human biomonitoring study.
Monitoring of PBDEs concentration in umbilical cord blood and breast milk from Korean population and estimating the effects of various parameters on accumulation in humans.
Vitamin C and fibre consumption from fruits and vegetables improves oxidative stress markers in healthy young adults.
Interpersonal and temporal variability of urinary cotinine in elderly subjects.
Sugar-sweetened and diet beverages in relation to visceral adipose tissue.
Blood-based biomarkers of selenium and thyroid status indicate possible adverse biological effects of mercury and polychlorinated biphenyls in Southern Beaufort Sea polar bears.
Chronic excessive alcohol consumption diagnosis: comparison between traditional biomarkers and ethyl glucuronide in hair, a study on a real population.
Urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as a biomarker of exposure to PAHs in air: a pilot study among pregnant women.
Intraindividual stability of hair cortisol concentrations.
Relationship between alcohol consumption and serum lipid levels in elderly Korean men.
Serum trace metal and ceruloplasmin variability in individuals treated for pulmonary tuberculosis.
Non-covalent interaction of dietary polyphenols with total plasma proteins of type II diabetes: molecular structure/property-affinity relationships.
Neurodevelopment of infants with prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Removal of gaseous polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from cooking fumes using an atmospheric plasma reactor.
Fruit consumption is associated with lower carotid intima-media thickness and C-reactive protein levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Associations of whole-blood fatty acids and dietary intakes with prostate cancer in Jamaica.
Prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants and neonatal thyroid-stimulating hormone levels in the CHAMACOS study.
A review of dietary polyphenol-plasma protein interactions: characterization, influence on the bioactivity, and structure-affinity relationship.
Predicted risk of childhood allergy, asthma, and reported symptoms using measured phthalate exposure in dust and urine.
Tacrolimus dose and blood concentration variability in kidney transplant recipients undergoing conversion from twice daily to once daily modified release tacrolimus.
Birth weight and prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE): a meta-analysis within 12 European Birth Cohorts.
Evaluation of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) adduct levels and DNA strand breaks in human peripheral blood lymphocytes exposed in vitro to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with or without animal metabolic activation.
A systematic review and meta-regression analysis of the vitamin D intake-serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D relationship to inform European recommendations.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma of older Canadians.
Hazard ratio estimation for biomarker-calibrated dietary exposures.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and breast milk collected from pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Spiritual activation in very elderly individuals assessed as heart rate variability and plasma IL/10/IL-6 ratios.
CpG site-specific hypermethylation of p16INK4α in peripheral blood lymphocytes of PAH-exposed workers.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon residues in human milk, placenta, and umbilical cord blood in Beijing, China.
Moderate effects of apple juice consumption on obesity-related markers in obese men: impact of diet-gene interaction on body fat content.
Fibre intake in relation to serum total cholesterol levels and CHD risk: a comparison of dietary assessment methods.
New evidence for toxicity of polybrominated diphenyl ethers: DNA adduct formation from quinone metabolites.
Relationships between dietary fatty acid composition and either melting point or fatty acid profile of adipose tissue in broilers.
Colour of bovine subcutaneous adipose tissue: A review of contributory factors, associations with carcass and meat quality and its potential utility in authentication of dietary history.
A pilot study on the effect of short-term consumption of a polyphenol rich drink on biomarkers of coronary artery disease defined by urinary proteomics.
Short-term walnut consumption increases circulating total adiponectin and apolipoprotein A concentrations, but does not affect markers of inflammation or vascular injury in obese humans with the metabolic syndrome: data from a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled study.
Evaluation of various cytokines elicited during antigen-specific recall as potential risk indicators for the differential development of leprosy.
Concentrations of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum and adipose tissue from Bolivia.
Cord blood levels of thyroid hormones and IGF-1 weakly correlate with breast milk levels of PBDEs in Taiwan.
Relationship between plasma fibrinogen and fiber intake in the EPIC-Norfolk cohort.
Association between pregnancy loss and urinary phthalate levels around the time of conception.
Regular consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (Doogh) improved endothelial biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized double-blind clinical trial.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in human serum from Southeast China.
Biomarkers demonstrate increased consumption, but not abuse, of ethanol in essential tremor.
Phosphatidylethanol (PEth) as a biomarker of alcohol consumption in HIV-positive patients in sub-Saharan Africa.
Reliability of urodynamic interpretation in women presenting with urinary incontinence at a tertiary hospital.
Genomic analysis, cytokine expression, and microRNA profiling reveal biomarkers of human dietary zinc depletion and homeostasis.
T cell responses and viral variability in blood donation candidates with occult hepatitis B infection.
Genetic variability in 8q24 confers susceptibility to urothelial carcinoma of the upper urinary tract and is linked with patterns of disease aggressiveness at diagnosis.
Whole blood flow cytometry measurements of in vivo platelet activation in critically-Ill patients are influenced by variability in blood sampling techniques.
Greater fructose consumption is associated with cardiometabolic risk markers and visceral adiposity in adolescents.
Urinary phthalate monoesters concentration in couples with infertility problems.
Effects of increases in dietary fat intake on plasma lipid and lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations and associated enzyme activities in cats.
Binding of phthalate plasticizers to human serum albumin in vitro: a multispectroscopic approach and molecular modeling.
Dietary glycemic index/load and peripheral adipokines and inflammatory markers in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
Associations of socioeconomic status and processed food intake with serum phosphorus concentration in community-living adults: the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
The reliability of glomerular filtration rate measured from plasma clearance: a multi-centre study of 1,878 healthy potential renal transplant donors.
Decreased birth weight in relation to maternal urinary trichloroacetic acid levels.
Blood glucose amplitude variability as predictor for mortality in surgical and medical intensive care unit patients: a multicenter cohort study.
The urinary excretory ratio of nicotinamide catabolites was associated with the conversion ratio of tryptophan to nicotinamide in growing rats fed a niacin-free 20% casein diet.
Fast and simultaneous determination of urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and ten monohydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
A comprehensive review of intake estimates of di-isononyl phthalate (DINP) based on indirect exposure models and urinary biomonitoring data.
Reproducibility of retinal blood flow measurements derived from semi-automated Doppler OCT analysis.
Higher urinary sodium, a proxy for intake, is associated with increased calcium excretion and lower hip bone density in healthy young women with lower calcium intakes.
A longitudinal study of the association between dietary factors, serum lipids, and bone marrow lesions of the knee.
Total dietary fat and fatty acid content modifies plasma phospholipid fatty acids, desaturase activity indices, and urinary prostaglandin E in women.
PCBs and OH-PCBs in polar bear mother-cub pairs: a comparative study based on plasma levels in 1998 and 2008.
Oral administration of potassium bromate, a major water disinfection by-product, induces oxidative stress and impairs the antioxidant power of rat blood.
Levels and congener profiles of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in primipara breast milk from Shenzhen and exposure risk for breast-fed infants.
Comparison of trihalomethanes in tap water and blood: a case study in the United States.
Assessment of DDT, DDE, and 1-hydroxypyrene levels in blood and urine samples in children from Chiapas Mexico.
Application of dietary phenolic biomarkers in epidemiology: past, present, and future.
Urinary and blood cadmium levels in relation to types of food and water intake and smoking status in a Thai population residing in cadmium-contaminated areas in Mae Sot.
Intra- and interlaboratory reproducibility of ultra performance liquid chromatography-time-of-flight mass spectrometry for urinary metabolic profiling.
Changes in ghrelin concentrations one year after resective and non-resective gastric bypass: associations with weight loss and energy and macronutrient intakes.
Cumulative risk assessment of phthalate exposure of Danish children and adolescents using the hazard index approach.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure and diabetes: results from the Anniston Community Health Survey.
Comparison of ethyl glucuronide in hair with self-reported alcohol consumption.
Nutritional biomarkers for objective dietary assessment.
Blood levels of dioxins, furans, dioxin-like PCBs, and TEQs in general populations: a review, 1989-2010.
Relationship between status of plasma atrial natriuretic peptide and heart rate variability in human subjects.
Temporal precision and reliability in the velocity regime of a hair-cell sensory system: the mechanosensory lateral line of goldfish, Carassius auratus.
Associations of intakes of fat, dietary fiber, soy isoflavones, and alcohol with levels of sex hormones and prolactin in premenopausal Japanese women.
Measurements of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in a single drop of blood.
Effects of maternal glucose tolerance, pregnancy diet quality and neonatal insulinemia upon insulin resistance/sensitivity biomarkers in normoweight neonates.
Maternal choline intake modulates maternal and fetal biomarkers of choline metabolism in humans.
Consumption of red meat and whole-grain bread in relation to biomarkers of obesity, inflammation, glucose metabolism and oxidative stress.
Age group and sex do not influence responses of vitamin K biomarkers to changes in dietary vitamin K.
Reproducibility of 2D and 3D fractal analysis techniques for the assessment of spatial heterogeneity of regional blood flow in rectal cancer.
Prenatal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and child behavior at age 6-7 years.
Vitamin A intake and infection are associated with plasma retinol among pre-school children in rural Zambia.
Personal exposure to PM(2.5) and urinary hydroxy-PAH levels in bus drivers exposed to traffic exhaust, in Trujillo, Peru.
Variability of carbamazepine and valproate concentrations in elderly nursing home residents.
Neighborhood socioeconomic status modifies the association between individual smoking status and PAH-DNA adduct levels in prostate tissue.
Blood pressure of omnivorous and semi-vegetarian postmenopausal women and their relationship with dietary and hair concentrations of essential and toxic metals.
Impact of the quantity and flavonoid content of fruits and vegetables on markers of intake in adults with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease: the FLAVURS trial.
Validation, cultural adaptation and responsiveness of two pelvic-floor-specific quality-of-life questionnaires, PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7, in a Turkish population.
Identification of a potential biomarker panel for the intake of the common dietary trans fat elaidic acid (trans∆9-C18:1).
Assessing vitamin status in large population surveys by measuring biomarkers and dietary intake - two case studies: folate and vitamin D.
Effects of red orange juice intake on endothelial function and inflammatory markers in adult subjects with increased cardiovascular risk.
Circulating levels of phthalate metabolites are associated with prevalent diabetes in the elderly.
Association and interaction between dietary pattern and VEGF receptor-2 (VEGFR2) gene polymorphisms on blood lipids in Chinese Malaysian and Japanese adults.
Variability of antibiotic concentrations in critically ill patients receiving continuous renal replacement therapy: a multicentre pharmacokinetic study.
Prediction of concentration-time profile and its inter-individual variability following the dermal drug absorption.
Using a physiologically based pharmacokinetic model to link urinary biomarker concentrations to dietary exposure of perchlorate.
Correlations between blood and tissue omega-3 LCPUFA status following dietary ALA intervention in rats.
The relationship between the fish consumption and blood total/methyl-mercury concentration of costal area in Korea.
Reproducibility of a cough and jump stress test for the evaluation of urinary incontinence.
Health biomarkers in a rat model after intake of organically grown carrots.
Contributions of aryl hydrocarbon receptor genetic variants to the risk of glioma and PAH-DNA adducts.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in umbilical cord blood of human neonates from Guiyu, China.
Reproducibility of the nicotine metabolite ratio in cigarette smokers.
Trihalomethanes in chlorine and bromine disinfected swimming pools: air-water distributions and human exposure.
Candidate measures of whole plant food intake are related to biomarkers of nutrition and health in the US population (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002).
Detection of alcohol consumption in patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis during the evaluation process for liver transplantation.
Assessment of impact of internal exposure to PBDEs on human thyroid function--comparison between congenital hypothyroidism and normal paired blood.
Factors influencing combined exposure to three indicator polychlorinated biphenyls in an adult cohort from Bolivia.
Biomarker and dietary validation of a Canadian food frequency questionnaire to measure eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid intakes from whole food, functional food, and nutraceutical sources.
Higher levels of serum triglyceride and dietary carbohydrate intake are associated with smaller LDL particle size in healthy Korean women.
Fractional exhaled nitric oxide in healthy non-asthmatic 7-year olds and prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: nested regression analysis.
Nutrimetabolomic strategies to develop new biomarkers of intake and health effects.
Positive effect of a simplified diet on blood phenylalanine control in different phenylketonuria variants, characterized by newborn BH4 loading test and PAH analysis.
Plasma polymer films as an alternative to (PSS-PAH)n or (PSS-PDADMAC)n films to retain active enzymes in exponentially growing polyelectrolyte multilayers.
Urinary phthalate excretion in 555 healthy Danish boys with and without pubertal gynaecomastia.
Copeptin, a marker of vasopressin, in abdominal obesity, diabetes and microalbuminuria: the prospective Malmö Diet and Cancer Study cardiovascular cohort.
Plasma total antioxidant capacity is associated with dietary intake and plasma level of antioxidants in postmenopausal women.
Hippuric acid in 24-hour urine collections is a potential biomarker for fruit and vegetable consumption in healthy children and adolescents.
Bitter melon seed oil-attenuated body fat accumulation in diet-induced obese mice is associated with cAMP-dependent protein kinase activation and cell death in white adipose tissue.
Variability of gemcitabine accumulation and its relationship to expression of nucleoside transporters in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Validation of a semi-quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire for Argentinean adults.
Factors associated with serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels among school-age children in the CHAMACOS cohort.
Glycated albumin to glycated hemoglobin ratio is a sensitive indicator of blood glucose variability in patients with fulminant type 1 diabetes.
Low fish intake is associated with low blood concentrations of vitamin D, choline and n-3 DHA in pregnant women.
Uniformity and repeatability of normal resting myocardial blood flow in rats using [13N]-ammonia and small animal PET.
Occurrence and profiles of phthalates in foodstuffs from China and their implications for human exposure.
A short-term diet and exercise intervention ameliorates inflammation and markers of metabolic health in overweight/obese children.
Reliability of fasting plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites concentrations measured 4 months apart.
Menhaden oil decreases high-fat diet-induced markers of hepatic damage, steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis in obese Ldlr-/- mice.
On the prediction of glucose concentration under intra-patient variability in type 1 diabetes: a monotone systems approach.
Plasma marker proteins associated with the progression of lung cancer in obese mice fed a high-fat diet.
Comparative study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in plasma of Eastern Atlantic juvenile and adult nesting loggerhead sea turtles (Caretta caretta).
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child neuropsychological development in 4-year-olds: an analysis per congener and specific cognitive domain.
Multiplex PCR for 17 Y-chromosome Specific Short Tandem Repeats (STR) to enhance the reliability of fetal sex determination in maternal plasma.
Dietary compared with blood concentrations of carotenoids and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Relationship between achieved blood pressure, dietary habits and cardiovascular disease in hypertensive patients treated with olmesartan: the OMEGA study.
Hydroxylated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood plasma of humans in Hong Kong.
Effect of the intake of resveratrol, resveratrol phosphate, and catechin-rich grape seed extract on markers of oxidative stress and gene expression in adult obese subjects.
Oral contraceptive use in girls and alcohol consumption in boys are associated with increased blood pressure in late adolescence.
Reliability of the blood flow velocity pulsatility index for assessment of intracranial and cerebral perfusion pressures in head-injured patients.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and diabetes among women in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2008.
Diet and physical activity among migrant Bougainvilleans in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea: association with anthropometric measures and blood pressure.
Maternal occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and risk of neural tube defect-affected pregnancies.
Biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and DNA damage: a cross-sectional pilot study among roofers in South Florida.
Intra-individual variability of serum hepcidin-25 in haemodialysis patients using mass spectrometry and ELISA.
The role of drinking water sources, consumption of vegetables and seafood in relation to blood arsenic concentrations of Jamaican children with and without Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Plasma cytokines as potential response indicators to dietary freeze-dried black raspberries in colorectal cancer patients.
Short-term repeatability of resting myocardial blood flow measurements using rubidium-82 PET imaging.
Psychometric evaluation of the adherence in diabetes questionnaire.
Subchronic inhalation exposure study of an airborne polychlorinated biphenyl mixture resembling the Chicago ambient air congener profile.
Reliability of plasma D-dimers for predicting severe neurological decompression sickness in scuba divers.
Arsenic exposure and tobacco consumption: Biomarkers and risk assessment.
Simultaneous determination of multiple phthalate metabolites and bisphenol-A in human urine by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Effect of a low-fat versus a low-gycemic-load diet on inflammatory biomarker and adipokine concentrations.
Effect of dietary linoleic acid on markers of inflammation in healthy persons: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Hydration biomarkers and dietary fluid consumption of women.
Higher anthocyanin intake is associated with lower arterial stiffness and central blood pressure in women.
Application of biomarkers in mudskipper (Boleophthalmus dussumieri) to assess polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) pollution in coastal areas of the Persian Gulf.
Diet and fatty acid pattern among patients with SLE: associations with disease activity, blood lipids and atherosclerosis.
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure, diabetes and endogenous hormones: a cross-sectional study in men previously employed at a capacitor manufacturing plant.
Hydration biomarkers in free-living adults with different levels of habitual fluid consumption.
Consumption of blueberries with a high-carbohydrate, low-fat breakfast decreases postprandial serum markers of oxidation.
Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with improved insulin sensitivity, reduced basal insulin secretion rate and lower fasting glucagon concentration in healthy women.
Low calorie and carbohydrate diet: to improve the cardiovascular risk indicators in overweight or obese adults with prediabetes.
Dietary treatment with rice containing resistant starch improves markers of endothelial function with reduction of postprandial blood glucose and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes or newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes.
Accounting for the impact of short-term variations in the levels of trihalomethane in drinking water on exposure assessment for epidemiological purposes. Part II: biological aspects.
A model for calculating the within-subject biological variation and likelihood ratios for analytes with a time-dependent change in concentrations; exemplified with the use of D-dimer in suspected venous thromboembolism in healthy pregnant women.
Dietary fructose in relation to blood pressure and serum uric acid in adolescent boys and girls.
Validity and reproducibility of a food frequency questionnaire for assessment of fruit and vegetable intake in Iranian adults(*).
Spanish translation and validation of four short pelvic floor disorders questionnaires.
Validation of questionnaire-based long-term dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls using biomarkers.
Dietary patterns are associated with plasma F₂-isoprostanes in an observational cohort study of adults.
Marked variability in the radiographic features of cartilage-hair hypoplasia: case report and review of the literature.
Validation of a FFQ for estimating ω-3, ω-6 and trans fatty acid intake during pregnancy using mature breast milk and food recalls.
Prenatal and early life exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls may influence dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels at prepubertal age: results from the Duisburg birth cohort study.
Determinants and short-term reproducibility of relative plasma volume slopes during hemodialysis.
Mercury, arsenic and selenium exposure levels in relation to fish consumption in the Mediterranean area.
Validation of FFQ-based assessment of dietary lignans compared with serum enterolactone in Swedish women.
Urinary and dietary sodium and potassium associated with blood pressure control in treated hypertensive kidney transplant recipients: an observational study.
The New Zealand PUFA semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire is a valid and reliable tool to assess PUFA intakes in healthy New Zealand adults.
Evaluation of three short dietary instruments to assess fruit and vegetable intake: the National Cancer Institute's food attitudes and behaviors survey.
The dose-response decrease in heart rate variability: any association with the metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coke oven workers?
Development and validation of prediction models for blood concentrations of dioxins and PCBs using dietary intakes.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins from the maternal diet may be associated with immunosuppressive effects that persist into early childhood.
Adiponectin, systolic blood pressure, and alcohol consumption are associated with more aortic stiffness progression among apparently healthy men.
Variability of organophosphorous pesticide metabolite levels in spot and 24-hr urine samples collected from young children during 1 week.
Association between aflatoxin M1 excreted in human urine samples with the consumption of milk and dairy products.
Serum levels of hydroxylated PCBs, PCBs and thyroid hormone measures of Japanese pregnant women.
Bolus consumption of a specifically designed fruit juice rich in anthocyanins and ascorbic acid did not influence markers of antioxidative defense in healthy humans.
No effect modification of serum bilirubin or coffee consumption on the association of gamma-glutamyltransferase with glycated hemoglobin in a cross-sectional study of Japanese men and women.
Reproducibility and robustness of metabolome analysis in rat plasma of 28-day repeated dose toxicity studies.
Variability of cyclosporine concentrations by HPLC and TDX monoclonal assay methods, application of a correction factor, and description of a novel clinical approach to determine the practical consequences of changing assay technique.
Determination of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in sediment samples by combining subcritical water extraction and dispersive liquid-liquid microextraction with derivatization.
Validation of the Diet Quality Index for Adolescents by comparison with biomarkers, nutrient and food intakes: the HELENA study.
Comparison of catechin profiles in human plasma and urine after single dosing and regular intake of green tea (Camellia sinensis).
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers and their methoxylated and hydroxylated analogs in Brown Bullhead (Ameiurus nebulosus) plasma from Lake Ontario.
The dose-response relationship for dicentric chromosomes and γ-H2AX foci in human peripheral blood lymphocytes: influence of temperature during exposure and intra- and inter-individual variability of donors.
Maternal in utero exposure to the endocrine disruptor di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate affects the blood pressure of adult male offspring.
Carbohydrate counting accuracy and blood glucose variability in adults with type 1 diabetes.
The relation between dietary habits and urinary levels of 3-phenoxybenzoic acid, a pyrethroid metabolite.
Gazpacho consumption is associated with lower blood pressure and reduced hypertension in a high cardiovascular risk cohort. Cross-sectional study of the PREDIMED trial.
Association between 24-hour urine sodium and potassium excretion and diet quality in six-year-old children: a cross sectional study.
Polychlorinated biphenyls impair blood-brain barrier integrity via disruption of tight junction proteins in cerebrum, cerebellum and hippocampus of female Wistar rats: neuropotential role of quercetin.
Validation of an FFQ to assess short-term antioxidant intake against 30 d food records and plasma biomarkers.
Nociceptive stimuli responses at different levels of general anaesthesia and genetic variability.
Women's exposure to phthalates in relation to use of personal care products.
Plasma uric acid is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes independent of diet and metabolic risk factors.
Variation in PAH-related DNA adduct levels among non-smokers: the role of multiple genetic polymorphisms and nucleotide excision repair phenotype.
Variability of blood lactate during and between given constant prolonged cycling power.
Daily calcium intake and its relation to blood pressure, blood lipids, and oxidative stress biomarkers in hypertensive and normotensive subjects.
Plasma sphingolipids are biomarkers of metabolic syndrome in non-human primates maintained on a Western-style diet.
Polyphenols excreted in urine as biomarkers of total polyphenol intake.
Exposure to drinking water trihalomethanes and their association with low birth weight and small for gestational age in genetically susceptible women.
NOX2 deficiency attenuates markers of adiposopathy and brain injury induced by high-fat diet.
Dietary biomarkers: advances, limitations and future directions.
The relevance of monitoring of antibodies against the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) and PAH-DNA adducts in serum in relation to lung cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
The Southern European Atlantic Diet is associated with lower concentrations of markers of coronary risk.
Influence of genetic polymorphisms on the association between phthalate exposure and pulmonary function in the elderly.
The relationship between a Mediterranean diet and circulating adiponectin levels is influenced by cigarette smoking.
Systematic review with dose-response meta-analyses between vitamin B-12 intake and European Micronutrient Recommendations Aligned's prioritized biomarkers of vitamin B-12 including randomized controlled trials and observational studies in adults and elderly persons.
The reliability of foetal blood sampling as a test of foetal acidosis in labour.
Biomonitoring of dietary heterocyclic amines and metabolites in urine by liquid phase microextraction: 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a possible biomarker of exposure to dietary PhIP.
Caffeine intake and its association with urinary incontinence in United States men: results from National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys 2005-2006 and 2007-2008.
t-10, c-12 CLA dietary supplementation inhibits atherosclerotic lesion development despite adverse cardiovascular and hepatic metabolic marker profiles.
Defining the impact of individual sample variability on routine immunoassay of serum free light chains (sFLC) in multiple myeloma.
Dietary antioxidant capacity is associated with improved serum antioxidant status and decreased serum C-reactive protein and plasma homocysteine concentrations.
The relationship between prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood.
Intake and serum profile of fatty acids are weakly correlated with global dietary quality in European adolescents.
Measured versus modeled dietary arsenic and relation to urinary arsenic excretion and total exposure.
IL-22 mRNA expression in blood samples as a useful biomarker for assessing the adverse health effects of PCBs on allergic children.
Comparison of salty taste acuity and salty taste preference with sodium intake and blood pressure based on zinc nutritional status in two rural populations in Korea.
Turkish adaptation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12): a validation and reliability study.
Interindividual variations in aprepitant plasma pharmacokinetics in cancer patients receiving cisplatin-based chemotherapy for the first time.
Inter- and intra-rater reliability of blood and cerebrospinal fluid flow quantification by phase-contrast MRI.
Estimating the mediating effect of different biomarkers on the relation of alcohol consumption with the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Association of blood glucose variability with outcomes in comatose cardiac arrest survivors treated with therapeutic hypothermia.
Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry-based plasma metabonomics delineate the effect of metabolites' stability on reliability of potential biomarkers.
Early-life cockroach allergen and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposures predict cockroach sensitization among inner-city children.
Metabolomics in epidemiology: sources of variability in metabolite measurements and implications.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile and inflammation markers in metabolic syndrome -- a randomized study (SYSDIET).
Sources of variability of resting cerebral blood flow in healthy subjects: a study using ¹³³Xe SPECT measurements.
Effects of a 48-h fast on heart rate variability and cortisol levels in healthy female subjects.
Glucose variability assessed by low blood glucose index is predictive of hypoglycemic events in patients with type 1 diabetes switched to pump therapy.
Allan-Herndon-Dudley syndrome (AHDS) in two consecutive generations caused by a missense MCT8 gene mutation. Phenotypic variability with the presence of normal serum T3 levels.
Relationship between hemoglobin, serum retinol and habitual meat consumption in the elderly: a population-based study.
Rapid and sensitive analysis of phthalate metabolites, bisphenol A, and endogenous steroid hormones in human urine by mixed-mode solid-phase extraction, dansylation, and ultra-performance liquid chromatography coupled with triple quadrupole mass spectrometry.
Effects of dietary magnesium on testicular histology, steroidogenesis, spermatogenesis and oxidative stress markers in adult rats.
Ethnic variability in the plasma exposures of OATP1B1 substrates such as HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors: a kinetic consideration of its mechanism.
Ethyl glucuronide in scalp and non-head hair: an intra-individual comparison.
Baseline blood trihalomethanes, semen parameters and serum total testosterone: a cross-sectional study in China.
Folate catabolites in spot urine as non-invasive biomarkers of folate status during habitual intake and folic acid supplementation.
Validation of a weight history questionnaire to identify adolescent obesity.
Novel gene-by-environment interactions: APOB and NPC1L1 variants affect the relationship between dietary and total plasma cholesterol.
Biomarkers of food intake and metabolite differences between plasma and red blood cell matrices; a human metabolomic profile approach.
Dietary exposure of juvenile female mice to polyhalogenated seafood contaminants (HBCD, BDE-47, PCB-153, TCDD): comparative assessment of effects in potential target tissues.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet with and without weight loss on markers of inflammation in men with metabolic syndrome.
Keap1 knockdown increases markers of metabolic syndrome after long-term high fat diet feeding.
Magnetic solid-phase extraction based on magnetic multi-walled carbon nanotubes for the determination of phthalate monoesters in urine samples.
Intake of total protein, plant protein and animal protein in relation to blood pressure: a meta-analysis of observational and intervention studies.
Evaluation of seasonality on total water intake, water loss and water balance in the general population in Greece.
Systematic analysis of the relationship between standardized prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and mental and motor development during follow-up of nine children cohorts.
Associations of plasma phospholipid and dietary alpha linolenic acid with incident atrial fibrillation in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Association of raw fruit and fruit juice consumption with blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
Dietary nucleotide improves markers of immune response to strenuous exercise under a cold environment.
European content validation of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire in patients with overactive bladder.
Relationship of dietary monounsaturated fatty acids to blood pressure: the International Study of Macro/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure.
Psychometric evaluation of the Cushing's Quality-of-Life questionnaire.
Dietary supplement use and smoking are important correlates of biomarkers of water-soluble vitamin status after adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle variables in a representative sample of U.S. adults.
Metabolic profiling of phenolic acids and oxidative stress markers after consumption of Lonicera caerulea L. fruit.
Improving infant exposure and health risk estimates: using serum data to predict polybrominated diphenyl ether concentrations in breast milk.
Calcium intake and serum concentration in relation to risk of cardiovascular death in NHANES III.
Beyond medications and diet: alternative approaches to lowering blood pressure: a scientific statement from the american heart association.
An inverse correlation between TNF alpha serum levels and heart rate variability in patients with heart failure.
Habitual dietary isoflavone intake is associated with decreased C-reactive protein concentrations among healthy premenopausal women.
Tibial bone lead, but not serum polychlorinated biphenyl, concentrations are associated with neurocognitive deficits in former capacitor workers.
Children's phthalate intakes and resultant cumulative exposures estimated from urine compared with estimates from dust ingestion, inhalation and dermal absorption in their homes and daycare centers.
Plasma adiponectin concentrations are associated with dietary glycemic index in Malaysian patients with type 2 diabetes.
Direct analysis of phthalate ester biomarkers in urine without preconcentration: method validation and monitoring.
Decreased mitochondrial DNA content in association with exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in house dust during wintertime: from a population enquiry to cell culture.
Association between folate intake, serum folate levels and the risk of lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Hyperuricemia after exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans near a highly contaminated area.
Reduction in the urinary aflatoxin M1 biomarker as an early indicator of the efficacy of dietary interventions to reduce exposure to aflatoxins.
The association between serological and dietary vitamin D levels and hepatitis C-related liver disease risk differs in African American and white males.
Association of dietary omega-3 fatty acids with prevalence of metabolic syndrome: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Chemopreventive Effects of Korean Red Ginseng (Panax ginseng Meyer) on Exposure to Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) may influence birth weight among infants in a Swedish cohort with background exposure: a cross-sectional study.
11C-Acetate clearance as an index of oxygen consumption of the right myocardium in idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension: a validation study using 15O-labeled tracers and PET.
Investigation of rhythms of secretion and repeatability of plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone concentrations in healthy horses and horses with pituitary pars intermedia dysfunction.
Relation between dietary acrylamide exposure and biomarkers of internal dose in Canadian teenagers.
Functional variability in butyrylcholinesterase activity regulates intrathecal cytokine and astroglial biomarker profiles in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Variability of predialytic, intradialytic, and postdialytic blood pressures in the course of a week: a study of Dutch and US maintenance hemodialysis patients.
Biological variability of lymphocyte subsets of human adults' blood.
Dietary exposure to aflatoxin and fumonisin among Tanzanian children as determined using biomarkers of exposure.
A Mediterranean diet improves HbA1c but not fasting blood glucose compared to alternative dietary strategies: a network meta-analysis.
Validation of a questionnaire measuring preschool children's reactions to and coping with noise in a repeated measurement design.
Relationship between diet and plasma long-chain n-3 PUFAs in older people: impact of apolipoprotein E genotype.
High concentrations of a urinary biomarker of polyphenol intake are associated with decreased mortality in older adults.
Fatty acid-binding protein 2 Ala54Thr genotype is associated with insulin resistance and leptin levels changes after a high monounsaturated fat diet in obese non-diabetic patients.
Combination of injection volume calibration by creatinine and MS signals' normalization to overcome urine variability in LC-MS-based metabolomics studies.
Reproducibility of NMR analysis of urine samples: impact of sample preparation, storage conditions, and animal health status.
Variability of serum markers of erythropoiesis during 6 days of racing in highly trained cyclists.
Intra individual variability in markers of proteinuria for normal subjects and those with cadmium induced renal dysfunction: interpretation of results from untimed, random urine samples.
Alcohol questionnaires and HDL: screening scores as scaled markers of alcohol consumption.
Interindividual variation in the levels of certain urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites following medicinal exposure to coal tar ointment.
Higher intake of vitamin B-6 and dairy products and lower intake of green and oolong tea are independently associated with lower serum homocysteine concentration in young Japanese women.
Association of 1 hydroxypyrene glucuronide in human urine with cigarette smoking and broiled or roasted meat consumption.
Dietary energy intake is associated with type 2 diabetes risk markers in children.
Intraindividual variation in one-carbon metabolism plasma biomarkers.
Associations between dietary acrylamide intake and plasma sex hormone levels.
Urinary 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCPY) in pregnant women from Mexico City: distribution, temporal variability, and relationship with child attention and hyperactivity.
Diamine oxidase as a marker of intestinal mucosal injury and the effect of soluble dietary fiber on gastrointestinal tract toxicity after intravenous 5-fluorouracil treatment in rats.
α-Lipoic acid attenuates obesity-associated hippocampal neuroinflammation and increases the levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in ovariectomized rats fed a high-fat diet.
Variability of urinary cadmium excretion in spot urine samples, first morning voids, and 24 h urine in a healthy non-smoking population: implications for study design.
Longitudinal relationships between diet-dependent renal acid load and blood pressure development in healthy children.
Which patients should be evaluated for blood glucose variability?
Within-person reproducibility of urinary bisphenol A and phthalate metabolites over a 1 to 3 year period among women in the Nurses' Health Studies: a prospective cohort study.
Biomarkers of diabetes risk in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey rolling programme (2008-2011).
Inter-individual differences in control of alveolar capillary blood volume in exercise and hypoxia.
Interindividual and intra-individual variabilities of darunavir and ritonavir plasma trough concentrations in multidrug experienced HIV patients receiving salvage regimens.
Associations between lung function and alcohol consumption--assessed by both a questionnaire and a blood marker.
Dietary Quality Indices and Biochemical Parameters Among Patients With Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).
An examination of the association of serum IGF-I concentration, potential candidate genes, and fiber type composition with variation in residual feed intake in progeny of Red Angus sires divergent for maintenance energy EPD.
Plasma proteome profiles associated with diet-induced metabolic syndrome and the early onset of metabolic syndrome in a pig model.
Associations of serum insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 levels with biomarker-calibrated protein, dairy product and milk intake in the Women's Health Initiative.
Evaluation of a new German blood donor questionnaire.
Gut neuroendocrine tumor blood qPCR fingerprint assay: characteristics and reproducibility.
Factors impacting variability of the urinary normeperidine-to-meperidine metabolic ratio in patients with chronic pain.
Assessment of reproducibility in depletion and enrichment workflows for plasma proteomics using label-free quantitative data-independent LC-MS.
The biomarker-based validity of a food frequency questionnaire to assess the intake status of folate, pyridoxine and cobalamin among Iranian primary breast cancer patients.
Associations of dietary fiber intake with long-term predicted cardiovascular disease risk and C-reactive protein levels (from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Data [2005-2010]).
Mushroom and dietary selenium intakes in relation to fasting glucose levels in a free-living Italian adult population: the Moli-sani Project.
A stable isotope-labeled internal standard is essential for correcting for the interindividual variability in the recovery of lapatinib from cancer patient plasma in quantitative LC-MS/MS analysis.
Frozen section analysis of ureteral margins in patients undergoing radical cystectomy for bladder cancer: differential impact of carcinoma in situ in the bladder on reliability and impact on tumour recurrence in the upper urinary tract.
Evaluation of 12 blood glucose monitoring systems for self-testing: system accuracy and measurement reproducibility.
Plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites as biomarkers for whole-grain intake and their association with prostate cancer: a Swedish nested case-control study.
Intake and serum concentrations of α-tocopherol in relation to fractures in elderly women and men: 2 cohort studies.
Association of blood pressure and hypertension with alcohol consumption in HIV-infected white and nonwhite patients.
Assessing arsenic exposure from consumption of seafood from Vieques-Puerto Rico: a pilot biomonitoring study using different biomarkers.
Pre-analytical and analytical variability in absolute quantitative MRM-based plasma proteomic studies.
Relation of raw and cooked vegetable consumption to blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
Curcuma longa extract associated with white pepper lessens high fat diet-induced inflammation in subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Dietary exposure to phenolic and methoxylated organohalogen contaminants in relation to their concentrations in breast milk and serum in Japan.
Diet quality is associated with circulating C-reactive protein but not irisin levels in humans.
Plasma alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, and incidence of colorectal cancer.
Dietary flavonoids from modified apple reduce inflammation markers and modulate gut microbiota in mice.
The impact of dietary methionine restriction on biomarkers of metabolic health.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for a human milk bank to determine the presence of illegal drugs, nicotine, and caffeine.
Assessment of stability of drug biomarkers in municipal wastewater as a factor influencing the estimation of drug consumption using sewage epidemiology.
Reliability and clinical relevance of the HIV-1 drug resistance test in patients with low viremia levels.
Association of iron depletion with menstruation and dietary intake indices in pubertal girls: the healthy growth study.
Lead, cadmium and zinc in hair samples: relationship with dietary habits and urban environment.
Serum potassium levels and its variability in incident peritoneal dialysis patients: associations with mortality.
Urinary isoxanthohumol is a specific and accurate biomarker of beer consumption.
Whole-grain intake favorably affects markers of systemic inflammation in obese children: a randomized controlled crossover clinical trial.
High-salt intake induced visceral adipose tissue hypoxia and its association with circulating monocyte subsets in humans.
The role of dietary fat on the association between dietary amino acids and serum lipid profile in European adolescents participating in the HELENA Study.
Dietary lipids do not contribute to the higher hepatic triglyceride levels of fructose- compared to glucose-fed mice.
Validation and reliability of a smartphone application for the International Prostate Symptom Score questionnaire: a randomized repeated measures crossover study.
Dietary magnesium intake is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein levels: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Determination of the most influential sources of variability in tacrolimus trough blood concentrations in adult liver transplant recipients: a bottom-up approach.
Diet quality and markers of endothelial function: the CARDIA study.
Influence of protein intake from haem and non-haem animals and plant origin on inflammatory biomarkers among apparently-healthy adults in Greece.
A stable isotope biomarker of marine food intake captures associations between n-3 fatty acid intake and chronic disease risk in a Yup'ik study population, and detects new associations with blood pressure and adiponectin.
Discovery of human urinary biomarkers of aronia-citrus juice intake by HPLC-q-TOF-based metabolomic approach.
Cruciferous vegetable intake is inversely correlated with circulating levels of proinflammatory markers in women.
Daily kiwifruit consumption did not improve blood pressure and markers of cardiovascular function in men with hypercholesterolemia.
Cross-sectional associations of food consumption with plasma fatty acid composition and estimated desaturase activities in Finnish children.
Effect of graded inclusion of dietary soybean meal on nutrient digestibility, health, and metabolic indices of adult dogs.
Variability in DNA damage of chub (Squalius cephalus L.) blood, gill and liver cells during the annual cycle.
Palm oil and blood lipid-related markers of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of dietary intervention trials.
The reliability and predictive ability of a biomarker of oxidative DNA damage on functional outcomes after stroke rehabilitation.
Dietary carotenoids are associated with cardiovascular disease risk biomarkers mediated by serum carotenoid concentrations.
Dietary sodium, added salt, and serum sodium associations with growth and depression in the U.S. general population.
Sources of variability in metabolite measurements from urinary samples.
Association between alcohol intake, overweight, and serum lipid levels and the risk analysis associated with the development of dyslipidemia.
Effect of diet or diet plus physical activity versus usual care on inflammatory markers in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes: the Early ACTivity in Diabetes (ACTID) randomized, controlled trial.
Effect of repaglinide versus glimepiride on daily blood glucose variability and changes in blood inflammatory and oxidative stress markers.
Plasma vitamin B12, methylmalonic acid and heart rate variability in healthy young Indian adults.
Validation of blood phosphatidylethanol as an alcohol consumption biomarker in patients with chronic liver disease.
Processed meat intake is unfavorably and fish intake favorably associated with semen quality indicators among men attending a fertility clinic.
Serum osteocalcin is associated with dietary vitamin D, body weight and serum magnesium in postmenopausal women with and without significant coronary artery disease.
Effect of concentrate level on feeding behavior and rumen and blood parameters in dairy goats: relationships between behavioral and physiological parameters and effect of between-animal variability.
Development of an experimental diet model in rats to study hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance, markers for coronary heart disease.
Difference between 24-h diet recall and urine excretion for assessing population sodium and potassium intake in adults aged 18-39 y.
Considerations for powering a clinical proteomics study: Normal variability in the human plasma proteome.
Biological variability of superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase in blood.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of an aqueous extract of the leaves of Sansevieria senegambica Baker on plasma lipid profile and atherogenic indices of rats fed egg yolk supplemented diet.
Blood polymorphisms and morphological variability in Brazilian Indians.
