Variability of oxygen affinity of normal blood: an automated method of measurement.
Accuracy and reproducibility of arterial blood-gas and pH measurements.
Effect of phthalate plasticizer on blood compatibility of polyvinyl chloride.
Altered plasma-lipids associated with oral contraceptive or oestrogen consumption. The Lipid Research Clinic Program.
Plasma estrogens and pregnancy-associated plasma proteins: a study of their variability in late pregnancy.
Species variability in plasma S-sulfonate levels during and following sulfite administration.
Variability of polymorphic cellular enzymes in medical students with different serum lipid levels: a preliminary survey.
Variability of the effects of serum-free medium, dibutyryl-cyclic AMP or theophylline on the morphology of cultured new-born rat astroblasts.
Changes in blood and urine composition from feeding polybrominated biphenyls to pregnant Holstein heifers.
Relation of DDE and PBB serum levels in farm residents, consumers, and Michigan Chemical Corporation employees.
PBB homologs in sera of Michigan dairy farmers and Michigan chemical workers.
Relationship between the carbohydrate content of apoproteins of VLDL, IDL, and LDL and the plasma level of these lipoproteins in man. Short dietary effect.
Infant blood pressure and heart rate: relation to ethnic group (black or white), nutrition and electrolyte intake.
A longitudinal study of the biological variability of plasma lipoproteins in healthy young adults.
Analysis of adipose tissue and serum from PBB (polybrominated biphenyl)-exposed workers.
Impaired immune function and identification of polybrominated biphenyls (PBB) in blood compartments of exposed Michigan dairy farmers and chemical workers.
Solubility fo fibrin clots in monochloroacetic acid. A reflection of serum pepsinogen levels.
Plasma nitrazepam concentrations after an acute intake and their correlation to sedation and serum growth hormone levels.
Reproducibility of interpretation of the test for antibody-coated bacteria in urinary sediment.
Diethylhexyl phthalate as a factor in blood transfusion and haemodialysis.
Di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (MEHP) accumulation in whole blood and red cell concentrates.
Variability and predictability of the plasma concentration of ampicillin and kanamycin in new-born infants.
Ethnic variability in the plasma insulin response to oral glucose in Polynesian and Micronesian subjects.
Association between plasma and liver vitamin A levels in the calf; weanling pig, rabbit and rat; and adult goat fed fixed intakes of vitamin A.
Relationship between facial flushing and blood acetaldehyde levels after alcohol intake.
The influence of phthalate esters on human plasma lecithin/cholesterol acyltransferase.
Assessment of the association between habitual salt intake and high blood pressure: methodological problems.
Isolation of di-N-2-propylpentyl phthalate from human urine.
Serum calcium ion activity. Some aspects on methodological differences and intraindividual variation.
Correlation of pharyngeal fistulization with preoperative radiotherapy, reduced serum albumen, and dietary obstruction.
Variability of plasma catecholamine levels: age, duration of posture and time of day.
Reliability of serum ferritin determinations after total dose infusion of iron dextran in pregnancy.
Measurement of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in serum and its relation to sunshine, age and vitamin D intake in the Danish population.
Variability in rates of urine prostaglandin E excretion.
Temporal changes in the concentrations of serum constituents in healthy men. Distributions of within-person variances and their relevance to the interpretation of differences between successive measurements.
Variability in 24-hour urine sodium excretion in children.
Blood glucose levels in portal and peripheral circulation and their relation to food intake in the rat.
Contribution of individual differences in gastric emptying to variability in plasma propranolol concentrations.
Alterations of rat adipose tissue metabolism associated with dietary chromium supplementation.
Radioimmunoassay for mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in unextracted plasma.
On the reliability of the magnesium serum value as an indicator of body magnesium status.
Reliability of the Eyetone instrument and the Reflectance Meter in instant blood glucose determinations.
Intrapatient variability of serial steady-state plasma tricyclic antidepressant concentrations.
Bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate concentrations in the serum of hemodialysis patients.
25-hydroxyvitamin D and calcium levels in maternal, cord and infant serum in relation to maternal vitamin D intake.
Nutrition survey of Finnish rural children. IV. Serum cholesterol values in relation to dietary variables.
Cerebral hemodynamics in Shy-Drager syndrome: variability of cerebral blood flow dysautoregulation and the compensatory role of chemical control in dysautoregulation.
The analytical reliability of the zirconyl phosphate method of plasma carcinoembryonic antigen.
Myocardial infarction size from serial CPK: variability of CPK serum entry ratio with size and model of infarction.
Urine cytology as a medical surveillance tool: a study of variability in interpretation of urine cytology slides.
Polychlorinated biphenyl residues in maternal and cord blood in Tokyo metropolitan area.
The TSH response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in young adult men: intra-individual variation and relation to basal serum TSH and thyroid hormones.
Acute, subacute, and residual effects of polychlorinated biphenyl (pcb) in rats. II. Pathology and electron microscopy of liver and serum enzyme study.
Lead and PCB's in canvasback ducks: relationship between enzyme levels and residues in blood.
The relationship of respiratory failure to the oxygen consumption of, lactate production by, and distribution of blood flow among respiratory muscles during increasing inspiratory resistance.
Urinary p-tyramine in hereditary tyrosinemia: I. Levels as compared to normal individuals, effect of diet, and relationship to urinary tyrosine.
Decreased accumulation of phthalate plasticizer during storage of blood as packed cells.
Postprandial plasma lysine as an indicator of dietary lysine adequacy in infants.
Observations on the variability of plasma estriol.
Postprandial serum bile acids in healthy man. Evidence for differences in absorptive pattern between individual bile acids.
A comparison of insulin binding by liver plasma membranes of rats fed a high glucose diet or a high fat diet.
Isoenzyme status and genetic variability of serum esterases in the lesser snow goose, Anser caerulescens caerulescens.
Some theory of reference values. II. Comparison of some statistical models of intraindividual variation in blood constituents.
Correlation of selected serum constitutents: 2. Consistency of intra-individual correlation values, means, and variances during four months.
Improving the diagnostic reliability of rapidly fluctuating plasma hormone levels by optimized multiple-sampling techniques.
Genetic polymorphism and interethnic variability of plasma paroxonase activity.
Two-fold interindividual variation in plasma protein binding of phenytoin in patients with epilepsy.
Fatty acid variability of plasma lipids and cholesteryl esters in adult male twins and their brothers.
Serum complement levels in recurrent aphthous ulceration. An intraindividual pilot study of sequential C3, C4 & C1 esterase inhibitor estimations.
Acute reduction of brain serotonin and 5-HIAA following food consumption: correlation with the ratio of serum tryptophan to the sum of competing amino acids.
Statistical analysis of the reproducibility of the intravenous glucose tolerance test and the serum insulin response to this test in the middle-aged men.
Effect of an energy-reduced dietary regimen in relation to adipose tissue cellularity in obese women.
Recommended dietary allowance for vitamin E: relation to dietary, erythrocyte and adipose tissue linoleate.
Variability of the iron, copper and mercury contents of individual red blood cells.
Relationships between dietary and plasma concentrations of calcium and phosphorus in intact and ultimobranchialectomized chickens.
Temporal intrapersonal physiological variability of cholinesterase activity in human plasma and erythrocytes.
The relationship between dietary fat composition and plasma cholesterol esterification in man.
A general equation for the ratio of the areas below the blood or plasma concentration time-curves following intravenous and oral drug administration and its application to inter-subject variations in drug elimination.
Laboratory diagnosis of the atopic condition: evaluation of a possible method based on human serum complement consumption.
Variability of serum gonadotropin and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate concentrations in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Sources of variability in normal CA 125 levels.
Chronic alcohol intake induces reversible disturbances on cellular Na+ metabolism in humans: its relationship with changes in blood pressure.
The effect of genetic variability (degree of homozygosity) on serum levels of the anterior pituitary hormones prolactin, corticotropin, and growth hormone in rats.
Changes in neurotransmitter levels associated with the deficiency of some essential amino acids in the diet.
Changes in markers of alcohol intake in man below 'safe' drinking levels.
Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol: a possible marker of recent alcohol consumption.
Variability in T cell receptor V beta gene usage in human peripheral blood lymphocytes. Studies of identical twins, siblings, and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.
Effects of aging and dietary restriction on tissue protein synthesis: relationship to plasma insulin-like growth factor-1.
Effect of prototypic polychlorinated biphenyls on hepatic and renal vitamin contents and on drug-metabolizing enzymes in rats fed diets containing low or high levels of retinyl palmitate.
Coupled-column high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of subjects exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Association of serum lipoproteins and health-related habits with coffee and tea consumption in free-living subjects examined in the Israeli CORDIS Study.
Tea consumption. relationship to cholesterol, blood pressure, and coronary and total mortality.
Alcohol intake in relation to lipids, lipoproteins and blood pressure.
Alcohol consumption and biological markers for alcoholism in idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy: a case-controlled study.
Levels and variability of purine nucleotides in normal human lymphocytes.
Changes in PCB serum concentrations among capacitor manufacturing workers.
Antisperm antibodies in women: variability in antibody levels in serum, mucus, and peritoneal fluid.
Use of PCB blood levels to assess potential exposure following an electrical transformer explosion.
Fatal systemic poisoning after skin exposure to monochloroacetic acid.
Cognitive development of Yu-Cheng ("oil disease") children prenatally exposed to heat-degraded PCBs.
Comparison of the effect of the amount and degree of unsaturation of dietary fat on plasma low density lipoproteins in vervet monkeys.
Trans-fatty acid intake in relation to serum lipid concentrations in adult men.
Variability of atrial natriuretic peptide plasma levels in ascitic cirrhotics: pathophysiological and clinical implications.
Gas chromatographic profiles of plasma total lipids as indicators of dietary history. Correlation with carbohydrate and alcohol intake based on 24-h dietary recall.
Benzo(a)pyrene-blood protein adducts in wild woodchucks used as biological sentinels of environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons contamination.
The variability of and associations between measures of blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and blood lipids.
Substances in human urine that strongly inhibit bacterial mutagenicity of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and related heterocyclic amines.
Plasma lipid composition in an elderly population: correlation with dietary fat.
Variability of alpha-tocopherol values associated with procurement, storage, and freezing of equine serum and plasma samples.
Formation of DNA adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in male Fischer-344 rats.
Historical changes in serum PCB and DDT levels in an environmentally-exposed cohort.
Dose-dependent formation of preneoplastic foci and DNA adducts in rat liver with 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeA alpha C) and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Single breath measurement of pulmonary blood flow in man: the causes of variability.
Prospective estimation of IgG, IgG subclass and IgE antibodies to dietary proteins in infants with cow milk allergy. Levels of antibodies to whole milk protein, BLG and ovalbumin in relation to repeated milk challenge and clinical course of cow milk allergy.
Correlations of vitamin A and E intakes with the plasma concentrations of carotenoids and tocopherols among American men and women.
Poor sensitivity, specificity, and reproducibility of detection of HIV-1 DNA in serum by polymerase chain reaction. The Transfusion Safety Study Group.
Variability in teniposide plasma protein binding is correlated with serum albumin concentrations.
Experiments on the effects of several factors on the 1-hydroxypyrene level in human urine as an indicator of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Dose-response relationships between dietary (n-3) fatty acids and plasma and tissue lipids, steroid excretion and urinary malondialdehyde in rats.
The variability of the serum estradiol level in men: effect of stress (college examinations), cigarette smoking, and coffee drinking on the serum sex hormone and other hormone levels.
Impact of the new cuff design on reliability of the AS800 artificial urinary sphincter.
Determinants of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells from coke oven workers: correlation with job categories.
Chemical analysis, prevention, and low-level dosimetry of heterocyclic amines from cooked food.
Measuring the albumin excretion rate: agreement between methods and biological variability.
Reproducibility of HLA-A, B, and DR typing using peripheral blood samples: results of retyping in the collaborative corneal transplantation studies. Collaborative Corneal Transplantation Studies Group (corrected)
Dietary lipids and the low blood cholesterol-cancer association.
Urine test strips: reliability of semi-quantitative findings under tropical conditions.
Interindividual variability in the concentrations of albumin and alpha-1-acid glycoprotein in patients with renal or liver disease, newborns and healthy subjects: implications for binding of drugs.
Cholesterol-rich diet induced changes in plasma lipids in relation to apolipoprotein E phenotype in healthy students.
Critical analysis of methods for assessing regional blood flow and their reliability in clinical medicine.
Variability in response to a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet in children with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels.
Relationships between blood pressure and measures of dietary energy intake, physical fitness, and physical activity in Australian children aged 11-12 years.
Variability of blood gases, pulse oximeter saturation, and end-tidal carbon dioxide pressure in stable, mechanically ventilated trauma patients.
Postnatal evolution of slow variability in cerebral blood flow velocity.
Laboratory markers of ethanol intake and abuse: a critical appraisal.
Acetaldehyde-modified hemoglobin as a marker of alcohol consumption: comparison of two new methods.
Detection of the relationship between moderate alcoholic beverage consumption and serum levels of estradiol in normal postmenopausal women: effects of alcohol consumption quantitation methods and sample size adequacy.
Comparison of the effects of dietary fish oils with different n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid compositions on plasma and liver lipids in rats.
Reproducibility of plasma and extracellular fluid volume measurements in critically ill patients.
The assessment of the relationship between blood pressure and sodium intake using whole-day, daytime and overnight urine collections.
Serum bile acids in relation to disease activity and intake of dietary fibers in juvenile ulcerative colitis.
Molecular mechanics and antibody binding in the structural analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-diol-epoxide--DNA adducts.
Estimation of protein intake: comparison of dietary assessment and urinary excretion.
Alcohol consumption as a risk factor for high blood pressure from the Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison Study. CARDIAC Cooperative Research Group).
A methylsulphonyl metabolite of a polychlorinated biphenyl can serve as a ligand for alpha 2mu-globulin in rat and major-urinary-protein in mice.
Mutagenicity of some heterocyclic amines in Salmonella typhimurium with metabolic activation by human red blood cell cytosol.
Effect of dietary tryptophan on muscle, liver and whole-body protein synthesis in weaned piglets: relationship to plasma insulin.
Comparison between the effects of dietary saturated (16:0), monounsaturated (18:1), and polyunsaturated (18:2) fatty acids on plasma lipoprotein metabolism in cebus and rhesus monkeys fed cholesterol-free diets.
IgG subclass antibodies to dietary antigens in IgA deficiency quantification and correlation with serum IgG subclass levels.
Cerebral-blood-flow-velocity measurements in neonates: technique and interobserver reliability.
Individual variability in concentrations of urinary sulindac sulfide.
Urinary markers of chronic excessive ethanol consumption.
Time course reversibility of liver and blood changes induced in weanling rats after polychlorinated biphenyl exposure during lactation.
Relationship between dietary, serum, and tissue levels of carotenoids.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum: a new marker of potentially harmful alcohol consumption reviewed.
Role of genetic variability in neonatal jaundice. A prospective study on full-term, blood group-compatible infants.
Fish diet and physical fitness in relation to membrane and serum lipids, prostanoid metabolism and platelet aggregation in female students.
Long-term storage of red blood cells and correlations between red cell and dietary fatty acids: results from a pilot study.
The correlation between serum total cholesterol and some trace elements in serum, liver and heart of rats fed high cholesterol diet.
Reproducibility of renal blood flow estimation in the miniature pig using 99Tcm-DTPA: introducing semiautomatic processing.
Studies of urine-associated acetaldehyde as a marker for alcohol intake in mice.
Variability in cardiovascular and plasma norepinephrine responses to head-up tilt in healthy human subjects.
The relationship between splanchnic oxygen consumption and blood supply.
Synthesis and antineoplastic activity of some cyano-, carboxy-, carbomethoxy-, and carbamoylborane adducts of heterocyclic amines.
Cadmium in induced hair of the rat and its relation to the level in the diet and in the major organs during long-term exposure to cadmium in the subtoxic and toxic range.
Erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid versus docosahexaenoic acid as a marker for fish and fish oil consumption.
Diet-induced changes in glucose and triglycerides are associated with changes in plasminogen activator inhibitor levels.
Concentration of ethinyl estradiol in the serum of 31 young women following a treatment period of 3 months with two low-dose oral contraceptives in an intraindividual cross-over design.
An international study of the relationship between alcohol consumption and postmenopausal estradiol levels.
Alcohol and other dietary factors in relation to serum hormone concentrations in women at climacteric.
Gas chromatographic profiles of plasma total lipids as indicators of dietary history. Correlation with fat intake based on 24-h dietary recall.
Restricting environmental stimulation influences levels and variability of plasma cortisol.
Rapid determination by high performance liquid chromatography of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate in plasma stored in plastic bags.
Muscle protein turnover in chickens selected for increased growth rate, food consumption or efficiency of food utilisation: effects of genotype and relationship to plasma IGF-I and growth hormone.
The microsphere technique in anaesthetized and awake pregnant guinea-pigs: reproducibility of repeated blood flow measurements.
Reproducibility of 24-hour serum growth hormone profiles in man.
Dietary deficiency of vitamin B12 is associated with low serum cobalamin levels in non-vegetarians.
Comparison of reliability of plasma fructosamine and glycosylated hemoglobin assays for assessing glycemic control in diabetic patients on hemodialysis.
A major factor contributing to the high degree of unexplained variability of some elements concentrations in biological tissue: 27 elements in 5 organs of the mussel Mytilus as a model.
Exposure to dioxins and dibenzofurans through the consumption of fish.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling with dichloromethane, its metabolite, carbon monoxide, and blood carboxyhemoglobin in rats and humans.
Assessment of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: analysis of selected isomers in blood and adipose tissue.
Alteration of serum lipoprotein metabolism by polychlorinated biphenyls and methionine in rats fed a soybean protein diet.
Accidental exposure of children to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Problems associated with interferences in the analysis of serum for polychlorinated biphenyls.
Relationship in humans between ascorbic acid consumption and levels of total and reduced ascorbic acid in lens, aqueous humor, and plasma.
The relationship between coffee consumption and lipid levels in young and older people in the Heidelberg-Michelstadt-Berlin study.
Cochlear efferent neurones and protection against acoustic trauma: protection of outer hair cell receptor current and interanimal variability.
Evidence of an unusual pattern of polychlorinated biphenyls in the serum of some residents and canines in Paoli, Pennsylvania.
Postlabeling analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells of foundry workers.
A computerized diet questionnaire for use in diet health education. 1. Development and validation.
Relationship between mutagenicity and DNA adduct formation in mammalian cells for fjord- and bay-region diol-epoxides of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Biological variability of superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and catalase in blood.
An evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire for assessing dietary intake of specific carotenoids and vitamin E among low-income black women.
Relationship between serum xanthophyll levels and the consumption of cigarettes, alcohol or foods in healthy inhabitants of Japan.
Reliability of pulpal blood-flow measurements utilizing laser Doppler flowmetry.
Estimating serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels in highly exposed workers: an empirical model.
The caffeine breath test and caffeine urinary metabolite ratios in the Michigan cohort exposed to polybrominated biphenyls: a preliminary study.
Is serum gamma-glutamyl transferase a good marker of alcohol intake in stroke patients?
Reliability and interrelations among serum sex hormones in postmenopausal women.
Comparisons of diet and biochemical characteristics of stool and urine between Chinese populations with low and high colorectal cancer rates.
Adipose tissue fatty acid composition and its relations to diet and plasma lipid concentrations in hemodialysis patients.
32P Postlabelling analysis of urinary mutagens from smokers of black tobacco implicates 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) as a major DNA-damaging agent.
Measurement of aortic blood flow by Doppler echocardiography: day to day variability in normal subjects and applicability in clinical research.
Selenium in diet, blood, and toenails in relation to human health in a seleniferous area.
Reliability of ultrasound in the prenatal diagnosis of urinary tract abnormalities.
Non-mutagenicity of 4 metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) and 3 structurally related derivatives of di(2-ethylhexyl)adipate (DEHA) in the Salmonella mutagenicity assay.
Analytic variability and clinical significance of different assays for serum estradiol.
Variability of hemodynamic values and plasma catecholamine concentrations over a one-hour period in conscious, restrained rats.
Intraindividual variability of carbamazepine, phenobarbital, and phenytoin concentrations in saliva.
Steady-state sodium absorption and chloride secretion of colon and coprodeum, and plasma levels of osmoregulatory hormones in hens in relation to sodium intake.
Relationships of dietary fat consumption to serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in hispanic preschool children.
Variability in plasma oestrogen concentrations in men with a myocardial infarction.
Relationship between the concentration of cholecystokinin-like immunoreactivity in plasma and food intake in male rats.
Interindividual comparability of blood glucose alterations after meals of complex carbohydrates.
Transport and cellular uptake of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)--I. Association of individual PCB isomers and congeners with plasma lipoproteins and proteins in the pigeon.
Permeability of the blood-ocular barrier to mannitol and PAH during experimental diabetes.
Distribution of toxaphene, DDT, and PCB among lipoprotein fractions in rat and human plasma.
Association between habitual coffee consumption and blood pressure levels.
Potential compounds for monitoring method performance in the determination of selected organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Rotation of the anatomic regions used for insulin injections and day-to-day variability of plasma glucose in type I diabetic subjects.
Changes in free amino acid levels in various tissues of common carp in response to insulin injection followed by force-feeding an amino acid diet.
Serological characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon diolepoxide-DNA adducts using monoclonal antibodies.
Exercise tolerance and alcohol intake. Blood pressure relation.
Urinary and serum urea as indicators of protein metabolism in very low birthweight infants fed varying human milk protein intakes.
Alcohol consumption and blood pressure: a comparison of native Japanese to American men.
Effects of winter nutrition and summer pasture or a feedlot diet on plasma insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and the relationship between circulating concentrations of IGF-I and thyroid hormones in steers.
Consumption of boiled coffee is correlated with serum cholesterol in Finland.
Effect of level of dietary protein on arginine-stimulated citrulline synthesis. Correlation with mitochondrial N-acetylglutamate concentrations.
Effect of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate on enzyme activity levels in liver and serum of rats.
The relationship between dietary intake and urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium: Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
ECG wave form, short term heart rate variability and plasma catecholamine concentrations in intrauterine growth-retarded guinea-pig fetuses.
Plasma and renal clearance of iohexol--a study on the reproducibility of a method for the glomerular filtration rate.
Ambulatory pulmonary arterial pressure in primary pulmonary hypertension: variability, relation to systemic arterial pressure, and plasma catecholamines.
Food predictors of plasma beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol: validation of a food frequency questionnaire.
Age-associated reduction of prostacyclin and thromboxane synthesis is inversely related to plasma cholesterol levels: modulation by dietary cholesterol supplementation.
Mutagenicity of deep-frying fat, and evaluation of urine mutagenicity after consumption of fried potatoes.
Selenium in diet, blood, and toenails in relation to breast cancer: a case-control study.
Variability of serum prolactin and progesterone levels in normal women: the relevance of single hormone measurements in the clinical setting.
Development of a trichloroacetic acid precipitation assay for covalent adducts of thymidylate synthase.
Genetic variability in domesticated and wild sheep based on blood protein characters.
Molecular dosimetry of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxides and diol epoxides via hemoglobin adducts.
Reliability of current techniques for histamine determination in human plasma: the European external quality control study 1988.
Methylmalonic acid concentrations in serum of normal subjects: biological variability and effect of oral L-isoleucine loads before and after intramuscular administration of cobalamin.
Postlabeling and immunoassay analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons--adducts of deoxyribonucleic acid in white blood cells of foundry workers.
Within-person fluctuations of serum cholesterol and lipoproteins.
Day-to-day variability of serum cholesterol, triglyceride, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Impact on the assessment of risk according to the National Cholesterol Education Program guidelines.
The variability of serum cholesterol measurements: implications for screening and monitoring.
Plasma cholinesterase activity in a healthy population group with no occupational exposure to known cholinesterase inhibitors: relative influence of some factors related to normal inter- and intra-individual variations.
Subcutaneous adipose-tissue fatty acids and vitamin E in humans: relation to diet and sampling site.
Capillary blood cell velocity in finger nailfold: characteristics and reproducibility of the local cold response.
Taurine concentrations in plasma and whole blood in humans: estimation of error from intra- and interindividual variation and sampling technique.
Improved reliability of a serum alpha-fetoprotein enzyme immunoassay compared with a radioimmunoassay.
Variability in predicted rates of Down syndrome associated with elevated maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein levels in older women.
Daily variability in human serum prostate-specific antigen and prostatic acid phosphatase: a comparative evaluation.
Variability of cellular responsiveness to ADH stimulation in toad urinary bladder.
PCB and other organochlorine compounds in blood of women with or without miscarriage: a hypothesis of correlation.
Biological monitoring of fire fighters: sister chromatid exchange and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral blood cells.
Dietary patterns in 10 groups and the relationship with blood pressure. Collaborative Study Group for Cardiovascular Diseases and Their Risk Factors.
Differential effects of dietary fat on the tissue-specific expression of the apolipoprotein A-I gene: relationship to plasma concentration of high density lipoproteins.
Sensitivity and reproducibility of urinary C-peptide as estimate of islet B-cell function in insulin-treated diabetes.
Progress in lipid reporting practices and reliability of blood cholesterol measurement in clinical laboratories in Nebraska. Efforts to align results with the Centers for Disease Control, and feasibility of meeting National Cholesterol Education Program Guidelines.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs), and dichlorodiphenyl trichloroethane (DDT) levels in the sera of young children.
Comparison of the increment in plasma eicosapentaenoate concentrations by fish oil intake between young and middle-aged volunteers.
Plasma concentrations of 15-keto-13,14-dihydro-PGF-2 alpha, oestrone sulphate, oestradiol-17 beta and progesterone in pregnant guinea-pigs treated with polychlorinated biphenyls.
Clinical significance of a new isoform of serum alanine aminopeptidase; relationship with liver disease and alcohol consumption.
Serum mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase activity: not useful as a marker of excessive alcohol consumption in an unselected population.
Steady-state fluctuation and variability of betaxolol and atenolol plasma levels.
Relationship between serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity, blood pressure and alcohol consumption.
Pharmacokinetics of captopril and its effects on blood pressure during acute and chronic administration and in relation to food intake.
Reliability of fetal buttock blood sampling in assessing the acid-base balance of the breech fetus.
Relationship of dietary fat to plasma fatty acids, blood pressure, and urinary eicosanoids in adult men.
Reasons for intraindividual inconstancy of the digoxin saliva to serum concentration ratio.
Relationship between dietary protein concentration and serum trypsin-like immunoreactivity in dogs.
Variability of coronary blood flow measurements with microspheres in the rat: role of injection site and sphere number.
Intra-individual variation in plasma and erythrocyte cholinesterase activities and the monitoring of uptake of organo-phosphate pesticides.
Variability of urine albumin excretion in normal and diabetic children.
Reversibility and reproducibility of histamine induced plasma leakage in nasal airways.
Repeatability of Doppler ultrasound measurement of blood flow velocity and its variability in the supraclinoid segment of the internal carotid artery in preterm newborns.
Reliability of self-monitoring of blood glucose by CSII-treated patients with type I diabetes.
Regulation of bovine adipose tissue metabolism during lactation. 5. Relationships of lipid synthesis and lipolysis with energy intake and utilization.
Significant increase of IQ-type heterocyclic amines, dietary carcinogens in the plasma of patients with uremia just before induction of hemodialysis treatment.
Relation between dopaminergic control of pituitary lactotroph function and deceleration of age-related changes in serum prolactin of diet-restricted rats.
Reliability of a urine dipstick in emergency department patients.
Reliability of the determination of whole-blood oxygen affinity by means of blood-gas analyzers and multi-wavelength oximeters.
Variability in lipoprotein concentrations in serum after prolonged storage at -20 degrees C.
Effect of vitamin B12-deficiency on the activity of hepatic cystathionine beta-synthase in rats.
Biological monitoring of human exposure to coal tar. Urinary excretion of total polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-hydroxypyrene and mutagens in psoriatic patients.
Cerebral blood flow velocity variability after cardiovascular support in premature babies.
Variability in the pharmacokinetics of nisoldipine as caused by differences in liver blood flow response.
Relationship between serum cholesteryl ester composition, dietary habits and coronary risk factors in middle-aged men.
Quantification of regional cerebral blood flow with IMP-SPECT. Reproducibility and clinical relevance of flow values.
On the performance and reliability of mechanized urine teststrip measurement in comparison with visual reading.
Experimental uraemia with associated plasma amino acid abnormalities but without retarded food intake and weight gain.
Relationship of intraindividual dose to plasma concentration of carbamazepine: indication of dose-dependent induction of metabolism.
Heart rate, employment status, and prevalent ischaemic heart disease confound relation between cereal fibre intake and blood pressure.
Diet, alcohol, body mass, and social factors in relation to blood pressure: the Caerphilly Heart Study.
Interindividual variation of beta-adrenoceptor blocking drugs, plasma concentration and effect: influence of genetic status on behaviour of atenolol, bopindolol and metoprolol.
Toxicity of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. I. Effect of phenanthrene, pyrene, and their ozonized products on blood chemistry in rats.
Relation between consumption of alcohol and fatty acids esterifying serum cholesterol in healthy men.
Blood lipid variability in relation to relative weight and biochemical markers of tobacco and alcohol consumption.
Plasma concentrations of arginine vasotocin, prolactin, aldosterone and corticosterone in relation to oviposition and dietary NaCl in the domestic fowl.
Blood lead-blood pressure relations: alcohol intake and hemoglobin as confounders.
Variability of thymidylate synthase activity in whole blood cultures treated with FUdR.
The variability of overnight urinary albumin excretion in insulin-dependent diabetic and normal subjects.
Dietary and hormonal interrelationships in premenopausal women: evidence for a relationship between dietary nutrients and plasma prolactin levels.
Plasma atrial natriuretic peptide in essential hypertension. Comparison with normotensive subjects and effects of changes in dietary sodium intake.
The reproducibility of resting and post exercise plasma beta-endorphins.
Use of memory meters to measure reliability of self blood glucose monitoring.
A proficiency score for assessing the reliability of self blood glucose monitoring.
Immunological studies of patients with Down's syndrome. Measurements of autoantibodies and serum antibodies to dietary antigens in relation to zinc levels.
The relations between vitamin D2 and D3 in the diet and plasma 25OHD2 and 25OHD3 in elderly women in Great Britain.
Effects of an elemental diet, inert bulk and different types of dietary fibre on the response of the intestinal epithelium to refeeding in the rat and relationship to plasma gastrin, enteroglucagon, and PYY concentrations.
Serum isocitrate dehydrogenase during polybrominated biphenyl toxicosis in dairy cattle.
Diagnostic reliability of simultaneous measurements of beta human chorionic gonadotropin and pregnancy-specific beta-1-glycoprotein in serum of patients with trophoblastic disease.
Sources of variability in foot and mouth disease vaccine potency estimates based on serum neutralizing antibody assay.
Vegetarian diet and blood pressure levels: incidental or causal association?
Reliability of voiding colpo-cysto-urethrography in female urinary stress incontinence before and after treatment.
The uterine artery blood flow velocity waveform: reproducibility and results in normal pregnancy.
Myoinositol in small preterm infants: relationship between intake and serum concentration.
Gas chromatographic and mass spectrometric analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human placenta and cord blood.
Effects of dietary methionine, cystine and potassium sulfate on serum cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
A pilot study of serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels in persons at high risk of exposure in residential and occupational environments.
Assessment of clinical, metabolic, dietary, and occupational correlations with serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels among employees at an electrical capacitor manufacturing plant.
A theoretical study of the binding of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dibenzodioxins, and dibenzofuran to human plasma prealbumin.
Influence of serum cholesterol and albumin on partitioning of PCB congeners between human serum and adipose tissue.
Micro anion exchange chromatography of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum in relation to alcohol consumption (Swedish Patent 8400587-5).
Population pharmacokinetics of alfentanil: the average dose-plasma concentration relationship and interindividual variability in patients.
Correlation of dietary aflatoxin B1 levels with excretion of aflatoxin M1 in human urine.
Evaluation of potential health effects associated with serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels.
Pilot survey of urinary porphyrins from persons transiently exposed to a PCB transformer fire.
Effect of dietary ascorbic acid, cholesterol and PCB on cholesterol concentrations in serum and liver in a rat mutant unable to synthesize ascorbic acid.
Detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells of foundry workers.
Quantification of plasma lipids and apolipoproteins in British Halflop rabbits. A comparison between normocholesterolemic rabbits, hypercholesterolemic rabbits (modified WHHL rabbits) and rabbits fed an atherogenic diet.
Canine serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs): a pilot study to evaluate the use of animal sentinels in environmental health.
Do residue levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human blood produce mild hypothyroidism?
Serum screening for oncogene proteins in workers exposed to PCBs.
Use of mannitol during neurosurgery: interpatient variability in the plasma and CSF levels.
A-DNA accommodates adducts derived from diol epoxides of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons bound in a "side-stacking" mode.
Alcohol intake correlated with serum trace elements.
Intra-individual variation of serum thyroxin and triiodothyronine in pregnancy.
Variability of serum drug level following a single oral dose of dipyridamole.
Relationship between dietary tyrosine and plasma cholesterol in the rat.
Blood flow distribution and its temporal variability in stimulated dog gastrocnemius muscle.
Calcium intake and the relationship of dietary sodium and potassium to blood pressure.
Relationship of dietary sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium with blood pressure. Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
Airborne concentrations, skin contamination, and urinary metabolite excretion of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among paving workers exposed to coal tar derived road tars.
Plasma apolipoprotein B in middle-aged Finnish men. Evidence for a regional gradient of apo B and lack of negative correlation between apo B and dietary linoleate in hyperapobetalipoproteinemia.
Reliability and accuracy of Urotel test, a device for urinary cytology.
Comparison of changes in serum androgen binding protein with germinal epithelial damage and infertility induced by di-n-pentyl phthalate.
Variability of capillary plasma glucose in healthy individuals in repeated 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests.
The relation of diet, cigarette smoking, and alcohol consumption to plasma beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol levels.
Toxicological quandary of the use of bis (2-diethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) as a plasticizer for blood bags.
Cerebral blood flow velocity variability in infants receiving assisted ventilation.
Blood flow velocity and systolic time intervals measured by pulsed Doppler ultrasound: reproducibility of measurements.
The relationship of dietary intake and serum levels of retinol and beta-carotene with breast cancer. Results of a case-control study.
Effect of lot-to-lot variability in filter paper on the quantification of thyroxin, thyrotropin, and phenylalanine in dried-blood specimens.
Determination of the relationships between psychological stress levels and blood pressure, pulse and respiratory rates, weight and cigarette consumption.
Dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood and adipose tissue of Agent Orange-exposed Vietnam veterans and matched controls.
Structural variability of the neutral carbohydrate moiety of cow colostrum kappa-casein as a function of time after parturition. Identification of a tetrasaccharide with blood group I specificity.
Reproducibility of the measurement of plasma noradrenergic and dopaminergic metabolites in normal subjects.
Intersubject variability in plasma theophylline levels after oral and intravenous administration in Jordanian patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Investigation of serum creatine kinase variability after muscle-damaging exercise.
Fatty acid composition of serum lipids and its relation to diet in an elderly institutionalized population.
A comparison of the effects of a macrobiotic diet and a Western diet on drug metabolism and plasma lipids in man.
Coffee consumption is correlated with serum cholesterol in middle-aged Finnish men and women.
Red blood cell plasma Li ratio variability in affective patients.
The relationship between blood thiamine levels and dietary thiamine content in diabetic outpatients and healthy subjects.
Dietary fat and mammary cancer. II. Modulation of serum and tumor lipid composition and tumor prostaglandins by different dietary fats: association with tumor incidence patterns.
Serum levels of vitamin C in relation to dietary and supplemental intake of vitamin C in smokers and nonsmokers.
Comparison of psychotropic drug intake in two populations in West Germany. Results from the Munich Blood Pressure Study 1980/81 and the Luebeck Blood Pressure Study 1984.
Tubule urate and PAH transport: sensitivity and specificity of serum protein inhibition.
Associations of dietary fat, regional adiposity, and blood pressure in men.
Relationship between serum vitamin D metabolites and dietary intake of phosphate in patients with early renal failure.
Subcutaneous adipose tissue blood flow in the forefoot during 24 hours. Labeling pattern and reproducibility.
Automated trichloroacetic acid precipitation method for urine total protein.
Short-term biological reproducibility of serum fatty acid composition in children.
A longitudinal investigation of the relationships among alcohol consumption, psychosocial factors, and blood pressure.
Measurement of heparin in plasma: influence of inter-subject and circadian variability in heparin sensitivity according to method.
Variability of urinary sodium and potassium excretion in north Chinese men.
Cigarette consumption and serum cotinine in relation to birthweight.
Reliability of urinary N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminidase as an indicator of renal tubular damage in neonates.
Blood variables in adult stumptail macaques (Macaca arctoides) living in a captive group; annual variability.
Association of serum lipids with coffee, tea, and egg consumption in free-living subjects.
The variability and dietary dependence of urinary oxalate excretion in recurrent calcium stone formers.
On the within-population relationship between dietary habits and serum lipid levels in Belgium.
Relationships between dietary cholesterol, cholesterol absorption, cholesterol synthesis, and plasma cholesterol in rhesus monkeys.
Urinary excretion of 1-methylhistidine: a qualitative indicator of exogenous 3-methylhistidine and intake of meats from various sources.
Measurement of food intake in children with diabetes mellitus: a comparison of protein intake and urine nitrogen.
Monochloroacetic acid toxicity in the mouse associated with blood-brain barrier damage.
Plasma catecholamines, dietary carbohydrate, and glucose intolerance: a comparison between young and old men.
Relationship between alcohol consumption, body weight, family history of hypertension and blood pressure in young adults.
Distribution of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and products in blood and blood components.
Biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Metabolites in urine.
The relationship of dietary fat to plasma lipid levels as studied by factor analysis of adipose tissue fatty acid composition in a free-living population of middle-aged American men.
Association between dietary fat intake and plasma factor VII coagulant activity--a predictor of cardiovascular mortality.
Determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the urine, benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-DNA adducts in lymphocyte DNA, and antibodies to the adducts in sera from coke oven workers exposed to measured amounts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the work atmosphere.
Comparative clinical reliability of fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between urinary calcium and calcium intake during calcitriol administration.
Urinary excretion of nitrosodimethylamine and nitrosoproline in humans: interindividual and intraindividual differences and the effect of administered ascorbic acid and alpha-tocopherol.
Urine mutagenicity as an indicator of exposure to dietary mutagens formed during cooking of foods.
Reliability of plasma creatinine measurement in infants and children.
Altered aortic reactivity and lowered blood pressure associated with high calcium intake.
Patterns and relationships of plasma calcium, protein and phosphorus during the egg laying cycle of the fowl and the effect of dietary calcium.
The relationship of salt intake and arterial blood pressure in salted-tea drinking Kashmiris.
Reliability and significance of increased creatine kinase MB isoenzyme in the serum of uremic patients.
Inhibition of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in epidermis and lungs of SENCAR mice by naturally occurring plant phenols.
Relationship between amino acid composition of diet and plasma cholesterol level in growing rats fed a high cholesterol diet.
Effects of sera from uninephrectomized rats on renal slices: PAH and TEA uptake and QO2.
Limits of reproducibility of blood flow measurements by Doppler echocardiography.
Relationship of magnesium intake and other dietary factors to blood pressure: the Honolulu heart study.
Partitioning the variability of fasting plasma glucose levels in pedigrees. Genetic and environmental factors.
Urinary kallikrein: assay validation and physiological variability.
The association of intakes of vitamin D and calcium with blood pressure among women.
Relation of alcohol, physical activity, dietary fat and smoking to serum HDL and total cholesterol in young Finnish men.
The sodium intake modifies the renin-aldosterone and blood pressure changes associated with moderately low energy diets.
Reproducibility of the variations between humans in the response of serum cholesterol to cessation of egg consumption.
PCB and PCDF congeners in the blood and tissues of yusho and yu-cheng patients.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, dibenzofurans and quaterphenyls in toxic rice-bran oil and in the blood and tissues of patients with PCB poisoning (Yu-Cheng) in Taiwan.
PCBs, PCQs and PCDFs in blood of yusho and yu-cheng patients.
Health status and PCBs in blood of workers exposed to PCBs and of their children.
Polychlorinated biphenyl uptake and transport by lymph and plasma components.
Polychlorinated biphenyl poisoning: correlation of sensory and motor nerve conduction, neurologic symptoms, and blood levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, quaterphenyls, and dibenzofurans.
Effect of dietary egg on variability of plasma cholesterol levels and lipoprotein cholesterol.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in the blood of personnel from an electric utility.
Relationship of food intake to the induction of plasma sex steroid-binding protein and testicular activity in immature male little brown bats (Myotis lucifugus lucifugus).
Changes in the concentrations of parathyroid hormone and ionic calcium in the plasma of laying hens during the egg cycle in relation to dietary deficiencies of calcium and vitamin D.
Alcohol consumption and its relationship to smoking, weight, blood pressure, and blood lipids. The Albany Study.
Method of assessing the reproducibility of blood flow measurement: factors influencing the performance of thermodilution cardiac output computers.
Reproducibility of plasma catecholamine concentrations at rest and during exercise in man.
The relationship between both sodium and potassium intake and blood pressure in London Civil Servants. A report from the Whitehall Department of Environment Study.
Species variability in the cardiovascular and hematologic effects of zymosan-activated plasma infusion.
Evaluation of reliability of history in women complaining of urinary stress incontinence.
Comparative reliability of D-xylose absorption and serum beta-carotene measurements in small intestinal disease.
Reliability of amitriptyline dose prediction based on single-dose plasma levels.
Determination of phthalic acid, mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in human plasma and in blood products.
The relationship between plasma concentrations of prolactin and consumption of feed and water during the reproductive cycle of the domestic turkey.
Dietary cadmium intakes of farmers in nonpolluted areas in Japan, and the relation with blood cadmium levels.
Relationship between zinc intake, physical activity, and blood levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in a healthy elderly population.
Mutagenic activity and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels in urine of workers exposed to coal tar pitch volatiles in an anode plant.
Inter-individual variation in blood supply of the optic nerve head. Its importance in various ischemic disorders of the optic nerve head, and glaucoma, low-tension glaucoma and allied disorders.
Measurement of blood-retinal barrier permeability: a reproducibility study in normal eyes.
A simple approach to estimate the variability of individual plasma drug concentrations in patients at a standardized multiple dosing regimen.
Passage of undegraded dietary antigen into the blood of healthy adults. Quantification, estimation of size distribution, and relation of uptake to levels of specific antibodies.
Reliability of urinary cytodiagnosis in urothelial neoplasms.
Relationship of blood flow and oxygen consumption to ischemic injury in the canine small intestine.
Coagulopoietin activity in rat plasma: influence of degree of hypoprothrombinemia and reproducibility of the response.
Blood pressure development of the spontaneously hypertensive rat after concurrent manipulations of dietary Ca2+ and Na+. Relation to intestinal Ca2+ fluxes.
Long term 'marine diet' in Eskimos is not associated with altered urinary excretion of total tetranor prostaglandin metabolites.
Urine phthalate determinations as an index of occupational exposure to phthalic anhydride and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Relationship of diet to the fatty acid composition of human adipose tissue structural and stored lipids.
Variability in the response of different male subjects to the effect of marathon running on the increase in plasma high density lipoprotein.
Regional cerebral blood flow utilizing the gamma camera and xenon inhalation: reproducibility and clinical applications.
The need of essential amino acids in children. An evaluation based on the intake of phenylalanine, tyrosine, leucine, isoleucine, and valine in children with phenylketonuria, tyrosine amino transferase defect, and maple syrup urine disease.
Alterations of plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels associated with consumption of selected medications. The Lipid Research Clinics Program Prevalence Study.
Plasma neutral amino acid ratios in normal man and in patients with hepatic encephalopathy: correlations with self-selected protein and energy consumption.
Physiological and pharmacological variability in estimated hepatic blood flow in man.
The combined effect of DDT and polychlorinated biphenyls on the blood and heart rate of the white leghorn cockerel (Gallus domesticus).
Variability of the topography of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors in the plasma membrane of cultured human skin fibroblasts as revealed by gold-LDL conjugates in conjunction with the surface replication technique.
Increase of neurophysin II serum levels in chronic alcoholic patients: relationship with alcohol consumption and alcoholism blood markers during withdrawal therapy.
Differences in urinary metabolic profile from di-n-butyl phthalate-treated rats and hamsters. A possible explanation for species differences in susceptibility to testicular atrophy.
Contribution of the genetic status of oxidative metabolism to variability in the plasma concentrations of beta-adrenoceptor blocking agents.
Within-individual variation in steady state plasma levels of different neuroleptics and prolactin.
Variability of plasma proteins according to molecular size. Long-term and short-term intra-individual variation.
Serum isoamylases in Sjgren's syndrome. Concentration levels and intra-individual variation.
Variability of the electrophoretic mobility of low density lipoprotein. Comparison of interstitial fluid from human aortic intima and serum.
Escherichia coli antibodies in alcoholic liver disease. Correlation to alcohol consumption, alcoholic hepatitis, and serum IgA.
Abnormalities of lymphocyte subsets are correlated with concentrate consumption in asymptomatic Italian hemophiliacs treated with concentrates made from American plasma.
Reproducibility of Doppler aortic blood flow measurements: studies on intraobserver, interobserver and day-to-day variability in normal subjects.
Temperature-programmed gas chromatographic determination of polychlorinated and polybrominated biphenyls in serum.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls on the development of intestinal and serum marker enzymes.
Partitioning of polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs) in serum, adipose tissue, breast milk, placenta, cord blood, biliary fluid, and feces.
Long-term effects of a single oral dose of polybrominated biphenyls on serum and liver lipids in rats.
Relationship between plasma concentrations of immunoreactive beta-endorphin and food intake in rats.
The actions of dichloroacetic acid on blood glucose, liver glycogen and fatty acid synthesis in obese-hyperglycaemic (ob/ob) and lean mice.
Reliability of symptom-blood glucose relationships among insulin-dependent adult diabetics.
Chemical renal medullectomy. Effect on urinary prostaglandin E2 and plasma renin in response to variations in sodium intake and in relation to blood pressure.
A study of the reliability of carcinoembryonic antigen blood levels in following the course of colorectal cancer.
Reliability of blood glucose monitoring by patients with diabetes mellitus.
Lipogenesis and lipoprotein lipase in human adipose tissue: reproducibility of measurements and relationships with fat cell size.
Lake Michigan fish consumption as a source of polychlorinated biphenyls in human cord serum, maternal serum, and milk.
Gas-liquid chromatographic determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and a selected number of chlorinated hydrocarbons in serum.
Assessment of methods to determine PCB levels in blood serum: interlaboratory study.
Ocular manifestation of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) intoxication. Its relationship to PCB blood concentration.
Serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and some organochlorine insecticides in women with recent and former missed abortions.
Variability of arterial blood gas values in stable patients in the ICU.
Evaluation of potential analytical approach for determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in serum: interlaboratory study.
Improvement of plasma quality as raw material for factor VIII:C concentrates. Storage of whole blood and plasma and interindividual plasma levels of fibrinopeptide A.
Arsenic metabolites in urine and feces of hamsters pretreated with PCB.
Heterogeneity of human peripheral blood eosinophils: variability in cell density and cytotoxic ability in relation to the level and the origin of hypereosinophilia.
Consumption of 'low-yield' cigarettes: its frequency and relationship to serum thiocyanate.
Comparison of reliability of tests to distinguish upper from lower urinary tract infection.
Chlorinated hydrocarbons in adipose tissue of infants and toddlers: inventory and studies on their association with intake of mothers' milk.
Variability in CO2, O2, and pH levels in blood culture bottles from five different manufacturers.
An inverse relationship between plasma carnitine and triglycerides in selected Macaca arctoides and Macaca nemistrina fed a low-fat chow diet.
Effects of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate on lipid composition of serum and testis in rats.
Characterization of erythrocyte quality during the refrigerated storage of whole blood containing di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
Reproducibility and reliability of urinary incontinence assessment with a 60 min test.
Reproducibility of skin tests. A comparative study of the Pepys prick test and the Morrow-Brown needle and their correlation with the serum IgE level.
The relationship between the levels of DNA-hydrocarbon adducts and the formation of sister-chromatid exchanges in Chinese hamster ovary cells treated with derivatives of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary metabolites of orally administered di-(5-hexenyl) phthalate and di-(9-decenyl) phthalate in the rat.
Serum lipids and glucose as associated with hemoglobin levels and copper and zinc intake in young adults.
Mechanism of the variability in plasma cholesterol response to cholesterol feeding in rhesus monkeys.
Variability in different lots of commercial bovine serum albumin affects cell multiplication and hatching of rabbit blastocysts in culture.
Effect of intra-individual change in serum protein binding on the pharmacologic response of R- and S-disopyramide in the rabbit.
The association of blood pressure and dietary alcohol: differences by age, sex, and estrogen use.
Characteristics of the association between salt intake and blood pressure in a sample of male working population in southern Italy.
Variability in blood alcohol concentrations. Implications for estimating individual results.
Reproducibility of ejection fraction measurements by gated equilibrium blood pool scintigraphy.
Total mercury concentrations in human hair from 13 countries in relation to fish consumption and location.
Identification of 1-hydroxypyrene as a major metabolite of pyrene in pig urine.
Relationship between the fatty acid composition of the diet and that of the subcutaneous adipose tissue in individual human subjects.
Relationship of dietary crude protein to composition of uterine secretions and blood in high-producing postpartum dairy cows.
The effect of plasma glucose variability on neonatal outcome in the pregnant diabetic patient.
Testicular atrophy of rats induced by di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate: effects of vitamin A and zinc concentrations in the testis, liver and serum.
The relationship of dietary and serum vitamin A to the occurrence of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in sexually active women.
Blood pressure and intra-erythrocyte sodium during normal and high salt intake in middle-aged men: relationship to family history of hypertension, and neurogenic and hormonal variables.
Reliability of clinical monitoring to assess blood volume in critically ill patients.
Relationship between polyphenol intake and blood glucose response of normal and diabetic individuals.
Relationship of brain blood flow and oxygen consumption to perfusion flow rate during profoundly hypothermic cardiopulmonary bypass. An experimental study.
Variability of blood lead concentrations during infancy.
The activated partial thromboplastin time of diluted plasma: variability due to the method of fibrin detection.
The effects of familial relationships, age, body weight, and diet on blood pressure and the 24 hour urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, and creatinine in men, women, and children of randomly selected families.
Hypothesis: discrepancy between intra- and interpopulation studies of the relationship between dietary salt and blood pressure: fact or fiction?
Use of the fluorescence probe 1-anilino-8-naphthalenesulfonate in predicting interindividual differences in the plasma protein binding of acidic drugs in rats.
Regional variability of blood flow and glucose utilization within the subependymal germinal matrix.
Variability of plasma phenobarbitone concentration in Asian children in Singapore.
Blood pressure in blacks and whites and its relationship to dietary sodium and potassium intake.
Variability of plasma lipids in response to emotional arousal.
Effect of dietary level of protein on liver microsomal drug-metabolizing enzymes, urinary ascorbic acid and lipid metabolism in rats fed PCB-containing diets.
Dietary selenium and levels of L-ascorbic acid in the plasma, livers, and lungs of polychlorinated biphenyls-treated rats.
Radioimmunoassay of PCBs in milk and blood.
Effect of dietary level of sulfur-containing amino acids on liver drug-metabolizing enzymes, serum cholesterol and urinary ascorbic acid in rats fed PCB.
Reliability of the plaque assay to determine the sensitivity of Neisseria gonorrhoeae to the bactericidal activity of normal human serum.
Comparative rates of elimination of some individual polychlorinated biphenyls from the blood of PCB-poisoned patients in Taiwan.
Local blood flow, oxygen tension, and oxygen consumption in the rat spinal cord. Part 2: Relation to segmental level.
Comparison of the effects of Hepatic-Aid and a Casein modular diet on encephalopathy, plasma amino acids, and nitrogen balance in cirrhotic patients.
Serum fatty acids in 8-year-old Finnish boys: correlations with qualitative dietary data and other serum lipids.
Dietary cholesterol decreases the serum level of zinc: further evidence for the positive relationship between serum zinc and high-density lipoproteins.
Prolonged variability in plasma protein binding of disopyramide after acute myocardial infarction.
Effects of variation in the dietary supply of cysteine and methionine on liver concentration of glutathione and "active sulfate" (PAPS) and serum levels of sulfate, cystine, methionine and taurine: relation to the metabolism of acetaminophen.
Patterns of genetic variability in the serum proteins of the Kenyan vervet monkey (Cercopithecus aethiops).
Relation of blood pressure to reported intake of salt, saturated fats, and alcohol in healthy middle-aged population.
Antepartum fetal heart rate variability and intervillous placental blood flow in association with smoking.
Variability in individual serum cholesterol response to change in diet.
Reductions in regional cerebral blood flow associated with chronic consumption of alcohol.
The reliability of laboratory data from blood samples collected through pulmonary artery catheters.
Plasma concentrations and urinary excretion of mouse epidermal growth factor associated with the inhibition of food consumption and of wool growth in Merino wethers.
Relation of diet to LDL cholesterol, VLDL cholesterol, and plasma total cholesterol and triglycerides in white adults. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
Water and electrolyte composition of urine and ileal fluid and its relationship to renin and aldosterone during dietary sodium deprivation in patients with ileostomies.
Variability of antibody-specific induction and regulation of plaque-forming cells in cultures of normal human peripheral blood lymphocytes.
Relation of habitual diet to fasting plasma insulin concentration and the insulin response to oral glucose.
PAH transport in rock crab urinary bladder. II. Luminal and serosal steps.
A comparison of the effects of infection with Eimeria maxima and dietary restriction on weight gain, plasma metabolites and liver glycogen in the immature fowl, Gallus domesticus.
PAH secretion in the urinary bladder of a crab Cancer borealis.
Dietary intake and serum total cholesterol level: their relationship to different lifestyles in several Japanese populations.
Variability of serum indomethacin concentrations after oral and intravenous administration to preterm infants.
Selenium in human hair in relation to age, diet, pathological condition and serum levels.
Relative error and variability in blood flow measurements with radiolabeled microspheres.
Phthalate esters I: Effects on cytochrome P-450 mediated metabolism in rat liver and lung, serum enzymatic activities and serum protein levels.
Chromatographic separation and quantitative determination of the metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate from urine of laboratory animals.
Plasma lipoprotein concentration as an indicator of fatness in broilers: effect of age and diet.
Dietary cellulose, wheat bran, and fish meal in relation to hepatic lipids, serum lipids, and lipid excretion in laying hens.
Hepatic effects of a phthalate ester plasticizer leached from poly(vinyl chloride) blood bags following transfusion.
Selenium supplementation: plasma glutathione peroxidase an indicator of selenium intake.
Oxygen consumption of human seminal plasma: relationships with semen characteristics.
Intra-individual variation of serum cholesterol, triglycerides and high density lipoprotein cholesterol in normal humans.
Blood flow during pregnancy in the rat: II. Dynamics of and litter variability in uterine flow.
Intraindividual variations of 8-methoxypsoralen plasma levels.
Components of variability in serum theophylline concentrations during maintenance therapy with a sustained release formulation.
The pattern of urinary stone disease in Leeds and in the United Kingdom in relation to animal protein intake during the period 1960-1980.
Prediction of phenytoin dosage in relation to the variability of phenytoin plasma concentration.
Effect of heat on the conversion of di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate to mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate in human plasma.
Contamination of commercial blood products by di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate and mono-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Effects of intermittent dichloromethane inhalation on blood carboxyhemoglobin concentration and drug metabolizing enzymes in rat.
Boron content of plasma and urine as indicators of boron intake in cattle.
Levels and interrelationships of serum and lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides. Association with adiposity and the consumption of ethanol, tobacco, and beverages containing caffeine.
Differential timing of maximal postprandial concentrations of plasma chenodeoxycholate and cholate: its variability and implications.
Platelet functions in relation to diet and serum lipids in British farmers.
Variability of oxygen affinity of blood: human subjects native to high altitude.
Automated differential leucocyte counters: an evaluation of the Hemalog D and A comparison with the Hematrak. I. Principles of operation; reproducibility and accuracy on normal blood samples.
PAH transport in rock crab (Cancer irroratus) urinary bladder.
Relationship of dietary selenium to selenium in plasma and milk from dairy cows.
Variability in heparin effect on serum drug binding.
The variability of human red blood cell magnesium level according to HLA groups.
Quantitative evaluation of plasma-opsonizing activity from the lag period of phagocytosis-connected oxygen consumption by leukocytes in whole blood.
The reliability of serum theophylline determinations from clinical laboratories.
Intraindividual variability of plasma cholesterol and triglycerides and the effect of propranolol treatment.
Sex differences in the relationships between obesity, alcohol consumption and cigarette smoking and serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentrations in a normal population.
Chronopharmacokinetic variability in plasma morphine concentrations following oral doses of morphine solution.
Methodological aspects, dose-response characteristics and causes of interindividual variation in insulin stimulation of limb blood flow in normal subjects.
In vitro and in vivo studies of the effect of the concentration of plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on the blood compatibility of plasticized poly(vinyl chloride) drain tubes.
Effect of a high alpha-linolenate and high linoleate diet on membrane-associated enzyme activities in rat brain--modulation of Na+, K+- ATPase activity at suboptimal concentrations of ATP.
Immunologic effects of background prenatal and postnatal exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in Dutch infants.
Models to study the relation between oxygen consumption and oxygen delivery during an acute reduction in blood flow: comparison of balloon filling in the inferior vena cava, tamponade, and hemorrhage.
Biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in a highly polluted area of Poland.
Dietary intake, plasma levels of antioxidant vitamins, and oxidative stress in relation to coronary artery disease in elderly subjects.
Evaluation of daily dietary intake of dichloro-diphenyl-trichloroethane (DDT) and benzene hexachloride (BHC) in India.
Subchronic dietary exposure to Aroclor 1254 in rats: accumulation of PCBs in liver, blood, and adipose tissue and its relationship to induction of various hepatic drug-metabolizing enzymes.
Use of terazosin in prostatodynia and validation of a symptom score questionnaire.
The reliability of urinary 5-HIAA levels.
Measurement of frequencies of HPRT mutants, chromosomal aberrations, micronuclei, sister-chromatid exchanges and cells with high frequencies of SCEs in styrene/dichloromethane-exposed workers.
Assay variability in serum prostate-specific antigen determination.
Interindividual variability in the urinary excretion of inorganic arsenic metabolites by C57 BL/6J mice: possible involvement of a thiol/disulfide exchange mechanism.
Biochemical validation of a self-administered semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire.
Daily variability in resting levels of cardiovascular variables in normal subjects and those with homozygous sickle cell disease.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of vegetable intake: the University of Minnesota Cancer Prevention Research Unit Feeding Studies.
Association of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (estimated from job category) with concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in urine from workers at a steel plant.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in coal liquefaction workers: impact of a workwear policy on excretion of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Synthesis and characterization of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) identified in human serum.
Comparison of the effects on the diurnal blood pressure, glucose, and lipid levels of a diet rich in monounsaturated fatty acids with a diet rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids in type 2 diabetic subjects.
Dermal absorption of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the blood-perfused pig ear.
Biomarkers of habitual fish intake in adipose tissue.
The relationship between calcium, phosphorus, and sodium intake, race, and blood pressure in children with renal insufficiency: a report of the Growth Failure in Children with Renal Diseases (GFRD) Study.
Liquid-gel partitioning using Lipidex in the determination of polychlorinated biphenyls, naphthalenes, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood plasma.
PCDD/PCDF levels in the blood of workers at a pulp and paper mill.
Possible mechanisms for PhIP-DNA adduct formation in the mammary gland of female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Toxicity of PCB 77 (3,3',4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl) and PCB 118 (2,3',4,4'5-pentachlorobiphenyl) in the rat following subchronic dietary exposure.
Dietary sources and background levels of hippuric acid in urine: comparison of Philippine and Japanese levels.
The associations between alcohol drinking and dietary habits and blood pressure in Japanese men.
Superior mesenteric artery and renal artery blood flow velocity measurements in neonates: technique and interobserver reliability.
The repeatability of faecal egg counts, peripheral eosinophil counts, and plasma pepsinogen concentrations during deliberate infections with Ostertagia circumcincta.
Concentrations and plasma-tissue-diet relationships of carotenoids, retinoids, and tocopherols in humans.
Relations between nutrient intake and serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels.
In vitro conjugation of benzene metabolites by human liver: potential influence of interindividual variability on benzene toxicity.
Association between serum lipids and apolipoprotein E phenotype is influenced by diet in a population-based sample of free-living children and young adults: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of dietary fiber: relation to intestinal fermentation and bile acid excretion.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: chemistry of DNA adduct formation.
Effects of gestational and lactational exposure to coplanar polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners or 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) on thyroid hormone concentrations in weanling rats.
Evaluation of the effect of alcohol consumption on erythrocyte lipids and vitamins in a healthy population.
Dietary and plasma branched-chain amino acids in relation to tryptophan: effect on voluntary feed intake and lactation metabolism in the primiparous sow.
Failure to thrive and its relationship to serum vitamin A levels and diet.
Low cholesterol concentrations in free-living elderly subjects: relations with dietary intake and nutritional status.
Plasma fatty acid composition as an indicator of habitual dietary fat intake in middle-aged adults. The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study Investigators.
Relation between beta-carotene intake and plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of carotenoids and retinoids.
Comparison between fat intake assessed by a 3-day food record and phospholipid fatty acid composition of red blood cells: results from the Monitoring of Cardiovascular Disease-Lille Study.
Factor VII coagulant activity in relation to serum lipoproteins and dietary fat in middle-aged men.
Increased risk of mammary carcinoma development following transplacental and trans-breast milk exposure to a food-derived carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), in Sprague-Dawley rats.
The relationship between dietary factors and serum lipids in Chinese urban and rural populations of Beijing and Guangzhou. PRC-USA Cardiovascular and Cardiopulmonary Research Group.
Variability of plasma apolipoprotein (apo) A-II levels associated with an apo A-II gene polymorphism in monozygotic twin pairs.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in environment.
The reproducibility of the plasma response to a physiological dose of zinc in healthy subjects. Implications for study design.
Repeatability and validity of a field kit for estimation of cholinesterase in whole blood.
Induction of dietary iron deficiency in rhesus monkeys: sequential changes in serum ferritin and other biochemical indicators of iron status.
Variability of blood glucose levels in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus on intensified insulin regimens.
Occupational PAH exposure: urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels of coke oven workers, aluminium smelter pot-room workers, road pavers, and occupationally non-exposed persons in Sweden.
Estimation of reference values for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and alpha-naphthol in Danish workers.
Possibility of postprandial electrogastrography for evaluating vagal/nonvagal cholinergic activity in humans, through simultaneous analysis of postprandial heart rate variability and serum immunoreactive hormone levels.
Trihalomethane concentrations in swimmers' and bath attendants' blood and urine after swimming or working in indoor swimming pools.
Epidemiologic study of diet and coronary risk factors in relation to central obesity and insulin levels in rural and urban populations of north India.
Correlation of cervical cancer mortality with reproductive and dietary factors, and serum markers in China.
Potential of concentration monitoring data for a short half-life drug: analysis of pharmacokinetic variability for moclobemide.
Evaluation of CK and CK-MB in alcohol abuse subjects with recent heavy consumption.
Casual blood pressure in a general Danish population. Relation to age, sex, weight, height, diabetes, serum lipids and consumption of coffee, tobacco and alcohol.
Significance of dermal and respiratory uptake in creosote workers: exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Accuracy and reproducibility of the measurement of actively circulating blood volume with an integrated fiberoptic monitoring system.
Relationship of alcohol intake with blood pressure in young adults.
Short-term changes in histomorphometric and biochemical turnover markers and bone mineral density in estrogen-and/or dietary calcium-deficient rats.
Studies of biomarkers in aluminum workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Associations between blood pressure and dietary intake and urinary excretion of electrolytes in a Chinese population.
Long-chain polyene status of preterm infants with regard to the fatty acid composition of their diet: comparison between absolute and relative fatty acid levels in plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids.
Relationship of serum cholesterol, dietary and plasma beta-carotene with lung cancer in male smokers.
DNA adducts and personal air monitoring of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in an environmentally exposed population.
Interindividual differences in the concentration of 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide in urine and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells after charbroiled beef consumption.
Independent associations among maternal alcohol consumption and infant thyroxine levels and pregnancy outcome.
Variability in choriocapillaris blood flow distribution.
Comparison of the effects of a range of dietary lipids upon serum and tissue lipid composition in the rat.
von Willebrand factor, a possible indicator of endothelial cell damage, decreases during long-term compliance with a lipid-lowering diet.
Associations of serum and dietary magnesium with cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, insulin, and carotid arterial wall thickness: the ARIC study. Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Changes in plasma lipoprotein concentrations and composition in response to a low-fat, high-fiber diet are associated with changes in serum estrogen concentrations in premenopausal women.
Tumor markers in serum, polyamines and modified nucleosides in urine, and cytogenetic aberrations in lymphocytes of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in coal liquefaction workers: the value of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in the development of occupational hygiene control strategies.
Association of moderate alcohol consumption and plasma concentration of endogenous tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Validation of weighed records and other methods of dietary assessment using the 24 h urine nitrogen technique and other biological markers.
The proportion of trans monounsaturated fatty acids in serum triacylglycerols or platelet phospholipids as an objective indicator of their short-term intake in healthy men.
Reliability of the simple 20 minute whole blood clotting test (WBCT20) as an indicator of low plasma fibrinogen concentration in patients envenomed by Bothrops snakes. Butantan Institute Antivenom Study Group.
The relation of alcohol consumption to serum carotenoid and retinol levels. Effects of withdrawal.
Vitamin status of a healthy French population: dietary intakes and biochemical markers.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane (p,p'-DDT) and 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)-ethylene (p,p'-DDE) in human plasma related to fish consumption.
Validation of the food frequency questionnaire with the 4-day record method and analysis of 24-h urinary nitrogen.
Differences exist in the relationships between dietary linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids and their respective long-chain metabolites.
Differences in the association between alcohol consumption and blood pressure by age, gender, and smoking.
PCB metabolism, persistence, and health effects after occupational exposure: implications for risk assessment.
Levels of PCBs and some organochlorine pesticides in the human population of selected areas of the Slovak Republic. I. Blood.
Dioxin and PCB levels in blood and human milk in relation to living areas in The Netherlands.
Year-to-year variability of cholesterol levels in a pediatric practice.
Coupled-column high-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of four metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-, 4- and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene and 1-hydroxypyrene, in urine.
Relative effects on serum lipids and apolipoproteins of a caprenin-rich diet compared with diets rich in palm oil/palm-kernel oil or butter.
Fetal, neonatal, and long-term alterations in hepatic retinoid levels following maternal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure in rats.
Biomarkers for assessing environmental exposure to carcinogens in the diet.
Long-term fat intake and biomarkers.
Relations between antioxidant vitamins in adipose tissue, plasma, and diet.
Rapid metabolic phenotypes for acetyltransferase and cytochrome P4501A2 and putative exposure to food-borne heterocyclic amines increase the risk for colorectal cancer or polyps.
Effects of an American Heart Association step I diet and weight loss on lipoprotein lipid levels in obese men with silent myocardial ischemia and reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Variability of serum thyroglobulin levels is determined by a major gene.
DNA adducts and carcinogenicity of nitro-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The contribution of electrophilic and radicalic intermediates to phospholipid adducts formed by halomethanes in vivo.
Milk-alkali syndrome associated with calcium carbonate consumption. Report of 7 patients with parathyroid hormone levels and an estimate of prevalence among patients hospitalized with hypercalcemia.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cell DNA and 1-hydroxypyrene in the urine from aluminum workers: relation with job category and synergistic effect of smoking.
Application of negative-ion chemical ionization isotope dilution gas chromatography--mass spectrometry to single-dose bioavailability studies of mefloquine.
Determinants of benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide adducts to albumin in workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Elevated cytosolic free calcium concentrations in platelets of hypertensive drinkers: a weak association with alcohol consumption.
Variability gene effects of DNA polymorphisms at the apo B, apo A I/C III and apo E loci on serum lipids: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Isotopes as host blood markers to measure blood intake by feeding ticks (Acari: Ixodidae).
Evaluation of a mathematical model for predicting the relationship between protein and energy intakes of low-birth-weight infants and the rate and composition of weight gain.
Exposure of iron foundry workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adducts and 1-hydroxypyrene as biomarkers for exposure.
The reliability of self-report of behaviours associated with recurrent urinary tract infection.
Class-specific immunoadsorption purification for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts.
Formation of aromatic DNA adducts in white blood cells in relation to urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene during consumption of grilled meat.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in smokers and their relationship to micronutrient levels and the glutathione-S-transferase M1 genotype.
In vitro formation and degradation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) protein adducts.
Removal of DNA adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in the male Fischer-344 rat.
Serum insulin-like growth factor I in a random population sample of men and women: relation to age, sex, smoking habits, coffee consumption and physical activity, blood pressure and concentrations of plasma lipids, fibrinogen, parathyroid hormone and osteocalcin.
Biological significance of trace levels of mutagenic heterocyclic aromatic amines in human diet: a critical review.
Coffee consumption: relationship to blood lipids in middle-aged women.
The relation of smoking, age, relative weight, and dietary intake to serum adrenal steroids, sex hormones, and sex hormone-binding globulin in middle-aged men.
Mammary and renal excretion of purine metabolites in relation to energy intake and milk yield in dairy cows.
Potentiation of oxidative damage to rat red blood cells by the concurrent presence of t-butyl hydroperoxide and bromotrichloromethane.
Trace analysis of 3-hydroxy benzo[a]pyrene in urine for the biomonitoring of human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Abnormally high polychlorinated biphenyl levels in striped dolphins (Stenella coeruleoalba) affected by the 1990-1992 Mediterranean epizootic.
Intraindividual variability of fibrinogen levels and cardiovascular risk profile.
Biphasic modulation of protein kinase C (PKC) activity by polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDDs) in serum-deprived rat aortic smooth muscle cells.
Changes in plasma phospholipid fatty acids and their relationship to disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with a vegetarian diet.
Comparison of DNA adduct levels in human placenta from polychlorinated biphenyl exposed women and smokers in which CYP 1A1 levels are similarly elevated.
Effects of increasing dietary palmitoleic acid compared with palmitic and oleic acids on plasma lipids of hypercholesterolemic men.
Reproducibility of instruments designed to measure subjective evaluation of female stress urinary incontinence.
Sources of variability of human plasma apolipoprotein A-IV levels and relationships with lipid metabolism.
Concentrations of folates in ruminal content of steers: responses to a dietary supplement of folic acid in relation with the nature of the diet.
Energy intake and physical activity in relation to indexes of body fat: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
Reliability of single urine and serum samples for estimation of 24-hour urinary uric acid excretion in six healthy beagles.
A pilot study on the use of plasma carotenoids and ascorbic acid as markers of compliance to a high fruit and vegetable dietary intervention.
Relationship between dietary intake and plasma concentrations of carotenoids in premenopausal women: application of the USDA-NCI carotenoid food-composition database.
Effect of alcohol consumption on blood antioxidant nutrients and oxidative stress indicators.
A simplified grading method of transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder: reproducibility, clinical significance and comparison with other prognostic parameters.
Forehead and forearm skin blood flows in newborn infants measured by laser Doppler flowmetry: short-term variability and relationship to sleep states.
Biological monitoring of cadmium exposure: reliability of spot urine samples.
Correlation between work process-related exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary levels of alpha-naphthol, beta-naphthylamine and 1-hydroxypyrene in iron foundry workers.
Indications for operative termination of labor on cardiotocography and fetal blood analysis: the reliability of these methods.
Effects of meal intake on the flow velocity in the superior mesenteric artery: evaluation with 2D phase mapping MRI.
Quantitation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, 1-hydroxypyrene, and mutagenicity in urine of coal tar-treated psoriasis patients and untreated volunteers.
Metabolic activation pathway for the formation of DNA adducts of the carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in rat extrahepatic tissues.
Relationship between unbound plasma concentrations and various psychomotor and subjective effects after intakes of diazepam and flunitrazepam.
Diet, indicators of kidney disease, and later mortality among older persons in the NHANES I Epidemiologic Follow-Up Study.
Diet, serum markers and breast cancer mortality in China.
The repeatability of the noninvasive blue field entoptic phenomenon method for measuring macular capillary blood flow.
Transfer of the food mutagen PhIP to foetuses and newborn mice following maternal exposure.
Effect of dietary vitamin E and selenium deficiency on chicken splenocyte proliferation and cell surface marker expression.
The accuracy and reproducibility of measuring blood flow in murine tumours by the D2O uptake and clearance techniques.
Longitudinal study of excretion of metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine from two psoriatic patients.
Comparison of dietary casein and soybean protein effects on plasma lipid and gastrin levels, hepatic delta 6-desaturase activity and coronary arteriosclerosis in male Sprague-Dawley rats. A 9-month study.
Variability of serum human growth hormone levels in different commercial assays: specificity of growth hormone-releasing hormone stimulation.
Complex heart rate variability and serum norepinephrine levels in patients with advanced heart failure.
Effects on blood pressure, glucose, and lipid levels of a high-monounsaturated fat diet compared with a high-carbohydrate diet in NIDDM subjects.
Reliability of measurements of total, protein-bound, and unbound estradiol in serum.
Laboratory reproducibility of endogenous hormone levels in postmenopausal women.
Identification of 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide as a major pyrene metabolite in human urine by synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Variability of laboratory coat resistance to blood strikethrough.
Variability of opiates concentrations in human hair according to their anatomical origin: head, axillary and pubic regions.
Relationship between striatal glucose consumption and copper excretion in patients with Wilson's disease treated with D-penicillamine.
Qualitative and quantitative histopathology in transitional cell carcinomas of the urinary bladder. An international investigation of intra- and interobserver reproducibility.
Adduction of the heterocyclic amine food mutagens IQ and PhIP to mitochondrial and nuclear DNA in the liver of Fischer-344 rats.
Variability of cardiovascular and plasma noradrenaline responses to sustained isometric contraction in normal human subjects.
Platelet selenium as indicator of wheat selenium intake.
Regulation of plasma oestrogen by dietary fats in the laying hen: relationships with egg weight.
Ethnicity and the relationship of sodium intake to blood pressure.
Determinants of urinary thioethers, D-glucaric acid and mutagenicity after exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons assessed by air monitoring and measurement of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine: a cross-sectional study in workers of coke and graphite-electrode-producing plants.
Effects of intravenous temazepam. II. A study of the long-term reproducibility of pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and concentration-effect parameters.
Higher levels of microproteinuria in Asian compared with European patients with diabetes mellitus and their relationship to dietary protein intake and diabetic complications.
The relationships of abdominal obesity, hyperinsulinemia and saturated fat intake to serum lipid levels: the Normative Aging Study.
Polychlorinated biphenyl levels in the tissues of exposed and nonexposed humans.
PCDD and PCDF exposure and levels in humans in Germany.
Relation of habitual diet and cardiorespiratory fitness to blood coagulation and fibrinolytic factors.
The reliability of Hickman catheter blood for the assessment of activation markers of coagulation and fibrinolysis in patients with hematological malignancies.
Effects of clofibrate, phthalates and probucol on ubiquinone levels.
Mutation and repair induced by the carcinogen 2-(hydroxyamino)-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (N-OH-PhIP) in the dihydrofolate reductase gene of Chinese hamster ovary cells and conformational modeling of the dG-C8-PhIP adduct in DNA.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in petrochemical industries by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
The reliability of a solid-phase extraction system for the analysis of benzoylecgonine in urine.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyl levels in the serum of residents and in the homogenates of seafood from the New Bedford, Massachusetts, area: a comparison of exposure sources through pattern recognition techniques.
Structural characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol epoxide DNA adducts using matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization Fourier transform mass spectrometry.
Estimation of blood-glucose variability in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Toenail trace element levels as biomarkers: reproducibility over a 6-year period.
Alcohol consumption and insulin concentrations. Role of insulin in associations of alcohol intake with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides.
Variability of serum concentrations of trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole during high dose therapy.
Reliability of sampling urine from disposable diapers in elderly incontinent women.
Variability in the urinary excretion of growth hormone in children: a comparison with other urinary proteins.
Reliability of echocardiographic measurements of myocardial perfusion using commercially produced sonicated serum albumin (Albunex).
Modeling plasma lipoprotein-bile lipid relationships: differential impact of psyllium and cholestyramine in hamsters fed a lithogenic diet.
A chronic high-salt diet fails to enhance blood pressure reactivity to a tone associated with footshock in SHR, BHR, and WKY rats.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans and the human immune system. 1. Blood cell receptors in volunteers with moderately increased body burdens.
Evaluation of protein intake by dietary diaries and urea-N excretion in children with chronic renal failure. European Study Group for Nutritional Treatment of Chronic Renal Failure in Childhood.
Increase in serum selenium levels in Finnish children and young adults during 1980-1986: a correlation between the serum levels and the estimated intake.
Bubble hair. Case caused by an overheating hair dryer and reproducibility in normal hair with heat.
Musculoskeletal changes in children prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and related compounds (Yu-Cheng children).
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in highly exposed coke plant workers by measurement of urinary phenanthrene and pyrene metabolites (phenols and dihydrodiols).
Individual variability in Tyr-Gly-Gly formation from enkephalin hydrolysis in mouse plasma.
Serum malondialdehyde and mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase activity as markers of chronic alcohol intake and alcoholic liver disease.
Validation of a short dietary questionnaire and a qualitative fat index for the assessment of fat intake.
Plasma growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor, insulin, and thyroid hormone association with body protein and fat accretion in steers undergoing compensatory gain after dietary energy restriction.
Size of the zinc pools that exchange rapidly with plasma zinc in humans: alternative techniques for measuring and relation to dietary zinc intake.
Calculated versus measured oxygen consumption during aortic surgery: reliability of the Fick method.
Metabolites of the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in urine samples of workers in polyvinylchloride processing industries.
Low-level biological dosimetry of heterocyclic amine carcinogens isolated from cooked food.
Association of PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells with dietary exposure to polyaromatic hydrocarbons.
DNA adducts as a measure of lung cancer risk in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
DNA adducts as biomarkers for assessing exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in tissues from Xuan Wei women with high exposure to coal combustion emissions and high lung cancer mortality.
The relationship between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in air and in urine of workers in a Sderberg potroom.
Adducts to macromolecules in the biological monitoring of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Observer agreement and variability in measuring gastric mucosal blood flow by laser Doppler flowmetry in humans.
Variability of the calcium ion activity with pH in stone-forming and non-stone-forming urine.
Exposure of newborn infants to di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate and 2-ethylhexanoic acid following exchange transfusion with polyvinylchloride catheters.
Repeatability of transcranial Doppler measurements of arterial blood flow velocities in healthy subjects.
Low platelet glutathione peroxidase activity and serum selenium concentration in patients with chronic renal failure: relations to dialysis treatments, diet and cardiovascular complications.
Relationship of dietary saturated fatty acids and body habitus to serum insulin concentrations: the Normative Aging Study.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human lung and cancer susceptibility genes.
Laser Doppler flowmetry for estimation of bone blood flow: studies of reproducibility and correlation with microsphere technique.
Relation of caffeine intake to blood lipids in elderly women.
The accuracy of parental reports of their children's intake of fruits and vegetables: validation of a food frequency questionnaire with serum levels of carotenoids and vitamins C, A, and E.
Contribution of occupation and diet to white blood cell polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in wildland firefighters.
The reliability of midstream urine culture from circumcised male infants.
Effect of the reduction of skin contamination on the internal dose of creosote workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relationship of protein intake to urinary oxalate and glycolate excretion.
Citric acid concentration compared to serum parathyroid hormone, 1,25(OH)2D3 and calcitonin during dietary Ca deficiency and rehabilitation enhanced with xylitol in rats.
Relationship between hunger and plasma cholecystokinin during weight reduction with a very low calorie diet.
Correlation between PAH airborne concentration and PAH-DNA adducts levels in coke-oven workers.
The rat urinary bladder as a new target of heterocyclic amine carcinogenicity: tumor induction by 3-amino-1-methyl-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole acetate.
Serum IgA antiendomysium antibody titers as a marker of intestinal involvement and diet compliance in adult celiac sprue.
Serum insulin distributions and reproducibility of the relationship between 2-hour insulin and plasma glucose levels in Asian Indian, Creole, and Chinese Mauritians. Mauritius NCD Study Group.
Correlations of colon cancer mortality with dietary factors, serum markers, and schistosomiasis in China.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in white blood cells and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in foundry workers.
Tissue distribution, excretion, and urinary metabolites of dichloroacetic acid in the male Fischer 344 rat.
Comparison of micronutrient intake measured by a dietary questionnaire and biochemical indicators of micronutrient status.
Reproducibility of the cortisol response to stimulation with a low dose of ACTH(1-24): the effect of basal cortisol levels and comparison of low-dose with high-dose secretory dynamics.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography.
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and human disease.
Associations of serum lipids with metabolic control and diet in young subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Finland.
Breast milk chromium and its association with chromium intake, chromium excretion, and serum chromium.
Apolipoprotein E polymorphism is associated with plasma cholesterol response in a 7-day hospitalization study for metabolic and dietary control in NIDDM.
Plasma lipid physical properties in swine fed margarine or butter in relation to dietary magnesium intake.
Factors associated with respiration induced variability in cerebral blood flow velocity.
Omega-3 fatty acids: essential fatty acids with important biological effects, and serum phospholipid fatty acids as markers of dietary omega 3-fatty acid intake.
Adipose tissue fatty acids as biomarkers of dietary exposure in Danish men and women.
Toenail selenium as an indicator of selenium intake among middle-aged men in an area with low soil selenium.
Evaluation of gender differences in urine specific gravity and serum electrolytes in response to varied fluid intake and ibuprofen use.
Serum carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in patients with chronic liver diseases.
The influence of age on blood alcohol levels and ethanol-associated immunosuppression in a murine model of ethanol consumption.
Polymorphism of glutathione conjugation of methyl bromide, ethylene oxide and dichloromethane in human blood: influence on the induction of sister chromatid exchanges (SCE) in lymphocytes.
HPRT and glycophorin A mutations in foundry workers: relationship to PAH exposure and to PAH-DNA adducts.
Biological variability in concentrations of serum lipids: sources of variation among results from published studies and composite predicted values.
Elimination of polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) from human blood in the Yusho and Yu-Cheng rice oil poisonings.
Stability of red cell antigens and plasma coagulation factors stored in a non-diethylhexyl phthalate-plasticized container.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in placenta, maternal blood, umbilical cord blood and milk of Indian women.
Perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins through dietary intake.
Evaluation of biomarkers in plasma, blood, and urine samples from coke oven workers: significance of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relations between copper, zinc and selenium intakes and malondialdehyde excretion after major burns.
An attempt to explain interindividual variability in 24-h urinary excretion of inorganic arsenic metabolites by C57 BL/6J mice.
Intraindividual and interindividual differences in metabolites of the tobacco-specific lung carcinogen 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK) in smokers' urine.
Variability of continuously measured arterial pH and blood gas values in the near term fetal lamb.
Variability of repeated serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) measurements within less than 90 days in a well-defined patient population.
Serum lipids and apolipoproteins from 1 to 15 years: changes with age and puberty, and relationships with diet, parental cholesterol and family history of ischaemic heart disease.
Validation in rats of two biomarkers of exposure to the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP): PhIP-DNA adducts and urinary PhIP.
DNA adduct formation, cell proliferation and aberrant crypt focus formation induced by PhIP in male and female rat colon with relevance to carcinogenesis.
High dietary chloride content associated with loss of therapeutic serum bromide concentrations in an epileptic dog.
Variability in the immunoreactive and bioactive follicle stimulating hormone content of human urinary menopausal gonadotrophin preparations.
Reliability of blood alcohol determinations at clinical chemistry laboratories in Sweden.
DNA adducts in urothelial cells: relationship with biomarkers of exposure to arylamines and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from tobacco smoke.
Endomysial antibodies as unreliable markers for slight dietary transgressions in adolescents with celiac disease.
Variability of day 3 follicle-stimulating hormone levels in eumenorrheic women.
Colonic fermentation of complex dietary carbohydrates in short-bowel patients. No association with hydrogen excretion and fecal and plasma short-chain fatty acids.
Seasonal changes and annual variability in daily plasma melatonin in the red-sided garter snake (Thamnophis sirtalis parietalis).
Icterus in bob veal calves and its association with lack of colostrum intake and high serum creatine kinase activity.
Serum fatty acid composition in normal Japanese and its relationship with dietary fish and vegetable oil contents and blood lipid levels.
Variability in serum pepsinogen levels in an asymptomatic population.
Elimination of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in occupationally exposed persons.
Protection by chlorophyllin and indole-3-carbinol against 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-induced DNA adducts and colonic aberrant crypts in the F344 rat.
Human exposure and dosimetry of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine from Xuan Wei, China with high lung cancer mortality associated with exposure to unvented coal smoke.
Associations between dietary factors and serum lipids by apolipoprotein E polymorphism.
A sensitive color ELISA for detecting polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human tissues.
Color duplex measurement of cerebral blood flow volume: intra- and interobserver reproducibility and habituation to serial measurements in normal subjects.
Uptake of the food-derived heterocyclic amine carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine and its N-hydroxy metabolite into rat pancreatic acini and hepatocytes in vitro.
In vivo genotoxicity of dichloroacetic acid: evaluation with the mouse peripheral blood micronucleus assay and the single cell gel assay.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyl/dioxin exposure and feeding type on infants' mental and psychomotor development.
Studies of the binding of diolepoxide metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to DNA using electrofluorescence polarization spectroscopy.
Physiologic (intraindividual) variation of serum prostate-specific antigen in 814 men from a screening population.
The impact of interindividual variation in NAT2 activity on benzidine urinary metabolites and urothelial DNA adducts in exposed workers.
ELISA for thyroglobulin in serum: recovery studies to evaluate autoantibody interference and reliability of thyroglobulin values.
Dietary cholesterol induces transient changes in plasma nitrate levels in rabbits that are correlated to microcirculatory changes.
Mechanism of testicular atrophy induced by di-n-butyl phthalate in rats. Part 5. Testicular iron depletion and levels of ferritin, haemoglobin and transferrin in the bone marrow, liver and spleen.
Relation of energy, fat, and fiber intakes to plasma concentrations of estrogens and androgens in premenopausal women.
Comparison of ethanol plasma-protein precipitation with plasma ultrafiltration and trichloroacetic acid protein precipitation for the measurement of unbound platinum concentrations.
The reproducibility of urinary growth hormone measurement in children undergoing adenotonsillectomy: a pilot study.
Mercury in human hair and relation to fish consumption in Bangladesh.
Urinary promutagens of smokers: comparison of concentration methods and relation to cigarette consumption.
Biomonitoring of diesel exhaust-exposed workers. DNA and hemoglobin adducts and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as markers of exposure.
Total and inorganic mercury in breast milk in relation to fish consumption and amalgam in lactating women.
Repeatability and validity of the Rose questionnaire for angina pectoris in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Comparative synchronous fluorescence spectrophotometry and 32P-postlabeling analysis of PAH-DNA adducts in human lung and the relationship to TP53 mutations.
Airborne exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene of carbon anode plant workers.
Measurement of ascorbic acid in human plasma and serum: stability, intralaboratory repeatability, and interlaboratory reproducibility.
Relation of dietary intake and serum levels of vitamin D to progression of osteoarthritis of the knee among participants in the Framingham Study.
In vivo formation of mutagens by intraperitoneal administration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in animals during exposure to nitrogen dioxide.
Variability of clinical and pressure-flow study variables after 6 months of watchful waiting in patients with lower urinary tract symptoms and benign prostatic enlargement.
Uncertainty in estimated half-lives of PCBS in humans: impact on exposure assessment.
Relation of smoking and alcohol consumption to serum fatty acids.
Intra-individual variation of glucose, specific insulin and proinsulin concentrations measured by two oral glucose tolerance tests in a general Caucasian population: the Hoorn Study.
Dietary intake of micronutrient antioxidants in relation to blood levels in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire used to assess nutrient intakes in pregnant women.
Variability in the plasma protein binding of velnacrine (1-hydroxy tacrine hydrochloride). A potential agent for Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of ofloxacin administration on the reliability of urine glucose testing.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among Dutch children.
Relation of a seafood diet to mercury, selenium, arsenic, and polychlorinated biphenyl and other organochlorine concentrations in human milk.
Relationship between serum ferritin, alcohol intake, and social status in 2235 Danish men and women.
Relationship between dietary iron intake, corrected for diet reporting error, and serum ferritin in Danish women aged 35-65 years.
The ICS-'BPH' Study: the psychometric validity and reliability of the ICSmale questionnaire.
Very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids as biomarkers for intake of fish and n-3 fatty acid concentrates.
Human exposure to carcinogenic heterocyclic amines and their mutational fingerprints in experimental animals.
Exposure to PAH compounds among cokery workers in the oil shale industry.
Observer variability in volumetric blood flow measurements in leg arteries using duplex ultrasound.
Day-to-day intraindividual reliability and interindividual differences in monoamines excretion.
Interindividual and intraindividual variability in plasma fibrinogen, TPA antigen, PAI activity, and CRP in healthy, young volunteers and patients with angina pectoris.
Determination of selenium in the serum of healthy Swiss adults and correlation to dietary intake.
The day-to-day variation (test-retest reliability) of residual urine measurement.
Reproducibility of the blood lactate-running speed curve in horses under field conditions.
Quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins in human serum by combined micelle-mediated extraction (cloud-point extraction) and HPLC.
Reproducibility of low resting testosterone concentrations in endurance trained men.
Dietary calcium salts as protective agents and laminin P1 as a biochemical marker in chemically induced colon carcinogenesis in rats.
Genetic factors that contribute to interindividual variations in plasma low density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in the blood as markers for ethanol intake.
Haloperidol dose and blood level variability: toxicity and interindividual and intraindividual variability in the nonresponder patient in the clinical practice setting.
Variability in serum creatine kinase response after eccentric exercise of the elbow flexors.
Reliability of carnitine concentrations measured in single postprandial urine samples from dogs.
Reproducibility of erythrocyte polyamine measurements and correlation with plasma micronutrients in an antioxidant vitamin intervention study.
High repeatability of the amplitude and duration of the nycthemeral rhythm of the plasma melatonin concentration in the Ile-de-France ewe.
Comparison of two substrates in determination of plasma cholinesterase activity & genetic variability.
Inverse relation of dietary protein markers with blood pressure. Findings for 10,020 men and women in the INTERSALT Study. INTERSALT Cooperative Research Group. INTERnational study of SALT and blood pressure.
Plasma antioxidant consumption associated with ischemia/reperfusion during carotid endarterectomy.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethylene (DDE) exposure among Native American men from contaminated Great Lakes fish and wildlife.
Dose-response in perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs): the Michigan and North Carolina cohort studies.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol intake: a study with healthy subjects.
Medicolegal alcohol determination: variability of the blood- to breath-alcohol ratio and its effect on reported breath-alcohol concentrations.
Effect of two levels of transgalactosylated oligosaccharide intake in rats associated with human faecal microflora on bacterial glycolytic activity, end-products of fermentation and bacterial steroid transformation.
Correlation between biomarkers of omega-3 fatty acid consumption and questionnaire data in African American and Caucasian United States males with and without prostatic carcinoma.
Vitamin B-6 status indicators decrease in women consuming a diet high in pyridoxine glucoside.
Comparison of exercise and normal variability on HDL cholesterol concentrations and lipolytic activity.
Reproducibility of measurements of regional resting and hyperemic myocardial blood flow assessed with PET.
Capillary electrophoresis of serum proteins. Reproducibility, comparison with agarose gel electrophoresis and a review of the literature.
Biological markers of alcohol consumption and effect of calcitonin in nonalcoholic men: a prospective, double-blind study.
Relationship between alcohol intake and immunoglobulin a immunoreactivity with acetaldehyde-modified bovine serum albumin.
Dietary sunflower oil reduces plasma and liver triacylglycerols in fasting rats and is associated with decreased liver microsomal phosphatidate phosphohydrolase activity.
Urinary metabolite profile of PAH as a potential mirror of the genetic disposition for cancer.
Poppy seeds: differences in morphine and codeine content and variation in inter- and intra-individual excretion.
Interindividual variation in circulating zinc concentrations among healthy adult men and women.
The reliability of the serum dioxin measurement in veterans of Operation Ranch Hand.
Reproducibility of relative dose response (RDR) test and serum retinol and retinyl ester concentrations in children after a 2-week interval.
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for assays of serum hormone levels: estrone, estradiol, estrone sulfate, and progesterone.
Interindividual differences in hair uptake of air nicotine and significance of cigarette counting for estimation of environmental tobacco smoke exposure.
Dietary fat in relation to body fat and intraabdominal adipose tissue: a cross-sectional analysis.
Neurological condition in 18-month-old children perinatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins.
Assessment of changes in liver blood flow after food intake--comparison of ICG clearance and echo-Doppler.
Relationship of plasma renin activity with caffeine intake and physical training in mild hypertensive men. HARVEST Study Group.
Intake, fecal excretion, and body burden of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in breast-fed and formula-fed infants.
Site to site variability of postmortem drug concentrations in liver and lung.
Seasonal variability in blood platelet 3H-imipramine binding in healthy controls: age and gender effects.
Evaluating a national assessment strategy for urinary incontinence in nursing home residents: reliability of the minimum data set and validity of the resident assessment protocol.
Development of a method for the analysis of PCB congeners and organochlorine pesticides in blood/serum.
Relationship to blood pressure of combinations of dietary macronutrients. Findings of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT).
New carotenoid values for foods improve relationship of food frequency questionnaire intake estimates to plasma values.
Reliability of serum hormones in premenopausal and postmenopausal women over a one-year period.
Relation between plasma leptin concentration and body fat, gender, diet, age, and metabolic covariates.
Chromatographic fractionation and analysis by mass spectrometry of conjugated metabolites of bis(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in urine.
Fat, cholesterol, fiber and sodium intakes of US population: evaluation of diets reported in 1987-88 Nationwide Food Consumption Survey.
Chlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) in blood and human milk of non occupationally exposed persons living in the vicinity of a municipal waste incinerator.
An improved analysis for chlorinated pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human and bovine sera using solid-phase extraction.
1-Hydroxypyrene levels in coal-handling workers at a coke oven.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in engine rooms by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Relationship of plasma leptin to plasma insulin and adiposity in normal weight and overweight women: effects of dietary fat content and sustained weight loss.
Relation of caffeine intake and blood caffeine concentrations during pregnancy to fetal growth: prospective population based study.
Genetic and environmental components of interindividual variation in circulating levels of IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-1, and IGFBP-3.
Variability of post-void residual urine volume in the elderly.
Urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, 1-, 2-, 3-, and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene in females living in an industrial area of Germany.
Comparison of the response of serum ceruloplasmin and cholesterol, and of tissue ascorbic acid, metallothionein, and nonprotein sulfhydryl in rats to the dietary level of cystine and cysteine.
Relation of dietary carbohydrates to blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Relation of dietary fiber to blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Melatonin concentrations in serum and tissues of porcine gastrointestinal tract and their relationship to the intake and passage of food.
Short-term and long-term variability of plasma homocysteine measurement.
Association between common alleles of the low-density lipoprotein receptor gene region and interindividual variation in plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels in a population-based sample from Rochester, Minnesota.
Antiestrogenic activity of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl congeners identified in human serum.
Association between blood pressure and dietary factors in the dietary and nutritional survey of British adults.
Alcohol intake in a rural village: physical signs and biological markers predicting excessive consumption in apparently healthy people.
Elaidic and trans-vaccenic acids in plasma phospholipids as indicators of dietary intake of 18:1 trans-fatty acids.
A comparison of the food composition table-based estimates of dietary element intake with the values obtained by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry: an experience in a Japanese population.
Between-pregnancy biological variability of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein and free beta hCG: implications for Down syndrome screening in subsequent pregnancies.
Evaluation of energy intake estimated by a diet history in three free-living 70 year old populations in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Immunological investigations in a group of workers exposed to various levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Higher high density lipoprotein cholesterol associated with moderate alcohol consumption is not related to altered plasma lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase and lipid transfer protein activity levels.
Reliability of delayed INR determination: implications for decentralized anticoagulant care with off-site blood sampling.
Effect of diet on milk allantoin and its relationship with urinary allantoin in dairy cows.
Variability of splanchnic blood flow measurements using MR velocity mapping under fasting and post-prandial conditions--comparison with echo-Doppler.
Unpredictable intra-individual variations in serum homocysteine levels on folic acid supplementation.
In vivo indicators of pathologic ruminal sulfide production in steers with diet-induced polioencephalomalacia.
Sources of variability in nicotine and cotinine levels with use of nicotine nasal spray, transdermal nicotine, and cigarette smoking.
Comparison between reproducibility and sensitivity of muscle sympathetic nerve traffic and plasma noradrenaline in man.
Sources of variability in the determination of micronuclei in irradiated peripheral blood lymphocytes.
A long-term study on the effect of spontaneous consumption of reduced fat products as part of a normal diet on indicators of health.
Using biochemical markers to assess the validity of prospective dietary assessment methods and the effect of energy adjustment.
Monitoring of polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood plasma: methodological developments and influence of age, lactation, and fish consumption.
Fat and fiber intakes in relation to serum estrogen concentration in premenopausal Japanese women.
Characterization of 1-hydroxypyrene as a novel marker substrate of 3-methylcholanthrene-inducible phenol UDP-glucuronosyltransferase(s).
The Northwest Lipid Research Clinic Fat Intake Scale: validation and utility.
Reliability of finger stick capillary blood for the lymphocyte micronucleus assay.
A patient's questionnaire evaluation of krypton laser treatment of facial telangiectases. A comparison with the copper vapor laser.
Effect of variability of plasma interferences on the accuracy of drug immunoassays.
Variability of plasma HDL subclass concentrations in men and women over time.
Relationships between dietary intakes and fasting plasma concentrations of fat-soluble vitamins in humans.
Color Doppler imaging of ophthalmic artery blood flow velocity: a study of repeatability and agreement.
Variability in cerebral blood flow velocity: observations over one minute in preterm babies.
Pilot phase studies on the accuracy of dietary intake measurements in the EPIC project: overall evaluation of results. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
The Dutch EPIC food frequency questionnaire. II. Relative validity and reproducibility for nutrients.
The relative validity of vitamin intakes derived from a food frequency questionnaire compared to 24-hour recalls and biological measurements: results from the EPIC pilot study in Germany. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a food frequency dietary questionnaire for use in the Italian EPIC centres.
The Malm Food Study: validity of two dietary assessment methods for measuring nutrient intake.
The reliability of urinary albumin assay by immunonephelometry in the clinical practice. The critical role of medical surveillance on laboratory routine.
PCBs and dioxin-like compounds in plasma of adult Inuit living in Nunavik (Arctic Quebec).
Serum levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in pulp and paper mill workers.
Relationships between micronutrient intake and biochemical indicators of nutrient adequacy in a "free-living' elderly UK population.
Variability of glutathione levels in normal breast tissue and subcutaneous fat during the menstrual cycle: an in vivo study with microdialysis technique.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation exposes infants to the plasticizer, di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Reliability of anion gap as an indicator of blood lactate in critically ill patients.
A comparison of resting metabolic rate, self-rated food intake, growth hormone, and insulin levels in obese and nonobese preadolescents.
An investigation into variability in microvascular skin blood flow and the responses to transdermal delivery of acetylcholine at different sites in the forearm and hand.
Variability of the adaptive response to low dose radiation in peripheral blood lymphocytes of twins and unrelated donors.
Dietary fibers modulate indices of intestinal immune function in rats.
Quantifying estrogen metabolism: an evaluation of the reproducibility and validity of enzyme immunoassays for 2-hydroxyestrone and 16alpha-hydroxyestrone in urine.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in beluga whales from the Arctic.
Relationship of alcohol use, physical activity and dietary habits with serum carotenoids, retinol and alpha-tocopherol among male Japanese smokers.
Reproducibility of urinary beta 2-microglobulin and cadmium excretion among residents in a cadmium-polluted area during a 3-year period.
Green tea intake in relation to serum lipid levels in Middle-aged Japanese men and women.
Intra-individual variability of fibrinogen levels.
Inter- and intraindividual variation in dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase activity in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Disposition of leucovorin and its metabolites in dietary folic acid-deplete mice - comparison between tumor, liver, and plasma.
The dose-response relationship between cigarette consumption, biochemical markers and risk of lung cancer.
Pilots' knowledge of the relationship between alcohol consumption and levels of blood alcohol concentration.
The association between dietary patterns and cardio vascular disease risk indicators in healthy youngsters: results covering fifteen years of longitudinal development.
Validation of dietary intakes of protein and energy against 24 hour urinary N and DLW energy expenditure in middle-aged women, retired men and post-obese subjects: comparisons with validation against presumed energy requirements.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a graphite-electrode producing plant: biological monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene and monohydroxylated metabolites of phenanthrene.
Instrumental variability of respiratory blood gases among different blood gas analysers in different laboratories.
Effectiveness of alpha-tocopherol and selenium supplements in preventing lupinosis-associated myopathy in sheep.
Fatty acids in serum cholesteryl esters as quantitative biomarkers of dietary intake in humans.
Ambient and biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a coking plant.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels of garbage collectors with low-level exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker of exposure to pyrene: an epidemiological survey on a general population group.
Chemoprotection against the formation of colon DNA adducts from the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in the rat.
Human exposure to mutagenic/carcinogenic heterocyclic amines and comutagenic beta-carbolines.
Concentrations of blood and hair mercury and serum PCBs in an Ojibwa population that consumes Great Lakes region fish.
Decreased blood level of beta 2-microglobulin in the employees of a factory which produced polychlorinated biphenyls.
Middle-ear disease in children exposed prenatally to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans.
Reproducibility of retinal and optic nerve head blood flow measurements with scanning laser Doppler flowmetry.
Pulsatile ocular blood flow measurements in healthy eyes: reproducibility and reference values.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons during firefighting by measurement of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Comparison of blood oxygenation and cerebral blood flow effects in fMRI: estimation of relative oxygen consumption change.
Interindividual variability of enkephalin-degrading enzymes in human plasma.
T-cell receptor beta chain variability in bone marrow and peripheral blood in severe acquired aplastic anemia.
Blood serum levels of PCBs and PCDFs in Yucheng women 14 years after exposure to a toxic rice oil.
Temporal variability in immunological parameters: peripheral blood mononuclear cell subsets, serum immunoglobulins, and soluble markers of immune system activation.
Relationship of urinary arsenic to intake estimates and a biomarker of effect, bladder cell micronuclei.
Regional cerebral blood flow measurement with iodine-123-IMP autoradiography: normal values, reproducibility and sensitivity to hypoperfusion.
Reliability and comparability of three dietary assessment methods for estimating fruit and vegetable intakes.
Serum copper in institutionalized elderly subjects: relations with dietary intake of energy, specific nutrients and haematological parameters.
Dietary practices and lipid intake in relation to plasma lipid profile in Hong Kong Chinese.
Coplanar PCBs and the relative contribution of coplanar PCBs, PCDDs, and PCDFs to the total 2,3,7,8-TCDD toxicity equivalents in human serum.
Effect of artifacts due to flowing blood on the reproducibility of phase-contrast measurements of myocardial motion.
Heterocyclic amines, cytochrome P4501A2, and N-acetyltransferase: issues involved in incorporating putative genetic susceptibility markers into epidemiological studies.
Fatty acid ethyl esters: short-term and long-term serum markers of ethanol intake.
The plasticizer benzyl butyl phthalate (BBP) inhibits 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene (DMBA)-induced rat mammary DNA adduct formation and tumorigenesis.
Intake and indicators of iron and zinc status in children consuming diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol: the STRIP baby study. Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project for Babies.
Elevated blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats consuming a high sucrose diet is associated with elevated angiotensin II and is reversed by vanadium.
Identification of subdomain IB in human serum albumin as a major binding site for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxides.
Reproductive and thyroid hormone levels in rats following 90-day dietary exposure to PCB 28 (2,4,4'-trichlorobiphenyl) or PCB 77 (3,3'4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl).
Variability of plasma cortisol levels in extremely low birth weight infants.
Blood flow velocity measurements for carotid stenosis estimation: interobserver variation and interequipment variability.
Vitamin C in human and guinea pig aqueous, lens and plasma in relation to intake.
The use of benzo[a]pyrene diolepoxide-modified DNA standards for adduct quantification in 32P-postlabelling to assess exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: application in a biomonitoring study.
Detection of serum amyloid A-derived proteins in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissues: reliability of the method and expansion of its spectrum.
Exposure of coke-oven workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons based on biological monitoring results.
Use of urinary cotinine and questionnaires in the evaluation of infant exposure to tobacco smoke in epidemiologic studies.
Chemical composition and microstructure of uroliths and urinary sediment crystals associated with the feeding of high-level cottonseed meal diet to water buffalo calves.
Change in blood pressure during altered sodium intake is not associated with calciotropic hormone level.
Evaluating measurement variability in clinical investigations: the case of ultrasonic estimation of urinary bladder volume.
Higher milk intake during pregnancy is associated with lower maternal and umbilical cord lead levels in postpartum women.
Histology of ovaries and uteri and levels of plasma progesterone, oestradiol-17beta and oestrone sulphate during the implantation period in mated and gonadotrophin-releasing hormone-treated mink (Mustela vison) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Elimination of 1-hydroxypyrene after human volunteer exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Alterations in tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interferon-gamma, and interleukin-6 production by natural killer cell-enriched peripheral blood mononuclear cells in chronic alcoholism: relationship with liver disease and ethanol intake.
Effects of clozapine on plasma catecholamines and relation to treatment response in schizophrenia: a within-subject comparison with haloperidol.
Changes in plasma lipoproteins as toxicity markers for carbon tetrachloride, chloroform, and dichloromethane.
Comparison of organochlorine pesticide and polychlorinated biphenyl residues in human breast adipose tissue and serum.
Correlations among human blood levels of specific PCB congeners and implications for epidemiologic studies.
Studies on some trace and minor elements in blood. A survey of the Kalpakkam (India) population. Part III: Studies on dietary intake and its correlation to blood levels.
Environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Czech Republic.
Fingerstick blood samples in platelet donor screening: reliability and impact on predict yield programs.
Plasma and erythrocyte zinc concentrations and their relationship to dietary zinc intake and zinc supplementation during pregnancy in low-income African-American women.
Application of mixed mobile phases and a step gradient method in capillary electrochromatography for the separation of isomeric polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-deoxyribonucleoside adduct mixtures prepared in vitro.
Determination of pharmaceuticals in plasma by capillary electrophoresis without sample pretreatment reproducibility, limit of quantitation and limit of detection.
Effects of anatomic variability on blood flow and pressure gradients in the pulmonary capillaries.
The impact of age, lactation and dietary habits on PCB in plasma in Swedish women.
Standardization of a method for the routine analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners and selected pesticides in human serum and milk.
Breath-hold R2* mapping with a multiple gradient-recalled echo sequence: application to the evaluation of intrarenal oxygenation.
Cancer mortality among electric utility workers exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Risperidone dose and blood level variability: accumulation effects and interindividual and intraindividual variability in the nonresponder patient in the clinical practice setting.
The role of a triplet repeat sequence of the very low density lipoprotein receptor gene in plasma lipid and lipoprotein level variability in humans.
Interobserver and interstudy variability of myocardial blood flow and flow-reserve measurements with nitrogen 13 ammonia-labeled positron emission tomography.
Benzo(a)pyrene-albumin adducts in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in an industrial area of Poland.
In the early stage of major burns, is there a correlation between survival, interleukin-6 levels and oxygen delivery and consumption?
Interperson variability but intraperson stability of baseline plasma cortisol concentrations, and its relation to feedback sensitivity of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis to a low dose of dexamethasone in elderly individuals.
Evaluation of 99mtechnetium-radiopharmaceutical binding to blood elements using different trichloroacetic acid concentrations.
Dietary fish oil (4 g daily) and cardiovascular risk markers in healthy men.
Comparison between tsetse fly synthetic diet and bovine blood on reproduction and survivorship in Tabanus nigrovittatus (Diptera: Tabanidae).
Comparison of urinary iodine excretion and thyroid volume in students with or without constant iodized salt intake.
Biological monitoring and biochemical effect monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The relation between dietary intake and adipose tissue composition of selected fatty acids in US women.
Variability of cerebral blood flow deficits in 99mTc-HMPAO SPECT in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
High-performance liquid chromatography of the renal blood flow marker p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) and its metabolite N-acetyl PAH improves PAH clearance measurements.
Decreased serum estradiol concentration associated with high dietary intake of soy products in premenopausal Japanese women.
Heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine following a fried meat meal.
Inter and intra-individual variations in urinary excretion of pyridinium crosslinks of collagen in healthy young adults.
Heart rate variability is related to leucocyte count in men and to blood lipoproteins in women in a healthy population of 35-year-old subjects.
Isoflavonoid levels in spot urine are associated with frequency of dietary soy intake in a population-based sample of middle-aged and older Chinese in Singapore.
Urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a marker for exposure to urban air levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Reproducibility of plasma catecholamine metabolites in normal subjects.
Measurement of total serum testosterone levels using commercially available kits: high degree of between-kit variability.
Interindividual variations in cytokine levels following cardiopulmonary bypass.
Two cases of ras mutation associated with liver hyperplasia in dragonets (Callionymus lyra) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relationship between blood serum insulin-like growth factor I concentration and postweaning feed efficiency of crossbred cattle at three levels of dietary intake.
Thyroxine, triiodothyronine and reverse-triiodothyronine concentrations in blood plasma in relation to lactational stage, milk yield, energy and dietary protein intake in Estonian dairy cows.
Association of coffee, green tea, and caffeine intakes with serum concentrations of estradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin in premenopausal Japanese women.
Analyses of exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, furans, and hexachlorocyclohexane and different health outcomes in a cohort of former herbicide-producing workers in Hamburg, Germany.
Variability of peripheral blood lymphocyte beta-2-adrenergic receptor density in humans.
Reliability of procalcitonin concentrations for the diagnosis of sepsis in critically ill neonates.
Correlation between urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and ambient air pyrene measured with an inhalable aerosol sampler and a total dust sampler in an electrode paste plant.
Local metabolism in lung airways increases the uncertainty of pyrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in blood plasma among Swedish female fish consumers in relation to low birth weight.
Phenotypic variability of lymphocyte populations in peripheral blood and lymph nodes from HIV-infected individuals and the impact of antiretroviral therapy. DATRI 003 Study Group. Division of AIDS Treatment Research Initiative.
Neurological condition in 42-month-old children in relation to pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins.
Dietary and urinary risk factors for stones in idiopathic calcium stone formers compared with healthy subjects.
Quantitative analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine insecticides, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, polychlorinated hydrocarbons and polynitrohydrocarbons in spiked samples of soil, water and plasma by selected-ion monitoring gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility of double indicator dilution measurements of intrathoracic blood volume compartments, extravascular lung water, and liver function.
Plasma arachidonic acid and serum thromboxane B2 concentrations in phenylketonuric children are correlated with dietary compliance.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a carbon-electrode manufacturing plant.
The effect of dust-protective respirator mask and the relevance of work category on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in PAH exposed electrode paste plant workers.
Reproducibility of measurements with a new slit lamp-mounted ocular blood flow tonograph.
Comparison of immunoaffinity chromatography enrichment and nuclease P1 procedures for 32P-postlabelling analysis of PAH-DNA adducts.
Associations of plasma carotenoid concentrations and dietary intake of specific carotenoids in samples of two prospective cohort studies using a new carotenoid database.
Predicting effective drug concentrations for individual patients. Determinants of pharmacodynamic variability.
The large variability in melatonin blood levels in ewes is under strong genetic influence.
Interindividual variation in total and carrier-mediated lactate influx into red blood cells.
Exposure of workers to 2,3,7,8-substituted polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (PCDD) and dibenzofuran (PCDF) compounds in sawmills previously using chlorophenol-containing antistain agents.
Reproductive toxicity and tissue concentrations of 3,3',4,4'-tetrachlorobiphenyl (PCB 77) in male adult rats.
Chemopreventive properties of indole-3-carbinol (I3C): inhibition of DNA adduct formation of the dietary carcinogen, 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), in female F344 rats.
Methylmercury and inorganic mercury in serum--correlation to fish consumption and dental amalgam in a cohort of women born in 1922.
Oxidative DNA damage levels in blood from women at high risk for breast cancer are associated with dietary intakes of meats, vegetables, and fruits.
Organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human milk of mothers living in northern Germany: current extent of contamination, time trend from 1986 to 1997 and factors that influence the levels of contamination.
Biological monitoring of young workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in engine repair workshops.
Blood levels of total and organic mercury in residents of the upper St. Lawrence River basin, Qubec: association with age, gender, and fish consumption.
Within-patient variability of hormone and cytokine concentrations in heart failure.
Clinical evaluation of scanning laser polarimetry: I. Intraoperator reproducibility and design of a blood vessel removal algorithm.
Reliability and validity of a macronutrient self-selection paradigm and a food preference questionnaire.
An evaluation of ruminally degradable intake protein and metabolizable amino acid requirements of feedlot calves.
Urinary albumin excretion and heart rate variability in obese women.
Expression of the insulin-like growth factor II gene in polychlorinated biphenyl exposed female mink (Mustela vison) and their fetuses.
Greater dietary intake of simple carbohydrate is associated with lower concentrations of high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic children.
Effects of low phosphate intake on bone and mineral metabolism in rats: evaluation by biochemical markers and pyridinium cross-link formation in bone.
Within- and between-day variability in transcutaneous Doppler ultrasound measurements of superior mesenteric artery blood flow (SMABF) in the fasted state.
Sensitivity and reproducibility of RT-PCR to detect Borna disease virus (BDV) RNA in blood: implications for BDV epidemiology.
Absence of PhIP adducts, p53 and Apc mutations, in rats fed a cooked beef diet containing a high level of heterocyclic amines.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for atopy with serum IgE tests in a population of pregnant Dutch women.
Accuracy and reproducibility of blood lead testing in commercial laboratories.
Long-term intraindividual variability of serum lipids in patients with type I and type II diabetes.
Cancer among a Michigan cohort exposed to polybrominated biphenyls in 1973.
Validity of a self-administered diet history questionnaire for assessment of sodium and potassium: comparison with single 24-hour urinary excretion.
Unacceptably high site variability in postmortem blood alcohol analysis.
Short-term variability and sampling distribution of various parameters of urinary albumin excretion in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Long-term variability of serum lipoprotein(a) concentrations in healthy fertile women.
Short-term variability in the concentration of serum interleukin-6 and its soluble receptor in subjectively healthy persons.
Organochlorine compounds (DDE and PCB) in plasma and breast cyst fluid of women with benign breast disease.
High breast milk levels of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) among four women living adjacent to a PCB-contaminated waste site.
Dietary intake and blood levels of lycopene: association with cervical dysplasia among non-Hispanic, black women.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in humans: relevance as biomarkers for exposure and cancer risk.
Comments on a meta-analysis of the relation between dietary calcium intake and blood pressure.
GC/MS analysis of PCB congeners in blood of the harbor seal Phoca vitulina from San Francisco Bay.
Evaluation of intra- and interindividual variation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary and biliary excretion kinetics of 1-hydroxypyrene following intravenous and oral administration of pyrene in rats.
Modulation of fecal markers relevant to colon cancer risk: a high-starch Chinese diet did not generate expected beneficial changes relative to a Western-type diet.
Variability in the interpretation of dimercaptosuccinic acid scintigraphy after urinary tract infection in children.
Determination of plasma alpha-glutathione-S-transferases in chronic alcohol abusers: relationship with alcohol intake and liver involvement.
Dietary assessment in the elderly: validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire.
Human cardiovascular variability, baroreflex and hormonal adaptations to a blood donation.
Addition of guar gum and soy protein increases the efficacy of the American Heart Association (AHA) step I cholesterol-lowering diet without reducing high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in non-human primates.
The association of increasing dietary concentrations of fish oil with hepatotoxic effects and a higher degree of aorta atherosclerosis in the ad lib.-fed rabbit.
Reliability of peak-lactate, heart rate, and plasma volume following the Wingate test.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human placenta and modulation by CYP1A1 induction and genotype.
Urinary total isothiocyanate (ITC) in a population-based sample of middle-aged and older Chinese in Singapore: relationship with dietary total ITC and glutathione S-transferase M1/T1/P1 genotypes.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 MspI polymorphism and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in coke-oven workers.
Relationships of lead in breast milk to lead in blood, urine, and diet of the infant and mother.
Preventive measures reduce exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a graphite electrode plant.
Reduction of thyroid hormone levels by methylsulfonyl metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in rats.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to dichloromethane by diffuse vapor sampling and urinalysis.
Plucked hair samples as a source of DNA: reliability of dinucleotide microsatellite genotyping.
Calcium levels in maternal milk: relationships with calcium intake during the third trimester of pregnancy.
A three-day weighed food record and a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire are valid measures for assessing the folate and vitamin B-12 intakes of women aged 16 to 19 years.
Effects of environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on birth size and growth in Dutch children.
Evaluation of physiologic indices in mice vaccinated with protein-ergotamine conjugates and fed an endophyte-infected fescue diet.
Variability in urinary flow rate and prostate volume: an investigation using the placebo arm of a drug trial.
Reproducibility of ultrasonic fetal volume blood flow measurements.
Relationship between blood pressure and alcohol consumption on the previous day in Japanese men.
Aromatic and polycyclic hydrocarbons in air and their urinary metabolites in coke plant workers.
Reliability of serum measurements of lignans and isoflavonoid phytoestrogens over a two-year period.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and P1 genotypes and urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers.
Relationship of serum neutral endopeptidase E.C.3.4.24.11 activity to alcohol consumption.
Plasma and CSF benzodiazepine receptor ligand concentrations in cirrhotic patients with hepatic encephalopathy: relationship to severity of encephalopathy and to pharmaceutical benzodiazepine intake.
Collagen N-telopeptide excretion in men: the effects of age and intrasubject variability.
Variability in plasma prothrombin concentration: implications for use in epidemiology.
A study for the proper application of urinary naphthols, new biomarkers for airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Concentrations of PCBs, PCDFs and PCDDs in the blood of Yusho patients and their toxic equivalent contribution.
Partitioning of dioxins, dibenzofurans, and coplanar PCBS in blood, milk, adipose tissue, placenta and cord blood from five American women.
U-shape relationship between change in dietary cholesterol absorption and plasma lipoprotein responsiveness and evidence for extreme interindividual variation in dietary cholesterol absorption in humans.
Relationships between dietary fat, body fat, and serum lipid profile in prepubertal children.
Plasma levels of selenium, selenoprotein P and glutathione peroxidase and their correlations to fish intake and serum levels of thyrotropin and thyroid hormones: a study on Latvian fish consumers.
Energy intake and expenditure: validation of a diet history by heart rate monitoring, activity diary and doubly labeled water.
Assessment of trans-fatty acid intake with a food frequency questionnaire and validation with adipose tissue levels of trans-fatty acids.
The Ala/Val98 polymorphism of the hepatocyte nuclear factor-1alpha gene contributes to the interindividual variation in serum C-peptide response during an oral glucose tolerance test: evidence from studies of 231 glucose-tolerant first degree relatives of type 2 diabetic probands.
A human physiologically based pharmacokinetic model for trichloroethylene and its metabolites, trichloroacetic acid and free trichloroethanol.
Effect of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on the elimination kinetics of pyrene and the urinary excretion profile of 1-hydroxypyrene in the rat.
Hydroxylation and methylthiolation of mono-ortho-substituted polychlorinated biphenyls in rats: identification of metabolites with tissue affinity.
Reproducibility of the low dose dexamethasone suppression test: comparison between direct plasma and salivary cortisol assays.
Immunohistochemical detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA damage in human blood vessels of smokers and non-smokers.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin: marker of actual alcohol consumption or chronic alcohol misuse?
Relationship between urinary calcium and net acid excretion as determined by dietary protein and potassium: a review.
Biotransformation of perchloroethene: dose-dependent excretion of trichloroacetic acid, dichloroacetic acid, and N-acetyl-S-(trichlorovinyl)-L-cysteine in rats and humans after inhalation.
Congener-specific distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls in brain regions, blood, liver, and fat of adult rats following repeated exposure to Aroclor 1254.
Effects of environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on cognitive abilities in Dutch children at 42 months of age.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of change in alcohol intake in men drinking 20 to 60 g of alcohol per day.
Effect of the heme/heme oxygenase pathway on the relationship between salt consumption and blood pressure.
Transcranial color Doppler sonography of basal cerebral arteries in 182 healthy subjects: age and sex variability and normal reference values for blood flow parameters.
Benzo[a]pyrene diol-epoxide DNA adducts and levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in autoptic samples from human lungs.
HCA, an immunoglobulin-like adhesion molecule present on the earliest human hematopoietic precursor cells, is also expressed by stromal cells in blood-forming tissues.
Effect of fruit juice intake on urinary quercetin excretion and biomarkers of antioxidative status.
Uncertainty analysis methods for comparing predictive models and biomarkers: A case study of dietary methyl mercury exposure.
Evaluation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in exfoliated oral cells by an immunohistochemical assay.
Reproducibility and validity of dietary patterns assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire.
Fat intake and fatty acid profile in plasma phospholipids and adipose tissue in patients with Crohn's disease, compared with controls.
Effects of postnatal exposure of monkeys to a PCB mixture on concurrent random interval-random interval and progressive ratio performance.
Effect of exposure to 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) throughout gestation and lactation on development and spatial delayed alternation performance in rats.
Effect of carbohydrate intake on serum 3,5,3'-triiodothyronine-response to glucose ingestion and its relation to glucose tolerance in lean non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients.
Recent trend of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and their related compounds in the blood and sebum of Yusho and Yu Cheng patients.
PCDD/F concentrations in milk of nonoccupationally exposed women living in southern Catalonia, Spain.
Analysis of a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls and chlorinated pesticides in human serum by column fractionation and dual-column capillary gas chromatography with electron capture detection.
Yolk PCB and plasma retinol concentrations in shag (Phalacrocorax aristotelis) hatchlings.
Induction of hepatic cytochromes P450 in dogs exposed to a chronic low dose of polychlorinated biphenyls.
Reliability of taurine concentrations measured in single urine samples obtained from dogs eight hours after eating.
Inhibition of DNA adduct formation of PhIP in female F344 rats by dietary conjugated linoleic acid.
Boron tolerable intake: re-evaluation of toxicokinetics for data-derived uncertainty factors.
Interindividual variation of plasma haloperidol concentrations and the impact of concomitant medications: the analysis of therapeutic drug monitoring data.
Variability of glutathione S-transferase alpha in human liver and plasma.
DNA damage in humans exposed to environmental and dietary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Laboratory assay reproducibility of serum estrogens in umbilical cord blood samples.
Influence of local tumour stage and grade on reliability of serum prostate-specific antigen in predicting skeletal metastases in patients with adenocarcinoma of the prostate.
Association of dietary protein intake and coffee consumption with serum homocysteine concentrations in an older population.
Ethyl glucuronide--a marker of alcohol consumption and a relapse marker with clinical and forensic implications.
Synthesis and characterization of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon o-quinone depurinating N7-guanine adducts.
Frequency domain heart rate variability and plasma norepinephrine level in the coronary sinus during handgrip exercise.
Can changes in plasma insulin concentration explain the variability in leptin response to weight loss in obese women with normal glucose tolerance?
Effect of cola consumption on urinary biochemical and physicochemical risk factors associated with calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
Evaluation of biomarkers of environmental exposures: urinary haloacetic acids associated with ingestion of chlorinated drinking water.
Serum PCB and DDE levels of frequent Great Lakes sport fish consumers-a first look. The Great Lakes Consortium.
Assessment of prenatal exposure to PCBs from maternal consumption of Great Lakes fish: an analysis of PCB pattern and concentration.
Behavioral impairment produced by low-level postnatal PCB exposure in monkeys.
Blood PCB, p,p'-DDE, and mirex levels in Great Lakes fish and waterfowl consumers in two Ontario communities.
Comparison of PCB congeners and pesticide levels between serum and milk from lactating women.
Day-to-day variability of fasting plasma glucose in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic subjects.
Relationships of fasting and postload glucose levels to sex and alcohol consumption. Are American Diabetes Association criteria biased against detection of diabetes in women?
Reproducibility of fasting plasma leptin concentration in lean and obese humans.
Biomarkers for establishing a tolerable upper intake level for vitamin C.
DNA adducts of heterocyclic amine food mutagens: implications for mutagenesis and carcinogenesis.
HPLC/fluorescence determination of anti-BPDE-DNA adducts in mononuclear white blood cells from PAH-exposed humans.
The effect of dietary protein on reproduction in the mare. VII. Embryonic development, early embryonic death, foetal losses and their relationship with serum progestagen.
Relationship of serum and dietary magnesium to incident hypertension: the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study.
The reliability of medication inventory methods compared to serum levels of cardiovascular drugs in the elderly.
Demographic, dietary and lifestyle factors differentially explain variability in serum carotenoids and fat-soluble vitamins: baseline results from the sentinel site of the Olestra Post-Marketing Surveillance Study.
Intra-individual variation of plasma lipids and lipoproteins in prepubescent children.
Water intake and excretion, urinary solute excretion and some stress indicators in mink (Mustela vison): effect of ambient temperature and quantitative water supply to lactating females.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and related compounds: correlations of levels in human tissues and in blood.
Effects of acute exposure to PCBs 126 and 153 on anterior pituitary and thyroid hormones and FSH isoforms in adult Sprague Dawley male rats.
Usual dietary consumption of soy foods and its correlation with the excretion rate of isoflavonoids in overnight urine samples among Chinese women in Shanghai.
Morning spot and 24-hour urinary 6 beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratios: intraindividual variability and correlation under basal conditions and conditions of CYP 3A4 induction.
Biochemical monitoring of treatment for galactosaemia: biological variability in metabolite concentrations.
Reproducibility of plasma angiotensin-converting enzyme activity in human subjects determined by fluorimetry with Z-phenylalanine-histidyl-leucine as substrate.
Assessment of the bioavailability of PAHs in rats exposed to a polluted soil by natural routes: induction of EROD activity and DNA adducts and PAH burden in both liver and lung.
Serum organochlorine pesticides and PCBs and breast cancer risk: results from a prospective analysis (USA).
Comparison of three methods for estimating daily individual discretionary salt intake: 24 hour recall, duplicate-portion method, and urinary lithium-labelled household salt excretion.
Low reproducibility of maximum urinary flow rate determined by portable flowmetry.
Dietary iron overload and induced lipid peroxidation are associated with impaired plasma lipid transport and hepatic sterol metabolism in rats.
Precision, accuracy, and reliability of hemoglobin assessment with use of capillary blood.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and genotoxic effects on nonsmoking Swedish road pavement workers.
Natural variability of circulating levels of cytokines and cytokine receptors in patients with heart failure: implications for clinical trials.
Relationships between bone mineral density, serum vitamin D metabolites and calcium:phosphorus intake in healthy perimenopausal women.
Validation of a questionnaire method for estimating extent of menstrual blood loss in young adult women.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and related compounds: the blood levels of young Japanese women.
Cytokine and immunoglobulin concentrations in cervical secretions: reproducibility of the Weck-cel collection instrument and correlates of immune measures.
Does degree of obesity influence the validity of reported energy and protein intake? Results from the SOS Dietary Questionnaire. Swedish Obese Subjects.
Effect of dietary copper intakes on biochemical markers of bone metabolism in healthy adult males.
Biological variability and reference intervals for total plasma homocysteine.
Evaluation of changes in intrarenal oxygenation in rats using multiple gradient-recalled echo (mGRE) sequence.
Influence of oral administration of a quaternary mixture of trihalomethanes on their blood kinetics in the rat.
Influence of renal biomarker variability on the design and interpretation of occupational or environmental studies.
Reproducibility and validity of radioimmunoassays for urinary hormones and metabolites in pre- and postmenopausal women.
Clearance of PCDD/Fs via the gastrointestinal tract in occupationally exposed persons.
Dietary canola oil alters hematological indices and blood lipids in neonatal piglets fed formula.
Reliability of laser Doppler flowmetry in a 2-probe assessment of pulpal blood flow.
Sensitive high-performance liquid chromatography method for the simultaneous determination of low levels of dichloroacetic acid and its metabolites in blood and urine.
Heart rate variability and plasma catecholamines in patients during opioid detoxification.
Quantitative evaluation of alternative mechanisms of blood and testes disposition of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in rats.
Flame retardant exposure: polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood from Swedish workers.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids as potential inhibitors of carcinogenesis: effect on DNA adduct formation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in mice and rats.
Intraindividual variations of total and percent free serum prostatic-specific antigen levels in patients with normal digital rectal examination.
Heart rate variability and plasma lipids in men with and without ischaemic heart disease.
Variability of fasting and post-methionine plasma homocysteine levels in normo- and hyperhomocysteinaemic individuals.
Is carbohydrate deficient transferrin a useful marker of harmful alcohol intake among surgical patients?
Developmental exposure of rats to a reconstituted PCB mixture or aroclor 1254: effects on organ weights, aromatase activity, sex hormone levels, and sweet preference behavior.
Green tea extract decreases plasma malondialdehyde concentration but does not affect other indicators of oxidative stress, nitric oxide production, or hemostatic factors during a high-linoleic acid diet in healthy females.
PAH extraction and estimation of plasma flow in human postischemic acute renal failure.
Ratio of serum gamma-GT/ALT rather than ISDR variability is predictive for initial virological response to IFN-alpha in chronic HCV infection.
Intra-individual variability and influence of urine collection period on dextromethorphan metabolic ratios in healthy subjects.
Target-controlled infusion of alfentanil for postoperative analgesia: contribution of plasma protein binding to intra-patient and inter-patient variability.
Induction of genetic damage in human lymphocytes and mutations in Salmonella by trihalomethanes: role of red blood cells and GSTT1-1 polymorphism.
Influence of maternal age and duration of pregnancy on serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and hexachlorobenzene in full-term neonates.
Carotenoids in young and elderly healthy humans: dietary intakes, biochemical status and diet-plasma relationships.
Heart rate variability and fatty acid content of blood cell membranes: a dose-response study with n-3 fatty acids.
Methods for the analysis of PCBs in human food, faeces and serum.
A pilot study of garlic consumption shows no significant effect on markers of oxidation or sub-fraction composition of low-density lipoprotein including lipoprotein(a) after allowance for non-compliance and the placebo effect.
Influence of GSTM1 genotypes on anti-BPDE-DNA adduct levels in mononuclear white blood cells of humans exposed to PAH.
Effects of 16 weeks of treatment with tibolone on bone mass and bone mechanical and histomorphometric indices in mature ovariectomized rats with established osteopenia on a low-calcium diet.
Validation of a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire administered in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) Study: comparison of energy, protein, and macronutrient intakes estimated with the doubly labeled water, urinary nitrogen, and repeated 24-h dietary recall methods.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in cervical smears of smokers and nonsmokers.
Biomonitoring of heterocyclic aromatic amine metabolites in human urine.
Macromolecular adduct formation and metabolism of heterocyclic amines in humans and rodents at low doses.
Metabolism of n-butyl benzyl phthalate in the female Wistar rat. Identification of new metabolites.
Cancer initiation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons results from formation of stable DNA adducts rather than apurinic sites.
An evaluation of salt intake and iodine nutrition in a rural and urban area of the Cte d'Ivoire.
Gender differences in food and nutrient intakes and status indices from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Evaluation of urinary cadmium and lead as markers of background exposure of middle-aged women in Korea: dietary intake as an influential factor.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and other PAH metabolites as biomarkers of exposure to environmental PAH in air particulate matter.
Variations in urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in relation to smoking and the modification effects of GSTM1 and GSTT1.
Antibiotic susceptibility of staphylococci isolated in blood cultures in relation to antibiotic consumption in hospital wards.
Functional biochemical and nutrient indices in frail elderly people are partly affected by dietary supplements but not by exercise.
Environmental pollution and human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the east Baltic region.
Alternative pathways of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons activation: the formation of polar DNA adducts.
Reproducibility and biomarker-based validity and responsiveness of a food frequency questionnaire to estimate protein intake.
Relative versus absolute carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in patients with acute alcoholic hepatitis.
Brown adipose tissue response to cafeteria diet-feeding involves induction of the UCP2 gene and is impaired in female rats as compared to males.
Effects of exposure to 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) throughout gestation and lactation on behavior (concurrent random interval-random interval and progressive ratio performance) in rats.
The contribution of assay variation and biological variation to the total variability of plasma HIV-1 RNA measurements. The Women Infant Transmission Study Clinics. Virology Quality Assurance Program.
Reproducibility of lymphoscintigraphic drainage patterns in sequential 99mTc human serum albumin and 99mTc sulfur colloid studies: implications for sentinel node identification in melanoma.
Biomarkers of carcinogenesis in humans exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
A study of heart rate and heart rate variability in human subjects exposed to occupational levels of 50 Hz circularly polarised magnetic fields.
Blood lipid concentrations of dioxins and dibenzofurans causing chloracne.
Dermal exposure assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: in vitro percutaneous penetration from lubricating oil.
Quantitative determination of thalidomide in human serum with high-performance liquid chromatography using protein precipitation with trichloroacetic acid and ultraviolet detection.
Regional variability of cerebral blood oxygenation response to hypercapnia.
Exposure-route-dependent DNA adduct formation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Reproducibility of plasma and urinary sex hormone levels in premenopausal women over a one-year period.
Effect of parsley (Petroselinum crispum) intake on urinary apigenin excretion, blood antioxidant enzymes and biomarkers for oxidative stress in human subjects.
Cheek cell phospholipids in human infants: a marker of docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acids in the diet, plasma, and red blood cells.
Serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans among people eating contaminated home-produced eggs and beef.
Circadian variation of portal, arterial and venous blood levels of melatonin in pigs and its relationship to food intake and sleep.
Hepatocarcinogenicity in the male B6C3F1 mouse following a lifetime exposure to dichloroacetic acid in the drinking water: dose-response determination and modes of action.
Catechol metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls inhibit the catechol-O-methyltransferase-mediated metabolism of catechol estrogens.
Prenatal PCB exposure and neonatal behavioral assessment scale (NBAS) performance.
Formation of stable DNA adducts and apurinic sites upon metabolic activation of bay and fjord region polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human cell cultures.
Blood cholesterol and apolipoprotein B levels in relation to intakes of animal and plant proteins in US adults.
Determinants of polybrominated biphenyl serum decay among women in the Michigan PBB cohort.
PCB congener profile in the serum of humans consuming Great Lakes fish.
The relationship between alcohol consumption, health indicators and mortality in the German population.
Breast adipose tissue concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and other organochlorines and breast cancer risk.
A new ELISA kit for measuring urinary 2-hydroxyestrone, 16alpha-hydroxyestrone, and their ratio: reproducibility, validity, and assay performance after freeze-thaw cycling and preservation by boric acid.
Altered electrophoretic migration of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon and styrene oxide adducts at adenine N(6) correlates with adduct-induced structural disorder.
Measurement of blood flow in the vertebral artery using colour duplex Doppler ultrasound: establishment of the reliability of selected parameters.
Menstrual cycle dependent variability for serum tumor markers CEA, AFP, CA 19-9, CA 125 and CA 15-3 in healthy women.
Wheat bran supplementation does not affect biochemical markers of bone turnover in young adult women with recommended calcium intake.
Computerized measurement of LDL particle size in human serum. Reproducibility studies and evaluation of LDL particle size in relation to metabolic variables and the occurrence of atherosclerosis.
Personal exposure to atmospheric polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a general adult population and lung cancer risk assessment.
Study on the relationship between plasma nitrite and nitrate level and salt sensitivity in human hypertension : modulation of nitric oxide synthesis by salt intake.
Quantitative evaluation of alternative mechanisms of blood disposition of di(n-butyl) phthalate and mono(n-butyl) phthalate in rats.
Changes in dietary zinc and copper affect zinc-status indicators of postmenopausal women, notably, extracellular superoxide dismutase and amyloid precursor proteins.
Normal and abnormal day-to-day variability of urinary albumin excretion in control and diabetic subjects.
Use of a combined human liver microsome-estrogen receptor binding assay to assess potential estrogen modulating activity of PCB metabolites.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in an artificial shooting target factory: assessment of 1-hydroxypyrene urinary excretion as a biological indicator of exposure.
Pathways of heterocyclic amine activation in the breast: DNA adducts of 2-amino-3-methylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) formed by peroxidases and in human mammary epithelial cells and fibroblasts.
Development of a screening tool for detecting undernutrition and dietary inadequacy among rural elderly in Malaysia: simple indices to identify individuals at high risk.
Ethyl glucuronide: a marker of recent alcohol consumption with clinical and forensic implications.
Markers of intestinally-derived lipoproteins: application to studies of altered diet and meal fatty acid compositions.
Effect of beer consumption on plasma magnesium: randomized comparison with mineral water.
Simultaneous determination of inulin and p-aminohippuric acid (PAH) in human plasma and urine by high-performance liquid chromatography.
Association between acetylator genotype and 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) DNA adduct formation in colon and prostate of inbred Fischer 344 and Wistar Kyoto rats.
Reproducibility of the seven-day voiding diary in women with stress urinary incontinence.
PCB-blood levels in teachers, working in PCB-contaminated schools.
Decrease of PCDD/F levels in human blood from Germany over the past ten years (1989-1998).
Psychological effects upon exposure to polyhalogenated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans.
Variability of Doppler ultrasound measurements of hindlimb blood flow in conscious horses.
Urinary isoflavonoid and lignan excretion on a Western diet: relation to soy, vegetable, and fruit intake.
Biomonitoring of environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure by simultaneous measurement of urinary phenanthrene, pyrene and benzo[a]pyrene hydroxides.
Development and modification of a recombinant cell bioassay to directly detect halogenated and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in serum.
Hippuric acid as a major excretion product associated with black tea consumption.
CYP1A1 and GSTM1 polymorphisms affect urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels after PAH exposure.
Delay of DNA-adduct repair and severe toxicity in xeroderma pigmentosum group A gene (XPA) deficient mice treated with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenyl-imidazo [4,5-b] pyridine (PhIP).
Association of dietary elements and lower urinary tract symptoms.
Unrepaired fjord region polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in ras codon 61 mutational hot spots.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure of workers on a contaminated site: influence of exposure conditions.
Increased morbidity and high variability of cyclosporine levels in pediatric heart transplant recipients.
High-performance liquid chromatographic method with fluorescence detection for the determination of 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene and 3-hydroxybenz[a]anthracene in the urine of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed workers.
The effect of two levels of dietary protein on resistance and resilience of dairy goats experimentally infected with Trichostrongylus colubriformis: comparison between high and low producers.
Inverse relationship between protein intake and plasma free amino acids in healthy men at physical exercise.
Five-year intra-individual variability in C-reactive protein levels in a Japanese population-based study: the Jichi Medical School Cohort Study at Yamato, 1993-1998.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in relation to thyroid hormone levels in neonates.
Reproducibility of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) protease and reverse transcriptase sequencing of plasma samples from heavily treated HIV-1-infected individuals.
Correlation between urine and blood concentrations, and dietary intake of cadmium and lead among women in the general population of Japan.
Comparison of the formation of proteins modified by direct and indirect ethanol metabolites in the liver and blood of rats fed the Lieber-DeCarli liquid diet.
Within- and between-subject variations in pharmacokinetic parameters of ethanol by analysis of breath, venous blood and urine.
Institutional variability in red blood cell conservation practices for coronary artery bypass graft surgery. Institutions of the MultiCenter Study of Perioperative Ischemia Research Group.
Biomonitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of nonoccupationally exposed persons.
Reproducibility studies and interlaboratory concordance for androgen assays in female plasma.
Expression of CYP1A1, CYP1B1 and CYP3A, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation in bronchoalveolar macrophages of smokers and non-smokers.
Waist-to-hip ratio, weight gain, and dietary and serum selenium are associated with DNA content flow cytometry in Barrett's esophagus.
Tea as a potential chemopreventive agent in PhIP carcinogenesis: effects of green tea and black tea on PhIP-DNA adduct formation in female F-344 rats.
Immunohistochemical analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tumor tissue.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran concentrations in the serum samples of workers at continuously burning municipal waste incinerators in Japan.
Parental smoking and neonatal serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and hexachlorobenzene.
Relation between low calcium intake, parathyroid hormone, and blood pressure.
Reliability of fatty acid composition in human serum phospholipids.
Chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans and the human immune system: 3. Plasma immunoglobulins and cytokines of workers with quantified moderately-increased body burdens.
Reliability of the heparin management test for monitoring high levels of unfractionated heparin: in vitro findings in volunteers versus in vivo findings during cardiopulmonary bypass.
The role of women's alcohol consumption in evaluation of vulnerability to sexual aggression.
Interobserver variability of cisternal blood on CT after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Fasting plasma glucose variability predicts 10-year survival of type 2 diabetic patients: the Verona Diabetes Study.
Validation of dietary intakes measured by diet history against 24 h urinary nitrogen excretion and energy expenditure measured by the doubly-labelled water method in middle-aged women.
New synthetic approaches to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their carcinogenic oxidized metabolites: derivatives of benzo[s]picene, benzo[rst]pentaphene, and dibenzo[b,def]chrysene.
Assessment of multipathway exposure of small children to PAH.
Basal urinary zinc/creatinine ratio as an indicator of dietary zinc intake in healthy adult women.
Beneficial effects of weight loss associated with moderate calorie/carbohydrate restriction, and increased proportional intake of protein and unsaturated fat on serum urate and lipoprotein levels in gout: a pilot study.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to tetrachloroethene by analysis for unmetabolized tetrachloroethene in blood and urine in comparison with urinalysis for trichloroacetic acid.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a fireproof stone producing plant: biological monitoring of 1-hydroxypyrene, 1-, 2-, 3- and 4-hydroxyphenanthrene, 3-hydroxybenz(a)anthracene and 3-hydroxybenzo(a)pyrene.
Analytical sensitivity, reproducibility of results, and clinical performance of five PCR assays for detecting Chlamydia pneumoniae DNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Immunoperoxidase detection of 4-aminobiphenyl- and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-DNA adducts in induced sputum of smokers and non-smokers.
Beneficial influence of an indigenous low-iron diet on serum indicators of iron status in patients with chronic liver disease.
Reliability of analytical methods for determining anthocyanins in blood orange juices.
Gallic acid metabolites are markers of black tea intake in humans.
Ferulic acid excretion as a marker of consumption of a French maritime pine (Pinus maritima) bark extract.
Studies of the mechanisms of adduction of 2'-deoxyadenosine with styrene oxide and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol epoxides.
Trans fatty acids in adipose tissue of French women in relation to their dietary sources.
Correlations among human plasma levels of dioxin-like compounds and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and implications for epidemiologic studies.
PCB exposure in utero and via breast milk. A review.
The disinfection by-products dichloro-, dibromo-, and bromochloroacetic acid impact intestinal microflora and metabolism in Fischer 344 rats upon exposure in drinking water.
Health risks to infants from exposure to PCBs, PCDDs and PCDFs.
Determinants of within-subject variation of fasting serum leptin concentrations in healthy subjects.
Validation study of retrospective recall of disease-targeted function: results from the prostate cancer outcomes study.
The ALDH2 genotype, alcohol intake, and liver-function biomarkers among Japanese male workers.
Response of diamine oxidase and other plasma copper biomarkers to various dietary copper intakes in the rat and evaluation of copper absorption with a stable isotope.
Dietary creatine supplementation does not affect some haematological indices, or indices of muscle damage and hepatic and renal function.
Dietary intakes of flavonols, flavones and isoflavones by Japanese women and the inverse correlation between quercetin intake and plasma LDL cholesterol concentration.
Parathyroid hormone is elevated but bone markers and density are normal in young female subjects who consume inadequate dietary calcium.
Effect of diet on serum albumin and hemoglobin adducts of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in humans.
Assessing estradiol in biobehavioral studies using saliva and blood spots: simple radioimmunoassay protocols, reliability, and comparative validity.
PCBs, thyroid hormones, and ototoxicity in rats: cross-fostering experiments demonstrate the impact of postnatal lactation exposure.
Quantitative determination of endocrine- disrupting polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorinated pesticides in human serum using gas chromatography with electron-capture detection and tandem mass spectrometry.
Cafeteria diet-induced obesity is associated with a low spontaneous growth hormone secretion and normal plasma insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations.
Quantitative detection of eight phthalate metabolites in human urine using HPLC-APCI-MS/MS.
Routine analysis of 101 polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in human serum by parallel dual-column gas chromatography with electron capture detection.
Changes in diet, weight, and serum lipid levels associated with olestra consumption.
Serum amino acids in relation to nutritional status, lung function and energy intake in patients with advanced pulmonary disease.
The development and evaluation of an incontinence screening questionnaire for female primary care.
The associations of a marine diet with plasma lipids, blood glucose, blood pressure and obesity among the inuit in Greenland.
Validity of self-reported alcohol consumption in nondependent drinkers with unintentional injuries.
Reduced levels of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D(3) in rat dams and offspring after exposure to a reconstituted PCB mixture.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for androgen deficiency in aging males.
Identification of phthalate esters in the serum of young Puerto Rican girls with premature breast development.
Inter- and intra-individual variation in plasma and red blood cell vitamin E after supplementation.
Dietary unsaturated fatty acids in type 2 diabetes: higher levels of postprandial lipoprotein on a linoleic acid-rich sunflower oil diet compared with an oleic acid-rich olive oil diet.
Profiles of a healthful diet and its relationship to biomarkers in a population sample from Mediterranean southern France.
Correlation of carnitine levels to methionine and lysine intake.
Etiology of nephrocalcinosis in preterm neonates: association of nutritional intake and urinary parameters.
The association between glutathione S-transferase M1 genotype and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tissue.
CYP1A1, GSTM1, and GSTP1 genetic polymorphisms and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion in non-occupationally exposed individuals.
Levels of seven urinary phthalate metabolites in a human reference population.
Dose response of laboratory markers to alcohol consumption in a general population.
Urinary 1-methylhistidine is a marker of meat consumption in Black and in White California Seventh-day Adventists.
Age at menarche and tanner stage in girls exposed in utero and postnatally to polybrominated biphenyl.
PAH metabolites in bile, cytochrome P4501A and DNA adducts as environmental risk parameters for chronic oil exposure: a laboratory experiment with Atlantic cod.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dioxins. Consequences for longterm neurological and cognitive development of the child lactation.
Human variability in mercury toxicokinetics and steady state biomarker ratios.
Variability of pressure-flow studies in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Variability of standard clinical protein assays in the analysis of a model urine solution of fragmented albumin.
Consumption of black and green tea had no effect on inflammation, haemostasis and endothelial markers in smoking healthy individuals.
Breast cancer risk in relation to adipose concentrations of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in Long Island, New York.
A preliminary evaluation of intra- and interindividual variations of hOGG1 messenger RNA levels in peripheral blood cells as determined by a real-time polymerase chain reaction technique.
Validity of cadmium concentration in rice as the "dose" of the dose-response relationship between cadmium intake and renal dysfunction.
Validation of a simple method for assessing sodium intake in dialysis patients.
Alpha linolenic acid in cholesterol esters: a marker of alphalinolenic acid intake in newborns.
Trends of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels and mutagenicity in Santiago's inhalable airborne particles in the period 1992-1996.
Internal exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDDs/PCDFs) of Bavarian chimney sweeps.
Validation of three food frequency questionnaires and 24-hour recalls with serum carotenoid levels in a sample of African-American adults.
Variability of erythrocyte and serum lithium levels correlates with therapist treatment adherence efforts and maintenance treatment outcome.
Cognitive dietary restraint is associated with higher urinary cortisol excretion in healthy premenopausal women.
Serum lithium as a compliance marker for food and supplement intake.
Kinetic parameters and intraindividual fluctuations of ochratoxin A plasma levels in humans.
Evaluation of models of acute and subacute acidosis on dry matter intake, ruminal fermentation, blood chemistry, and endocrine profiles of beef steers.
Immunologic effects of background exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins in Dutch preschool children.
Serum levels of TCDD and dioxin-like chemicals in Rhesus monkeys chronically exposed to dioxin: correlation of increased serum PCB levels with endometriosis.
Benchmark guideline for urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as biomarker of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Measurement of PCBs, DDE, and hexachlorobenzene in cord blood from infants born in towns adjacent to a PCB-contaminated waste site.
A pathway model of lipid metabolism to predict the effect of genetic variability on lipid levels.
Uptake of chlorination disinfection by-products; a review and a discussion of its implications for exposure assessment in epidemiological studies.
Serum concentrations of estradiol and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and soy product intake in relation to psychologic well-being in peri- and postmenopausal Japanese women.
Variability of tear protein levels in normal young adults: between-day variation.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling of inhalation exposure of humans to dichloromethane during moderate to heavy exercise.
Oral administration of naturally occurring coumarins leads to altered phase I and II enzyme activities and reduced DNA adduct formation by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in various tissues of SENCAR mice.
High levels of dietary carnosine are associated with increased concentrations of carnosine and histidine in rat soleus muscle.
Bayesian estimation of variability in adipose tissue blood flow in man by physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling of inhalation exposure to toluene.
Distribution and repeatability of faecal egg counts and blood parameters in dairy goats naturally infected with gastrointestinal nematodes.
Relationship of dietary fat and serum cholesterol ester and phospholipid fatty acids to markers of insulin resistance in men and women with a range of glucose tolerance.
Life style and urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine, a marker of oxidative dna damage: effects of exercise, working conditions, meat intake, body mass index, and smoking.
Reliability assessment of soluble c-erbB-2 concentrations in the saliva of healthy women and men.
Concentrations and frequencies of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in a Native American population that consumes Great Lakes fish.
Reliability assessment of the bladder diary for urinary incontinence in older women.
Saliva as a medium for investigating intra- and interindividual differences in sex hormone levels in premenopausal women.
The repeatability of serum carotenoid, retinoid, and tocopherol concentrations in specimens of blood collected 15 years apart.
Role of variability in microvascular resistance on fractional flow reserve and coronary blood flow velocity reserve in intermediate coronary lesions.
Influence of sodium intake on the reliability of active renin as a measure of the renin-angiotensin system in essential hypertension.
Association of smoking with serum and dietary levels of antioxidants in adults: NHANES III, 1988-1994.
Effects of PCB 126 on thymocyte surface marker expression and immune organ development in chicken embryos.
Beneficial effects of a soy-based dietary supplement on lipid levels and cardiovascular risk markers in type 2 diabetic subjects.
Laser-induced fluorescence detection at 266 nm in capillary electrophoresis. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in biota.
Effects of exposure of lactating female rats to polychlorinated biphenyls (Pcbs) on testis weight, sperm production and sertoli cell numbers in the adult male offspring.
Prenatal exposure to PCBs and infant performance on the fagan test of infant intelligence.
Plasma fat-soluble vitamin and mineral concentrations in relation to diet in captive pteropodid bats.
Dietary glycemic load assessed by food-frequency questionnaire in relation to plasma high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and fasting plasma triacylglycerols in postmenopausal women.
Glycemic index in the diet of European outpatients with type 1 diabetes: relations to glycated hemoglobin and serum lipids.
Association of folate intake and serum homocysteine in elderly persons according to vitamin supplementation and alcohol use.
Fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum lipids are valid biological markers of dairy fat intake in men.
Short-term variability in the measurement of plasma homocysteine, fasting and post-methionine loading.
Urinary concentrations of trichloroacetic acid in Danish workers exposed to trichloroethylene, 1947-1985.
Antibody-mediated immunotoxicity in American kestrels (Falco sparverius) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Valproic acid has temporal variability in urinary clearance of metabolites.
Reliability of spot samples for assessment of urinary excretion of pyridinoline in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Associations of blood levels of PCB, HCHS, and HCB with numbers of lymphocyte subpopulations, in vitro lymphocyte response, plasma cytokine levels, and immunoglobulin autoantibodies.
Interspecific variability of prevalence in blood parasites of adult passerine birds during the breeding season in Alaska.
Hemodynamic reproducibility during blood flow measurements of hemodialysis synthetic grafts.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in liver and adipose tissues as postmortem markers for ethanol intake.
Effects of short-term in vivo exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers on thyroid hormones and hepatic enzyme activities in weanling rats.
Variability of blood-brain ratios of phenylalanine in typical patients with phenylketonuria.
Dietary fat intake in healthy adolescents: inverse relationships between the estimated intake of saturated fatty acids and serum cholesterol.
PrimeScreen, a brief dietary screening tool: reproducibility and comparability with both a longer food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers.
Associations between dietary intakes and blood cholesterol concentrations at 31 months.
Effect of tourniquet pressure and intra-individual variability on plasma fibrinogen, platelet P-selectin and monocyte tissue factor.
Effects of occupation, lifestyle and genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP2E1, GSTM1 and GSTT1 on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations.
Mrp2-deficiency in the rat impairs biliary and intestinal excretion and influences metabolism and disposition of the food-derived carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo.
Effect of dietary selenium source, level, and pig hair color on various selenium indices.
Magnitude and variability of sequential estradiol and progesterone concentrations in women using depot medroxyprogesterone acetate for contraception.
Plasma carotenoids in relation to food consumption in Granada (southern Spain) and Malm (southern Sweden).
Power spectrum analysis of heart rate and blood flow velocity variability measured in the umbilical and uterine arteries in early pregnancy: a comparative study.
Examination of the validity and reliability of the Accusport blood lactate analyser.
Human exposure to PCDD/Fs in the UK: the development of a modelling approach to give historical and future perspectives.
Sequential analysis of hair mercury levels in relation to fish diet of an Amazonian population, Brazil.
Time trends in sport-caught Great Lakes fish consumption and serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels among Michigan Anglers, 1973-1993.
Urinary monohydroxylated phenanthrenes and hydroxypyrene--the effects of smoking habits and changes induced by smoking on monooxygenase-mediated metabolism.
No background concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood of rats.
Association between composition of the diet and haemoglobin and ferritin levels in 18-month-old children.
Evaluation of a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire to estimate iodine intake.
In primiparous sows, plasma insulin-like growth factor-I can be affected by lactational feed intake and dietary energy source and is associated with luteinizing hormone.
Characterization of nucleoside and DNA adducts formed by S-(1-acetoxymethyl)glutathione and implications for dihalomethane-glutathione conjugates.
Milk--blood transfer of (14)C-tagged polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in pigs.
Epidemiological assessment of diet: a comparison of a 7-day diary with a food frequency questionnaire using urinary markers of nitrogen, potassium and sodium.
Are coffee and tea consumption associated with urinary tract cancer risk? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Background levels of non-ortho-substituted (coplanar) polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum of Missouri residents.
PCDD and PCDF exposures in workers and controls living near an industrial waste incinerator.
Polychlorinated biphenyl serum levels in pregnant subjects with diabetes.
Intraobserver reproducibility of Doppler measurements of uterine artery blood flow velocity in premenopausal women.
Association between B vitamin intake and plasma homocysteine concentration in the general Dutch population aged 20-65 y.
Reliability of homeless women's reports: concordance between hair assay and self report of cocaine use.
High-performance liquid chromatographic method for the determination of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in total parenteral nutrition and in plasma.
Biomarkers of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA damage and cigarette smoke exposures in paired maternal and newborn blood samples as a measure of differential susceptibility.
Blood determinations of S-adenosylmethionine, S-adenosylhomocysteine, and homocysteine: correlations with diet.
Relation of serum tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin concentration to diet among veterans in the Air Force Health Study with background-level exposure.
Ethnic and environmental differences in various markers of dietary intake and blood pressure among Chinese Han and three other minority peoples of China: results from the WHO Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study.
Reproducibility of ultrasound blood flow measurement of the superior mesenteric artery before and after exercise.
Serum carotenoids as biomarkers of fruit and vegetable consumption in the New York Women's Health Study.
Using isothiocyanate excretion as a biological marker of Brassica vegetable consumption in epidemiological studies: evaluating the sources of variability.
Biological monitoring the exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of coke oven workers in relation to smoking and genetic polymorphisms for GSTM1 and GSTT1.
Plasma retinol and tocopherol levels in greek elderly population from an urban and a rural area: associations with the dietary habits.
Relation between serum insulinlike growth factor-1, insulinlike growth factor binding protein-2, and insulinlike growth factor binding protein-3 and nutritional intake in premature infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Are the proposed limits of energy intake:basal metabolic rate and dietary nitrogen:urinary nitrogen ratios suitable for validation of food intake?
Measurement variability of plasma beta-sitosterol and campesterol, two new biomarkers for cancer prevention.
Alcohol consumption and blood pressure change: 5-year follow-up study of the association in normotensive workers.
Reliability and validity of commercially available, direct radioimmunoassays for measurement of blood androgens and estrogens in postmenopausal women.
Assessing exposure to disinfection by-products in women of reproductive age living in Corpus Christi, Texas, and Cobb county, Georgia: descriptive results and methods.
Impairments of memory and learning in older adults exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls via consumption of Great Lakes fish.
Comparative analysis of PAH:DNA adducts formed in lung of mice exposed to neat coal tar and soils contaminated with coal tar.
Variability in platelet responses to collagen--comparison between whole blood perfusions, traditional platelet function tests and PFA-100.
Blood:air partition coefficients of individual and mixtures of trihalomethanes.
PCBs, TEQs and plasma retinol in grey heron (Ardea cinerea) hatchlings from two rookeries in Norway.
Immune function, hepatic CYP1A, and reproductive biomarker responses in the gulf killifish, Fundulus grandis, during dietary exposures to endocrine disrupters.
A comparison of dietary and non-dietary factors of hypertension and normal blood pressure in a Chinese population.
Use of biological markers to validate self-reported dietary intake in a random sample of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer United Kingdom Norfolk cohort.
Urinary cadmium elimination as a biomarker of exposure for evaluating a cadmium dietary exposure--biokinetics model.
Cardiovascular regulation in TGR(mREN2)27 rats: 24h variation in plasma catecholamines, angiotensin peptides, and telemetric heart rate variability.
Nelfinavir plasma levels under twice-daily and three-times-daily regimens: high interpatient and low intrapatient variability.
Single measurement of serum phospholipid fatty acid as a biomarker of specific fatty acid intake in middle-aged Japanese men.
Personal exposures to PM(2.5) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their relationship to environmental tobacco smoke at two locations in Greece.
Further studies of blood levels of some tumor markers in the area polluted by polychlorinated biphenyls and control population.
Effects of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on thyroid hormone and vitamin A levels in rats and mice.
Neurobehavioral deficits associated with PCB in 7-year-old children prenatally exposed to seafood neurotoxicants.
Validation of a computer version of the patient-administered Danish prostatic symptom score questionnaire.
Dehalogenation of dichloromethane by dichloromethane dehalogenase/glutathione S-transferase leads to formation of DNA adducts.
Effects of pre- and postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure on metabolic rate and thyroid hormones of white-footed mice.
Effects of alcohol consumption on indices of iron stores and of iron stores on alcohol intake markers.
Variability of splanchnic blood flow in patients with sepsis.
Inter- and intra-individual sources of variation in levels of urinary styrene metabolites.
A critical evaluation of the application of biomarkers in epidemiological studies on diet and health.
Vitamin D status and its adequacy in healthy Danish perimenopausal women: relationships to dietary intake, sun exposure and serum parathyroid hormone.
Biomarkers for exposure to dietary flavonoids: a review of the current evidence for identification of quercetin glycosides in plasma.
Is there a relationship between plasma phenylalanine and cholesterol in phenylketonuric patients under dietary treatment?
Inverse association between dietary and serum conjugated linoleic acid and risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Low dietary zinc alters indices of copper function and status in postmenopausal women.
Immunoperoxidase detection of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in breast tissue sections.
Biomarkers of genotoxicity of air pollution (the AULIS project): bulky DNA adducts in subjects with moderate to low exposures to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their relationship to environmental tobacco smoke and other parameters.
Fat content of the diet among preschool children in southwest Britain: II. relationship with growth, blood lipids, and iron status.
On the correlation between individual biochemical parameters of human blood serum following space flight and their basal values.
Reliability of cerebral blood flow measurements by transcerebral double-indicator dilution technique.
Reliability and validity of the General Health Questionnaire (GHQ-12) among urological patients: a Malaysian study.
Environmental exposure of small children to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Variability in aflatoxin-albumin adduct levels and effects of hepatitis B and C virus infection and glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 genotype.
Dietary assessment in Whitehall II: comparison of 7 d diet diary and food-frequency questionnaire and validity against biomarkers.
Soya intake and plasma concentrations of daidzein and genistein: validity of dietary assessment among eighty British women (Oxford arm of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition).
Validity and reproducibility of ultrasonography for the measurement of intra-abdominal adipose tissue.
The risk of endometriosis and exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls: a case-control study of infertile women.
Concentration of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo(4,5-b)pyridine (PhIP) in urine and alkali-hydrolyzed urine after consumption of charbroiled beef.
Validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire to assess isoflavone intake in a japanese population in comparison with dietary records and blood and urine isoflavones.
Very-long-chain omega-3 fatty acids as markers for habitual fish intake in a population consuming mainly lean fish: the EPIC cohort of Gipuzkoa. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Giessen Wholesome Nutrition Study: relation between a health-conscious diet and blood lipids.
Evaluation of dietary assessment instruments against doubly labeled water, a biomarker of habitual energy intake.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers relative to exposure, alcohol consumption, and metabolic enzymes.
Alcohol drinkers overreport their energy intake in the BIRNH study: evaluation by 24-hour urinary excretion of cations. Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
Sodium is the leading dietary factor associated with urinary calcium excretion in Hong Kong Chinese adults.
Reproducibility of blood lactate-anchored ratings of perceived exertion.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1, CYP2E1, GSTM1, and GSTT1 on the urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol in aircraft maintenance workers.
Determinants of polychlorinated biphenyls and methylmercury exposure in inuit women of childbearing age.
Doppler sonographic measurements of arterial blood flow and their repeatability in the equine foot during weight bearing and non-weight bearing.
Inter- and intraindividual variability of riluzole serum concentrations in patients with ALS.
Synthesis of hydroxylated PCB metabolites with the Suzuki-coupling.
Levels of ochratoxin A in blood from Norwegian and Swedish blood donors and their possible correlation with food consumption.
Intra-individual variability in nighttime urine production and functional bladder capacity estimated by home recordings in patients with nocturnal enuresis.
Biological monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in subjects living in the vicinity of a creosote impregnation plant.
Identification of hydroxylated PCB metabolites and other phenolic halogenated pollutants in human blood plasma.
Breast-feeding among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls in Michigan.
Influence of dietary fatty acid composition on the relationship between CETP activity and plasma lipoproteins in monkeys.
Detection of antibodies to the benzo(a)pyrene diol epoxide-DNA adducts in sera from individuals exposed to low doses of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as markers of alcohol consumption. Segmental hair analysis of alcoholics, social drinkers, and teetotalers.
Relation between dietary intake, serum concentrations, and retinal concentrations of lutein and zeaxanthin in adults in a Midwest population.
Residue levels of DDE and PCBs in the blood serum of women in the Port Said region of Egypt.
Variability in urinary excretion of bone resorption markers: limitations of a single determination in clinical practice.
Implication of co-measured platelet factor 4 in the reliability of the results of the plasma transforming growth factor-beta 1 measurement.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and relations to fatty acid composition in the diet and in serum cholesterol esters.
Assessment of questionnaire validity for measuring total fat intake using plasma lipid levels as criteria.
Application of the method of triads to evaluate the performance of food frequency questionnaires and biomarkers as indicators of long-term dietary intake.
Genetic variability of the V1 and V2 env domains of SIVcpz-ant and neutralization pattern of plasma viruses in a chimpanzee infected naturally.
Reproducibility of T2* blood volume and vascular tortuosity maps in cerebral gliomas.
The effects of PCB exposure and fish consumption on endogenous hormones.
Blood volume and its relation to peak O(2) consumption and physical activity in patients with chronic fatigue.
A biomarker approach to measuring human dietary exposure to certain phthalate diesters.
Monitoring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in human urine: extraction and purification with a sol-gel glass immunosorbent.
Variability in cimetidine absorption and plasma double peaks following oral administration in the fasted state in humans: correlation with antral gastric motility.
Estimation and validation of mercury intake associated with fish consumption in an EPIC cohort of Spain.
Biliary PAH metabolites and EROD activity in flounder (Platichthys flesus) from a contaminated estuarine environment.
Blood pressure in relation to dietary calcium intake, alcohol consumption, blood lead, and blood cadmium in female nonsmokers.
Effects of maternal exposure to a reconstituted mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls on sex-dependent behaviors and steroid hormone concentrations in rats: dose-response relationship.
Influence of GSTM1 genotype on association between aromatic DNA adducts and urinary PAH metabolites in incineration workers.
Validity of reported energy expenditure and energy and protein intakes in Swedish adolescent vegans and omnivores.
Effects of prenatal PCB and dioxin background exposure on cognitive and motor abilities in Dutch children at school age.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in small-size serum samples by solid-phase extraction followed by gas chromatography with micro-electron-capture detection.
Variability in glucose transporter-1 levels and hexokinase activity in human melanoma.
Increased plasma morphine metabolites in terminally ill cancer patients with delirium: an intra-individual comparison.
Partition coefficients for the trihalomethanes among blood, urine, water, milk and air.
A cross-sectional study on association of calcium intake with blood pressure in Japanese population.
The effect of relevant genotypes on PAH exposure-related biomarkers.
A method for estimating within-patient variability in maximal urinary flow rate adjusted for voided volume.
Exposure to genotoxins present in ambient air in Bangkok, Thailand--particle associated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and biomarkers.
Residuals of beta-hexachlorocyclohexane, dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, and hexachlorobenzene in serum, and relations with consumption of dietary components in rural residents in Japan.
A valid food frequency questionnaire for measuring dietary fish intake.
Negligible changes in piglet serum clinical indicators or organ weights due to dietary single-cell long-chain polyunsaturated oils.
Correlates of plasma homocysteine, cysteine and cysteinyl-glycine in respondents in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of young people aged 4-18 years, and a comparison with the survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Overnight urinary isoflavone excretion in a population of women living in the United States, and its relationship to isoflavone intake.
The food intake recording software system is valid among fourth-grade children.
The relative validity of a short Dutch questionnaire as a means to categorize adults and adolescents to total and saturated fat intake.
Relationship between fasting and day-long plasma glucose concentrations in diet-treated patients with type 2 diabetes.
Plasma concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and the risk of breast cancer: a congener-specific analysis.
Molecular epidemiologic studies of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and breast cancer.
Reliability of serial urine HCG as a biomarker to detect early pregnancy loss.
Distribution and determinants of trihalomethane concentrations in indoor swimming pools.
Human blood and environmental media screening method for pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyl compounds using liquid extraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis.
Reliability and validity of day-to-day blood flow velocity reactivity in a single subject: an fTCD study.
Quantification of monohydroxy-PAH metabolites in urine by solid-phase extraction with isotope dilution-GC-MS.
The association between biomarker-based exposure estimates for phthalates and demographic factors in a human reference population.
Pentachlorophenol and hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites in umbilical cord plasma of neonates from coastal populations in Qubec.
Fluctuations in human milk long-chain PUFA levels in relation to dietary fish intake.
Sulfhydryl binding and topoisomerase inhibition by PCB metabolites.
Assessment of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in police in Florence, Italy, through personal air sampling and biological monitoring of the urinary metabolite 1-hydroxypyrene.
CCR2 and CCR5 genotypes in HIV type 1-infected adolescents: limited contributions to variability in plasma HIV type 1 RNA concentration in the absence of antiretroviral therapy.
A novel bioassay for human somatogenic activity in serum samples supports the clinical reliability of immunoassays.
Susceptibility factors and DNA adducts in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of aluminium smelter workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
How dietary phosphate, renal failure and calcitriol administration affect the serum calcium-phosphate relationship in the rat.
Ambient and biological monitoring of coke plant workers -- determination of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Pedigree-based quantitative genetic analysis of interindividual variation in circulating levels of IGFBP-3.
Serum cholesterol levels in children are associated with dietary fat and fatty acid intake.
Continuous measurement of cerebral blood flow velocity using transcranial Doppler reveals significant moment-to-moment variability of data in healthy volunteers and in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Soy product intake and serum isoflavonoid and estradiol concentrations in relation to bone mineral density in postmenopausal Japanese women.
Circulating lysozyme and hepatic CYP1A activities during a chronic dietary exposure to tributyltin (TBT) and 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB-126) mixtures in channel catfish, Ictalurus punctatus.
Derivative matrix isopotential synchronous fluorescence spectroscopy for the direct determination of 1-hydroxypyrene as a urinary biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Comparison of trihalomethanes in tap water and blood.
Comparing electron ionization high-resolution and electron capture low-resolution mass spectrometric determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in plasma, serum and milk.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) intake assessment and possible biomarkers of CLA intake in young women.
Effects of alcohol consumption on eight circulating markers of liver fibrosis.
Association of dietary fatty acids with urinary oxalate excretion in calcium oxalate stone-formers in their fourth decade.
Evaluation of dietary intake of vitamin E in the treatment of atopic dermatitis: a study of the clinical course and evaluation of the immunoglobulin E serum levels.
Flavonoids in human urine as biomarkers for intake of fruits and vegetables.
Determination of endocrine-disrupting pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by GC-ECD and GC-MS-MS and evaluation of contributions to the uncertainty of the results.
Development and validation of a questionnaire for the assessment of bowel and lower urinary tract symptoms in women.
Effects of aqua-treadmill exercise on selected blood parameters and on heart-rate variability of horses.
Dietary conjugated linolenic acid in relation to CLA differently modifies body fat mass and serum and liver lipid levels in rats.
Alu insertions versus blood group plus protein genetic variability in four Amerindian populations.
Quantitative detection of trichloroacetic acid in human urine using isotope dilution high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry.
Reliability of MR imaging-based virtual cystoscopy in the diagnosis of cancer of the urinary bladder.
High variability between results of different in-house tests for cytomegalovirus (CMV) monitoring and a standardized quantitative plasma CMV PCR assay.
The impact of angiotensin II receptor blockade and the DASH diet on markers of endogenous fibrinolysis.
Dietary monoglutamate and polyglutamate folate are associated with plasma folate concentrations in Dutch men and women aged 20-65 years.
Serum beta-glucuronidase activity is inversely associated with plant-food intakes in humans.
Reproducibility of hemispheric blood flow increases during line bisectioning.
Green tea extract only affects markers of oxidative status postprandially: lasting antioxidant effect of flavonoid-free diet.
Validation of a short food frequency questionnaire to assess folate intake.
Plasma phylloquinone (vitamin K1) concentration and its relationship to intake in a national sample of British elderly people.
Biomarkers of exposure to heterocyclic amines: approaches to improve the exposure assessment.
Reproducibility of the blood lactate threshold, 4 mmol.l(-1) marker, heart rate and ratings of perceived exertion during incremental treadmill exercise in humans.
High-dose CD34+ cells are not clinically relevant in reducing cytopenia and blood component consumption following myeloablative therapy and peripheral blood progenitor cell transplantation as compared with standard dose.
Individual carotenoid concentrations in adipose tissue and plasma as biomarkers of dietary intake.
Selection of relevant dietary indicators for health.
Preparation of samples for gas chromatography/mass spectrometry analysis of phthalate and adipate esters in plasma and beverages by steam distillation and extraction.
Dietary carbohydrate's effects on lipogenesis and the relationship of lipogenesis to blood insulin and glucose concentrations.
Soy milk intake in relation to serum sex hormone levels in British men.
Impact of the variability of cyclosporin A trough levels on long-term renal allograft function.
An experimental test of the relationship between temporal variability of feeding opportunities and baseline levels of corticosterone in a shorebird.
Observer experience improves reproducibility of color Doppler sonography of orbital blood vessels.
Trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to disinfection by-products in drinking water: a human exposure trial in Adelaide, Australia.
Effect of genetic background and diet on plasma fibrinogen in mice. Possible relation with susceptibility to atherosclerosis.
Biomonitoring of tobacco smoke carcinogenicity by dosimetry of DNA adducts and genotyping and phenotyping of biotransformational enzymes: a review on polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Comparative responsiveness of hypothyroxinemia and hepatic enzyme induction in Long-Evans rats versus C57BL/6J mice exposed to TCDD-like and phenobarbital-like polychlorinated biphenyl congeners.
Variability in the magnitude of the cerebral blood flow response and the shape of the cerebral blood flow-pressure autoregulation curve during hypotension in normal rats [corrected].
Covalent binding of PCB metabolites to lipids: route of formation and characterization.
Pregnancy and lactation affect markers of calcium and bone metabolism differently in adolescent and adult women with low calcium intakes.
Biological markers of alcohol consumption in nondrinkers, drinkers, and alcohol-dependent Brazilian patients.
The ethanol conjugate ethyl glucuronide is a useful marker of recent alcohol consumption.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection using a deuterated internal standard.
Analysis of pesticides and PCB congeners in serum by GC/MS with SPE sample cleanup.
Comparison of urinary bromide levels among people in East Asia, and the effects of dietary intakes of cereals and marine products.
Relative cerebral blood volume measurements in intracranial mass lesions: interobserver and intraobserver reproducibility study.
Instability and variability of urinary telopeptides and free crosslinks.
Psychometric validation of an overactive bladder symptom and health-related quality of life questionnaire: the OAB-q.
Inter-test reliability of the anti-RESA indices based on ELISA tests using eluates from whole blood spots dried on filter paper.
Calcium intake in relation to diet and health indicators in Cretan primary and high school pupils, Greece.
Cerebral blood flow changes in depressed patients after treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: evidence of individual variability.
Relation between myocardial oxygen consumption and myocardial blood volume: a study using myocardial contrast echocardiography.
Exocyclic DNA adducts as oxidative stress markers in colon carcinogenesis: potential role of lipid peroxidation, dietary fat and antioxidants.
Persistent organochlorine pollutants in human serum of 50-65 years old women in the Flanders Environmental and Health Study (FLEHS). Part 2: Correlations among PCBs, PCDD/PCDFs and the use of predictive markers.
Plasma Membrane Lipids Associated with Genetic Variability in Freezing Tolerance and Cold Acclimation of Solanum Species.
Relationship between diet and blood pressure in a representative Mediterranean population.
Polymorphisms in the DNA repair enzyme XPD are associated with increased levels of PAH-DNA adducts in a case-control study of breast cancer.
Adipose tissue biomarkers of fatty acid intake.
Analysis of total meat intake and exposure to individual heterocyclic amines in a case-control study of colorectal cancer: contribution of metabolic variation to risk.
Effects of perinatal exposure to PCBs and dioxins on play behavior in Dutch children at school age.
Randomized clinical trial of total vs. subtotal hysterectomy: validity of the trial questionnaire.
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
Determination of selected monohydroxy metabolites of 2-, 3- and 4-ring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine by solid-phase microextraction and isotope dilution gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Comparison of the effects of dietary saturated, mono-, and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on blood lipid profile, oxidant stress, prostanoid synthesis and aortic histology in rabbits.
Increasing plasma potassium with amiloride shortens the QT interval and reduces ventricular extrasystoles but does not change endothelial function or heart rate variability in chronic heart failure.
Relationship between serum hormone concentrations, reproductive history, alcohol consumption and genetic polymorphisms in pre-menopausal women.
Effect of CYP1A2 deficiency on heterocyclic amine DNA adduct levels in mice.
Metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in human liver and adipose tissue.
Fasting plasma concentrations of selected flavonoids as markers of their ordinary dietary intake.
Evaluation of mitogen-induced responses in marine mammal and human lymphocytes by in-vitro exposure of butyltins and non-ortho coplanar PCBs.
Validation of a soy food frequency questionnaire with plasma concentrations of isoflavones in US adults.
Cytochrome P450 1B1 mRNA levels in peripheral blood cells and exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Chinese coke oven workers.
High intakes of vegetables, berries, and apples combined with a high intake of linoleic or oleic acid only slightly affect markers of lipid peroxidation and lipoprotein metabolism in healthy subjects.
Inverse association between the effect of carbohydrates on blood glucose and subsequent short-term food intake in young men.
Exposure of garbage truck drivers and maintenance personnel at a waste handling centre to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons derived from diesel exhaust.
Determination of urinary t-t muconic acid as biomarker of environmental benzene intake and its interference factors.
A non-destructive assessment of the exposure of crabs to PAH using ELISA analyses of their urine and haemolymph.
Investigation of the relation between self-reported food consumption and household chemical exposures with urinary levels of selected nonpersistent pesticides.
Polychlorinated biphenyls alter extraneuronal but not tissue dopamine concentrations in adult rat striatum: an in vivo microdialysis study.
Dose-response relationship between total cadmium intake calculated from the cadmium concentration in rice collected from each household of farmers and renal dysfunction in inhabitants of the Jinzu River basin, Japan.
Human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in a residential community.
Inhibition of oocyte development in Japanese medaka (Oryzias latipes) exposed to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Tissue distribution and half-lives of individual polychlorinated biphenyls and serum levels of 4-hydroxy-2,3,3',4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl in the rat.
Validity and reliability of a work history questionnaire derived from the Job Content Questionnaire.
Distribution of PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in umbilical cord and maternal serum.
A wide interindividual variability of urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to free cortisol in 487 healthy Japanese subjects in near basal condition.
Plasma and dietary vitamin E in relation to incidence of type 2 diabetes: The Insulin Resistance and Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS).
Reduction of blood glucose variability in type 1 diabetic patients treated by pancreatic islet transplantation: interest of continuous glucose monitoring.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-inducible DNA adducts: evidence by 32P-postlabeling and use of knockout mice for Ah receptor-independent mechanisms of metabolic activation in vivo.
Effect of the dietary exposure of rat to di(2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate on their metabolic efficiency.
Cadmium in blood and urine--impact of sex, age, dietary intake, iron status, and former smoking--association of renal effects.
The importance of plasma apolipoprotein E concentration in addition to its common polymorphism on inter-individual variation in lipid levels: results from Apo Europe.
Influence of alcohol consumption on the association between serum lipids and colorectal adenomas.
Types of dietary fat and soy minimally affect hormones and biomarkers associated with breast cancer risk in premenopausal women.
Twenty-four-hour blood pressure among Greenlanders and Danes: relationship to diet and lifestyle.
Generation of free radicals and induction of DNA adducts by activation of heterocyclic aromatic amines via different metabolic pathways in vitro.
Semiquantitation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human esophagus by immunohistochemistry and the automated cellular imaging system.
1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in boilermakers.
Prevalence and genomic variability of transfusion transmitted virus in Italian cryptogenic chronic liver disease and healthy blood donors.
On-line clean-up by multidimensional liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry for high throughput quantification of primary and secondary phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Novel markers of susceptibility to carcinogens in diet: associations with colorectal cancer.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in workers exposed to coke oven emissions at various locations in a coke oven plant.
Palladium-catalyzed synthesis of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon epoxide-nucleoside adducts: the first amination of a chloro nucleoside.
Comparison of polychlorinated biphenyl levels across studies of human neurodevelopment.
Comparison of dioxin and PCB concentrations in human breast milk samples from Hong Kong and the Netherlands.
European Concerted Action on Anticoagulation (ECAA): International Normalized Ratio variability of CoaguChek and TAS point-of-care testing whole blood prothrombin time monitors.
Assessment of health effects in New York City firefighters after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs): the Staten Island Transformer Fire Health Surveillance Project.
Human skin condition and its associations with nutrient concentrations in serum and diet.
Polybrominated biphenyl exposure and benign breast disease in a cohort of US women.
Quantitative intra-individual monitoring of BCR-ABL transcript levels in archival bone marrow trephines of patients with chronic myeloid leukemia.
Effects of dietary alpha-linolenic acid from blended oils on biochemical indices of coronary heart disease in Indians.
Intra-individual variations of fasting plasma lipids, apolipoproteins and postprandial lipemia in familial combined hyperlipidemia compared to controls.
Evaluation of day-to-day variability of serial blood glucose concentration curves in diabetic dogs.
Exposure to Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in humans during pregnancy. A preliminary report.
Urinary excretion of dithiocarbamates and self-reported Cruciferous vegetable intake: application of the 'method of triads' to a food-specific biomarker.
Validation of energy intake estimated from a food frequency questionnaire: a doubly labelled water study.
Urinary levels of trichloroacetic acid, a disinfection by-product in chlorinated drinking water, in a human reference population.
Ureteral stent symptom questionnaire: development and validation of a multidimensional quality of life measure.
Association of alcohol consumption with total serum immunoglobulin E levels and allergic sensitization in an adult population-based survey.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in human sperm as a marker of DNA damage and infertility.
Validation of the short form of the Spanish Hypertension Quality of Life Questionnaire (MINICHAL).
Attenuated growth of breast-fed children exposed to increased concentrations of methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Effect of hair care and hair cosmetics on the concentrations of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as markers of chronically elevated alcohol consumption.
Assessment of normal variability in peripheral blood gene expression.
A single site-specific trans-opened 7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene 7,8-diol 9,10-epoxide N2-deoxyguanosine adduct induces mutations at multiple sites in DNA.
Prostate-specific antigen in nipple aspiration fluid: menstrual cycle variability and correlation with serum prostate-specific antigen.
Identification of a toxic mechanism of the plasticizers, phtahlic acid esters, which are putative endocrine disrupters: time-dependent increase in quinolinic acid and its metabolites in rats fed di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate.
Effect of trihalomethane exposure on fetal development.
Arachidonic acid status during pregnancy is associated with polychlorinated biphenyl exposure.
Association of alcohol consumption with white blood cell count: a study of Japanese male office workers.
High variability of plasma drug concentrations in dual protease inhibitor regimens.
Variability in brain and arterial blood temperatures in free-ranging ostriches in their natural habitat.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire in preschool children.
The consumption of processed tomato products enhances plasma lycopene concentrations in association with a reduced lipoprotein sensitivity to oxidative damage.
Moderate antioxidant supplementation has no effect on biomarkers of oxidant damage in healthy men with low fruit and vegetable intakes.
Markers of the validity of reported energy intake.
Urine nitrogen as a biomarker for the validation of dietary protein intake.
Biomarkers of trace mineral intake and status.
Reduced heart rate variability in hypertension: associations with lifestyle factors and plasma renin activity.
Reduction in plasma total homocysteine through increasing folate intake in healthy individuals is not associated with changes in measures of antioxidant activity or oxidant damage.
Relation between sodium intake and blood pressure during sleep in young men.
Direct reduction of N-acetoxy-PhIP by tea polyphenols: a possible mechanism for chemoprevention against PhIP-DNA adduct formation.
Circulating levels of tumor necrosis factor correlate with indexes of depressed heart rate variability: a study in patients with mild-to-moderate heart failure.
Prenatal exposure to low-level polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to mental and motor development at 8 months.
Research strategies and the use of nutrient biomarkers in studies of diet and chronic disease.
Cognitive development in preschool children prenatally exposed to PCBs and MeHg.
Variability of post-methionine load plasma homocysteine assays.
Uses and limitations of statistical accounting for random error correlations, in the validation of dietary questionnaire assessments.
Interindividual variations in constitutive interleukin-10 messenger RNA and protein levels and their association with genetic polymorphisms.
Associations between dietary intake and serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran (PCDD/F) levels in Taiwanese.
Effects of dibutyl phthalate in male rabbits following in utero, adolescent, or postpubertal exposure.
Effects of habitual chitosan intake on bone mass, bone-related metabolic markers and duodenum CaBP D9K mRNA in ovariectomized SHRSP rats.
Effects of polychlorinated biphenyls, kanechlor-500, on serum thyroid hormone levels in rats and mice.
A mortality update of male and female capacitor workers exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Inflammatory response of rat and human neutrophils exposed to di-(2-ethyl-hexyl)-phthalate-plasticized polyvinyl chloride.
Chronic consumption of a flavanol- and procyanindin-rich diet is associated with reduced levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in rat testes.
Analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl residues in human plasma by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Reliability of serum iron, ferritin, nitrite, and association with risk of renal cancer in women.
Peanut consumption improves indices of cardiovascular disease risk in healthy adults.
Review on uremic toxins: classification, concentration, and interindividual variability.
Assessing human polychlorinated biphenyl contamination for epidemiologic studies: lessons from patterns of congener concentrations in Canadians in 1992.
Left ventricular ejection fraction and volumes from gated blood-pool SPECT: comparison with planar gated blood-pool imaging and assessment of repeatability in patients with heart failure.
Oxidative DNA base modifications and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts in squamous cell carcinoma of larynx.
DNA adducts in cultures of polychlorinated biphenyl-treated human hepatocytes.
Decreased sex ratio following maternal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls from contaminated Great Lakes sport-caught fish: a retrospective cohort study.
Induction of transitional cell hyperplasia in the urinary bladder and aberrant crypt foci in the colon of rats treated with individual and a mixture of drinking water disinfection by-products.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess fatty acid intake: comparison with dietary records and serum phospholipid level.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess carotenoids and vitamin C intake: comparison with dietary records and blood level.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study to assess selenium intake: comparison with dietary records and blood levels.
Validity of the self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey for the JPHC Study to assess folate, vitamin B6 and B12 intake: comparison with dietary records and blood level.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess sodium and potassium intake: comparison with dietary records and 24-hour urinary excretion level.
Leptin concentrations in relation to energy balance, milk yield, intake, live weight, and estrus in dairy cows.
Inter- and intraindividual variation of endotoxin- and beta(1 --> 3)-glucan-induced cytokine responses in a whole blood assay.
Determination of three phthalate metabolites in human urine using on-line solid-phase extraction-liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Interindividual variation of serum haloperidol concentrations in Japanese patients--clinical considerations on steady-state serum level-dose ratios.
Dietary soy protein maintains some indices of bone mineral density and bone formation in aged ovariectomized rats.
Biomarker responses and PAH uptake in Mya truncata following exposure to oil-contaminated sediment in an Arctic fjord (Svalbard).
Effects of dietary PCB exposure on adrenocortical function in captive American kestrels (Falco sparverius).
Improved quantitative detection of 11 urinary phthalate metabolites in humans using liquid chromatography-atmospheric pressure chemical ionization tandem mass spectrometry.
Relation between total homocysteine levels and beer intake in patients with diabetes mellitus Type 2.
Individual variability in cyclosporin A sensitivity: the assessment of functional measures on CD28-mediated costimulation of human whole blood T lymphocytes.
Variability of the International Prostate Symptom Score in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Effect of non-hypotensive haemorrhage on plasma catecholamine levels and cardiovascular variability in man.
Incorporation of the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) into fur and correlation with intestinal tumourigenesis in Min/+ mice.
Possible effects of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorinated pesticides on the thyroid after long-term exposure to heavy environmental pollution.
Effect of dietary genistein on cell replication indices in C57BL6 mice.
Analysis of isothiocyanate mercapturic acids in urine: a biomarker for cruciferous vegetable intake.
The human cholesteryl ester transfer protein I405V polymorphism is associated with plasma cholesterol concentration and its reduction by dietary phytosterol esters.
Intake of lignans is associated with serum enterolactone concentration in Finnish men and women.
Dietary and lifestyle factors in relation to plasma insulin-like growth factor I in a general population sample.
Hydroxylated PCBs and other chlorinated phenolic compounds in lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush) blood plasma from the Great Lakes region.
A cross-sectional study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and polymorphism of glutathione S-transferases among heavy smokers by race/ethnicity.
Do the ethanol metabolizing enzymes modify the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure?
Dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of carotenoids and tocopherols in relation to glucose metabolism in subjects at high risk of type 2 diabetes: the Botnia Dietary Study.
Multinational study of reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire in patients with overactive bladder.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls in serum using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with negative chemical ionization for exposure estimation.
Relation among alcohol dehydrogenase 2 polymorphism, alcohol consumption, and levels of gamma-glutamyltransferase.
Genetic effects on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in a Korean population.
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled comparison of the action of orlistat, fluvastatin, or both an anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and lipid profile in obese patients with hypercholesterolemia prescribed a standardized diet.
Associations between diet and the metabolic syndrome vary with the validity of dietary intake data.
Respiratory-related arterial pressure variability as an indicator of graded blood loss: involvement of the autonomic nervous system.
Comparison of biomarker and pathological responses in flounder (Platichthys flesus L.) induced by ingested polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) contamination.
Low plasma concentrations of diet-derived antioxidants in association with microalbuminuria in Indigenous Australian populations.
Detection of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine by direct fluorometric analysis on a solid sorbing phase. Validation and application of the method to biological monitoring of PAH-exposed persons.
Some magnesium status indicators and oxidative metabolism responses to low-dietary magnesium are affected by dietary copper in postmenopausal women.
A cross-sectional study of alcohol consumption patterns and biologic markers of glycemic control among 459 women.
High plasma concentrations of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate in women with endometriosis.
Using intake biomarkers to evaluate the extent of dietary misreporting in a large sample of adults: the OPEN study.
High-pressurized orange juice consumption affects plasma vitamin C, antioxidative status and inflammatory markers in healthy humans.
The relationship between environmental exposures to phthalates and DNA damage in human sperm using the neutral comet assay.
Distribution of methyl sulfone metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE in human tissues.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in maternal and fetal blood samples.
Assessment of pre- and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: lessons from the Inuit Cohort Study.
Reliability of nucleic acid amplification methods for detection of Chlamydia trachomatis in urine: results of the first international collaborative quality control study among 96 laboratories.
Does physical activity energy expenditure explain the between-individual variation in plasma leptin concentrations after adjusting for differences in body composition?
Leukocyte 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine and aromatic DNA adduct in coke-oven workers with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure.
Measuring dietary fatty acid intake:validation of a food-frequency questionnaire against 7 d weighed records.
Interobserver variability of cerebral blood flow measurements obtained using spectral analysis and technetium-99m labeled compounds.
A review on human exposure to brominated flame retardants--particularly polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Validation of two global impression questionnaires for incontinence.
Food composition table-based estimation of energy and major nutrient intake in comparison with chemical analysis: a validation study in Korea.
Regional differences in blood flow and oxygen consumption in resting muscle and their relationship during recovery from exhaustive exercise.
Determination of coplanar and non-coplanar polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by gas chromatography with mass spectrometric detection: electron impact or electron-capture negative ionization?
Comparison of plasma biomarkers with dietary assessment methods for fruit and vegetable intake.
Effects of postnatal exposure to mixtures of non-ortho-PCBs, PCDDs, and PCDFs in prepubertal female rats.
Relation between homocysteine concentrations and the consumption of different types of alcoholic beverages: the French Supplementation with Antioxidant Vitamins and Minerals Study.
Reproducibility over time of measurements of androgens, estrogens and hydroxy estrogens in urine samples from post-menopausal women.
Folate intake assessment: validation of a new approach.
Comparison of estimated renal net acid excretion from dietary intake and body size with urine pH.
Health risks of residential exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Inhibitory effects of (-)-epigallocatechin gallate on the mutation, DNA strand cleavage, and DNA adduct formation by heterocyclic amines.
Quantitative detection of nine phthalate metabolites in human serum using reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry.
Maternal consumption of a high-meat, low-carbohydrate diet in late pregnancy: relation to adult cortisol concentrations in the offspring.
Relationship between PCBs in blood and D-glucaric acid in urine.
Influence of genetic polymorphisms of CYP1A1 and GSTM1 on the urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene.
Gender differences in dietary intakes, anthropometrical measurements and biochemical indices in an urban adult population: the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Elevated blood lead levels associated with the consumption of moonshine among emergency department patients in Atlanta, Georgia.
The relationship between human semen parameters and environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE.
Sulforaphane and quercetin modulate PhIP-DNA adduct formation in human HepG2 cells and hepatocytes.
Variability in end-tidal PCO2 and blood gas values in humans.
Validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire to assess folate status. Results discriminate a high-risk group of women residing on the Mexico-US border.
Neonatal and childhood teeth in relation to perinatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans: observations of the Yucheng children in Taiwan.
Internal exposure of the general population to DEHP and other phthalates--determination of secondary and primary phthalate monoester metabolites in urine.
Validity of a modified CHAMPS physical activity questionnaire among African-Americans.
Greater rise in fat oxidation with medium-chain triglyceride consumption relative to long-chain triglyceride is associated with lower initial body weight and greater loss of subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Diet and serum markers in relation to primary brain tumor risk in China.
Early developmental neurotoxicity of a PCB/organochlorine mixture in rodents after gestational and lactational exposure.
Intake of unsaturated fatty acids and HDL cholesterol levels are associated with manifestations of atopy in adults.
Dietary modification and moderate antioxidant supplementation differentially affect serum carotenoids, antioxidant levels and markers of oxidative stress in older humans.
The DASH diet and sodium reduction improve markers of bone turnover and calcium metabolism in adults.
Reproducibility of plasma insulin kinetics during intraperitoneal insulin treatment by programmable pumps.
Reproducibility over time of the urinary diclofenac/4'-OH diclofenac ratio among different CYP2C9 genotypes.
Prenatal PCB exposure, the corpus callosum, and response inhibition.
Comparison of serum concentration and dietary intake of alpha-tocopherol in a sample of urban and rural Costa Rican adolescents.
Health related quality of life in patients treated with radical cystectomy and urinary diversion for urothelial carcinoma of the bladder: development and validation of a new disease specific questionnaire.
Selected nutritional biomarkers predict diet quality.
Interrelationship between bone turnover markers and dietary calcium intake in pregnant women: a longitudinal study.
Dioxin, dibenzofuran, and coplanar PCB levels in Laotian blood and milk from agent orange-sprayed and nonsprayed areas, 2001.
Levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and Co-PCBs in human milk in Saitama, Japan, and epidemiological research.
Evaluation of urinary N-acetyl cysteinyl allyl isothiocyanate as a biomarker for intake and bioactivity of Brussels sprouts.
Trihalomethane levels in home tap water and semen quality.
A population-based dietary intervention trial in a high-risk area for stomach cancer and stroke: changes in intakes and related biomarkers.
Reproducibility of the circadian rhythms of serum cortisol and melatonin in healthy subjects: a study of three different 24-h cycles over six weeks.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) metabolites in human urine and serum after a single oral dose of deuterium-labelled DEHP.
The relationship of sodium intake to calcium and sodium excretion and bone mineral density of the hip in postmenopausal African-American and Caucasian women.
Hydroxylated and methylsulfone-containing metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in the plasma and blubber of bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus).
Developmental toxicity of in ovo exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls: II. Effects of maternal or paternal exposure on second-generation nestling american kestrels.
Potential human cancer risks from exposure to PCBs: a tale of two evaluations.
Prenatal exposures to phthalates among women in New York City and Krakow, Poland.
In utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and duration of human pregnancy.
Reproducibility and validity of the Diet Quality Index Revised as assessed by use of a food-frequency questionnaire.
Genetic polymorphisms and modulation of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in human lymphocytes.
Biochemical and toxicopathic biomarkers assessed in smallmouth bass recovered from a polychlorinated biphenyl-contaminated river.
Environmental, dietary, demographic, and activity variables associated with biomarkers of exposure for benzene and lead.
Space-use strategy is an important determinant of PCB concentrations in female polar bears in the Barents Sea.
Relationship between serum leptin levels and alcohol consumption in a controlled feeding and alcohol ingestion study.
Reproducibility and validity of the Shanghai Women's Health Study physical activity questionnaire.
Effect of dietary protein on lean body wasting in dogs: correlation between loss of lean mass and markers of proteasome-dependent proteolysis.
[13C]Nandrolone excretion in trained athletes: interindividual variability in metabolism.
Plasma levels of retinol, carotenoids, and tocopherols in relation to dietary pattern among pregnant Tanzanian women.
Suppressive effect of viscous dietary fiber on elevations of uric acid in serum and urine induced by dietary RNA in rats is associated with strength of viscosity.
Lack of an association between environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE and DNA damage in human sperm measured using the neutral comet assay.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms in metabolic enzymes on the relationships between 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine levels in human leukocytes and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 2-naphthol concentrations.
Serum fatty acid composition in primary school children is associated with serum cholesterol levels and dietary fat intake.
Serum hormone characterization and exogeneous hormone rescue of bromodichloromethane-induced pregnancy loss in the F344 rat.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and attention at school age.
Serum PCDD/F concentration distribution in residents living in the vicinity of an incinerator and its association with predicted ambient dioxin exposure.
Infant exposure to polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and biphenyls (PCDD/Fs, PCBs)--correlation between prenatal and postnatal exposure.
Environmental exposure to PCBs and cancer incidence in eastern Slovakia.
Human variability in the renal elimination of foreign compounds and renal excretion-related uncertainty factors for risk assessment.
Dietary linolenic acid is inversely associated with plasma triacylglycerol: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Validation of a Spanish version of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire.
Dietary iron intake and blood donations in relation to risk of type 2 diabetes in men: a prospective cohort study.
The association between magnesium intake and fasting insulin concentration in healthy middle-aged women.
Effect of dietary constituents with chemopreventive potential on adduct formation of a low dose of the heterocyclic amines PhIP and IQ and phase II hepatic enzymes.
Concentration of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair of alcoholics: comparison to other biological state markers and self reported-ethanol intake.
r-1,t-2,3,c-4-Tetrahydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydrophenanthrene in human urine: a potential biomarker for assessing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolic activation.
Biomarker responses and chemical analyses in fish indicate leakage of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and other compounds from car tire rubber.
Male reproductive tract lesions at 6, 12, and 18 months of age following in utero exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate.
Within-person variability of urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to urinaryl ratios in Caucasian women.
Worker exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls in elastic polysulphide sealant renovation.
Reliability of erector spinae oxygenation and blood volume responses using near-infrared spectroscopy in healthy males.
Formation and mass spectrometric analysis of DNA and nucleoside adducts by S-(1-acetoxymethyl)glutathione and by glutathione S-transferase-mediated activation of dihalomethanes.
The relationship between plasma endothelin-1, nitric oxide levels, and heart rate variability in patients with coronary slow flow.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-deoxyribonucleic acid (PAH-DNA) adduct levels and exposure to coke oven emissions among workers in Taiwan.
Alcohol consumption, homeostasis model assessment indices and blood pressure in middle-aged healthy men.
Identification of hydroxylated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in Baltic Sea salmon (Salmo salar) blood.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as an indicator for assessing the exposures of booth attendants of a highway toll station to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Albumin adducts of naphthalene metabolites as biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Critical review of dietary caffeine and blood pressure: a relationship that should be taken more seriously.
Reproducibility of SELDI-TOF protein patterns in serum: comparing datasets from different experiments.
Proapoptotic activated T-cells in the blood of children with Down's syndrome: relationship with dietary antigens and intestinal alterations.
Sensitive biomonitoring of phthalate metabolites in human urine using packed capillary column switching liquid chromatography coupled to electrospray ionization ion-trap mass spectrometry.
The relationship between environmental exposure to phthalates and computer-aided sperm analysis motion parameters.
Criterion validity, test-retest reliability and sensitivity to change of the St George Urinary Incontinence Score.
Adiponectin gene expression and plasma values in obese women during very-low-calorie diet. Relationship with cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance.
Relationship between plasma fatty acid composition and diet over previous years in the Italian centers of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and t,t-muconic acid as biomarkers of exposure to environmental pollutants in two areas in Italy (EPIC-Florence and Ragusa).
Yucheng: health effects of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Critical evaluation of a high-throughput analytical method for polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum: which detector for the establishment of the reference values?
Submaximal exercise in persons with stroke: test-retest reliability and concurrent validity with maximal oxygen consumption.
Fetal heart rate and blood flow velocity variability in the presence of increased nuchal translucency: a preliminary study.
Gated blood pool SPECT improves reproducibility of right and left ventricular Fourier phase analysis in radionuclide angiography.
Reliability of the rapid bedside whole-blood quantitative cardiac troponin T assay in the diagnosis of myocardial injury in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
The dietary glycemic index during pregnancy: influence on infant birth weight, fetal growth, and biomarkers of carbohydrate metabolism.
Reproducibility of circadian retinal and optic nerve head blood flow measurements by Heidelberg retina flowmetry.
Diet score is associated with plasma homocysteine in a healthy institutionalised elderly population.
Intrapatient variability of efavirenz concentrations as a predictor of virologic response to antiretroviral therapy.
Variability of plasma anti-Xa activities with different lots of enoxaparin.
Current status of carbohydrate deficient transferrin, total serum sialic acid, sialic acid index of apolipoprotein J and serum beta-hexosaminidase as markers for alcohol consumption.
Intakes of antioxidants in coffee, wine, and vegetables are correlated with plasma carotenoids in humans.
Dietary fat type affects vitamins C and E and biomarkers of oxidative status in peripheral and brain tissues of golden Syrian hamsters.
Initial analysis of variability among basal hormone biomarkers of ovarian reserve.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the environment and in people: a meta-analysis of concentrations.
Blood burden of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and its primary metabolite mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in pregnant and nonpregnant rats and marmosets.
Mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
Urinary levels of seven phthalate metabolites in the U.S. population from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2000.
Ambient particulate air pollution, heart rate variability, and blood markers of inflammation in a panel of elderly subjects.
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in serum samples of Egyptian Vulture (Neophron percnopterus) from Spain.
PCDD/Fs levels in indoor environments and blood of workers of three municipal waste incinerators in Taiwan.
Levels of PCB 126 and PCB 153 in plasma and tissues in goats exposed during gestation and lactation.
Long-term effects of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate diet on weight control and cardiovascular risk markers in obese hyperinsulinemic subjects.
The variability of liver graft function and urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratio during liver regeneration in liver transplant recipients.
Interindividual variation in the ratio between plasma morphine and its metabolites in cancer patients.
Within-person variation in serum lipids: implications for clinical trials.
Kinetics of orally administered di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and its metabolite, mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, in male pigs.
Toxicity of hydroxylated and quinoid PCB metabolites: inhibition of gap junctional intercellular communication and activation of aryl hydrocarbon and estrogen receptors in hepatic and mammary cells.
Biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from environmental air pollution.
Determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in beef extract, cooked meat and rat urine by liquid chromatography with coulometric electrode array detection.
Estimates of heterocyclic amine intake in the US population.
Formation and analysis of heterocyclic aromatic amine-DNA adducts in vitro and in vivo.
Genetic variability of the pattern of night melatonin blood levels in relation to coat changes development in rabbits.
High-throughput analysis of human serum for selected polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) by gas chromatography-isotope dilution time-of-flight mass spectrometry (GC-IDTOFMS).
Intra-individual variation of serum prostate specific antigen levels in men with benign prostate biopsies.
Increased dietary protein elevates plasma uric acid and is associated with decreased oxidative stress in rapidly-growing broilers.
Association between serum gamma-glutamyltransferase and dietary factors: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.
Intraindividual variation in serum retinol concentrations among participants in the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1988-1994.
Semiautomated high-throughput extraction and cleanup method for the measurement of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polybrominated biphenyls, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Investigation of the reliability of 24 h urine excretion as a biomarker of isoflavone exposure over time and over a wide range of isoflavone intakes.
Plasma carotenoid levels in Dutch men and women, and the relation with vegetable and fruit consumption.
Effects of usual nutrient intake and vitamin D status on markers of bone turnover in Swiss adolescents.
High sodium intake strengthens the association between angiotensinogen T174M polymorphism and blood pressure levels among lean men and women: a community-based study.
Syntheses of DNA adducts of two heterocyclic amines, 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeAalphaC) and 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC) and identification of DNA adducts in organs from rats dosed with MeAalphaC.
Phthalate exposure and pulmonary function.
Fractional moving blood volume estimation in the fetal lung using power Doppler ultrasound: a reproducibility study.
Optimization of a clean-up procedure for the determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in urine by field-amplified sample injection-capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry.
Risk assessment of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate released from PVC blood circuits during hemodialysis and pump-oxygenation therapy.
Validation of diagnostic tests for determination of magnesium status in horses with reduced magnesium intake.
Intra-laboratory analytical variability of biochemical markers of fibrosis (Fibrotest) and activity (Actitest) and reference ranges in healthy blood donors.
Validation of a soy questionnaire with repeated dietary recalls and urinary isoflavone assessments over one year.
Low hepatic 7-ethoxyresorufin-O-deethylase (EROD) activity and minor alterations in retinoid and thyroid hormone levels in flounder (Platichthys flesus) exposed to the polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) mixture, Clophen A50.
Levels of selected individual polychlorinated biphenyls in different tissues of harbour seals (phoca vitulina) from the Southern coast of Norway.
Increased sensitivity to dietary cholesterol in diabetic and hypothyroid rats associated with low levels of hepatic HMG-CoA reductase expression.
Validity and reliability of a questionnaire to measure the impact of lower urinary tract symptoms on quality of life: the Leicester Impact Scale.
Reproducibility, validity, and responsiveness to change of a short questionnaire for measuring fruit and vegetable intake.
Excretion of metabolites in urine and faeces from rats dosed with the heterocyclic amine, 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC).
Analysis of human urine for fifteen phthalate metabolites using automated solid-phase extraction.
A moderately high intake compared to a low intake of zinc depresses magnesium balance and alters indices of bone turnover in postmenopausal women.
Variability in normative urine flow rates.
Retrospective time-trend study of polybrominated diphenyl ether and polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyl levels in human serum from the United States.
Medications as a source of human exposure to phthalates.
Interindividual variation in abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue: influence of measurement site.
Reliability of hepatitis C virus core antigen assay for detection of viremia in HCV genotypes 1, 2, 3, and 4 infected blood donors: a collaborative study between Japan, Egypt, and Uzbekistan.
Variability and reliability of single serum IGF-I measurements: impact on determining predictability of risk ratios in disease development.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in children urine using column-switching liquid chromatography and fluorescence detection.
Impact of environmental exposures on the mutagenicity/carcinogenicity of heterocyclic amines.
Chronic exposure to dibromoacetic acid, a water disinfection byproduct, diminishes primordial follicle populations in the rabbit.
Formic acid excretion in rats and mice exposed to bromodichloromethane: a possible link to renal tubule cell proliferation in long-term studies.
Changes in some hormones by low doses of di (2-ethyl hexyl) phthalate (DEHP), a commonly used plasticizer in PVC blood storage bags & medical tubing.
Naphthalene and its biomarkers as measures of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Identification of metabolites in urine and feces from rats dosed with the heterocyclic amine, 2-amino-3-methyl-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (MeA alpha C).
The association of serum lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins with selected trace elements and minerals in phenylketonuric patients on diet.
Dietary fatty acids affect plasma markers of inflammation in healthy men fed controlled diets: a randomized crossover study.
Phytoestrogen concentrations in serum and spot urine as biomarkers for dietary phytoestrogen intake and their relation to breast cancer risk in European prospective investigation of cancer and nutrition-norfolk.
Effects of reduced cigarette smoking on levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine.
A novel, point-of-care test for lithium levels: description and reliability.
Efavirenz plasma concentrations in HIV-infected patients: inter- and intraindividual variability and clinical effects.
Variability of plasma aprotinin concentrations in pediatric patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
Adipose tissue levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Alcohol consumption and inflammatory markers in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Development of two novel CYP-antibodies and their use in a PCB exposure experiment with Mytilus edulis.
Urinary PAH metabolites as biomarkers of exposure in aquatic environments.
Negative relationship between fasting plasma ghrelin concentrations and ad libitum food intake.
Postprandial response of plasma ghrelin levels to various test meals in relation to food intake, plasma insulin, and glucose.
Relationship between content and activity of cytochrome P450 and induction of heterocyclic amine DNA adducts in human liver samples in vivo and in vitro.
Development and validation of the insulin treatment satisfaction questionnaire.
Parental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and the risk of childhood brain tumors: The SEARCH International Childhood Brain Tumor Study.
Evaluation of reliability for urine mucopolysaccharidosis screening by dimethylmethylene blue and Berry spot tests.
Examples of the marked variability in the relationship between the serum CA-125 antigen level and cancer-related symptoms in ovarian cancer.
Effects of perinatal exposure to low doses of PCB 153 and PCB 126 on lymphocyte proliferation and hematology in goat kids.
Commonly consumed and naturally occurring dietary substances affect biomarkers of oxidative stress and DNA damage in healthy rats.
Dietary habits and plasma fatty acids levels in a population of Italian children: is there any relationship?
The effect of dietary n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on femur mineral density and biomarkers of bone metabolism in healthy, diabetic and dietary-restricted growing rats.
Nutrient intakes; biochemical and risk indices associated with Type 2 diabetes and glycosylated haemoglobin, in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Effects of trans- and n-3 unsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular risk markers in healthy males. An 8 weeks dietary intervention study.
Kava use, dyslipidaemia and biomarkers of dietary quality in Aboriginal people in Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory (NT), Australia.
Autoantibodies and levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in persons living near a hazardous waste treatment facility.
Effects of polyunsaturated fatty acids on prostaglandin synthesis and cyclooxygenase-mediated DNA adduct formation by heterocyclic aromatic amines in human adenocarcinoma colon cells.
Seasonal changes in markers of oxidative damage to lipids and DNA; correlations with seasonal variation in diet.
Consumption of (n-3) fatty acids is related to plasma biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation in women.
Relationships of nutrient intake and lifestyle-related factors to serum folate and plasma homocysteine concentrations in 30-69 year-old Japanese.
Quality of life and self-rated health in relation to changes in fruit and vegetable intake and in plasma vitamins C and E in a randomised trial of behavioural and nutritional education counselling.
Hypolipidemic effects of crude extract of adlay seed (Coix lachrymajobi var. mayuen) in obesity rat fed high fat diet: relations of TNF-alpha and leptin mRNA expressions and serum lipid levels.
Randomized controlled trial of dietary intervention: association between level of urinary phenolics and anti-mutagenicity.
Genetic variation in CYP11B2 and AT1R influences heart rate variability conditional on sodium excretion.
Biomarkers of dietary fatty acid intake and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Improved method for determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Determination of trace-level haloacetic acids in drinking water by ion chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry.
Relationship between serum, red cell, urinary and dietary magnesium in a middle-aged French adult population.
Increased urinary excretion of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in engine room personnel exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Urinary excretion half life of trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to chlorinated drinking water disinfection by-products.
Weight loss leads to reductions in inflammatory biomarkers after a very-low-carbohydrate diet and a low-fat diet in overweight men.
Antisera to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their application on the detection of chemical carcinogens in blood sera of oncological patients.
Pharmacokinetics of two major hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyl metabolites with specific retention in rat blood.
Consumption of blood products during mechanical circulatory support in children: comparison between ECMO and a pulsatile ventricular assist device.
Non-smoking coke oven workers show an occupational PAH exposure-related increase in urinary mutagens.
4-Heptanone is a metabolite of the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) in haemodialysis patients.
Air levels of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons after the World Trade Center disaster.
Identification of cereal alkylresorcinol metabolites in human urine-potential biomarkers of wholegrain wheat and rye intake.
Quantifying reproducibility for differential proteomics: noise analysis for protein liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry of human serum.
Applicability of the black slug Arion ater for monitoring exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their subsequent bioactivation into DNA binding metabolites.
The relationship between levels of PCBs and pesticides in human hair and blood: preliminary result.
Fetal exposure to PCBs and their hydroxylated metabolites in a Dutch cohort.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure among asphalt paving workers.
Influence of an industrial waste incinerator as assessed by the levels and congener patterns of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and polychlorinated dibenzofurans.
Paraoxonase activity in Greek migrants and Anglo-Celtic persons in the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study: relationship to dietary markers.
Rapid biomonitoring of heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine by tandem solvent solid phase extraction liquid chromatography electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.
Effects of occupational polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure on T-lymphocyte functions and natural killer cell activity in asphalt and coke oven workers.
In utero exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and sensorineural hearing loss in 8-year-old children.
High-throughput analysis of phthalate esters in human serum by direct immersion SPME followed by isotope dilution-fast GC/MS.
Comparison of 1-hydroxypyrene exposure in the US population with that in occupational exposure studies.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in serum and time to pregnancy.
Non-invasive biomarkers of oxidative stress: reproducibility and methodological issues.
Ethnic differences in diet and associations with clinical markers of prostate disease in New Zealand men.
Fruit and vegetable consumption is inversely associated with blood pressure in a Mediterranean population with a high vegetable-fat intake: the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) Study.
Effects of gestational and lactational exposure to low doses of PCBs 126 and 153 on anterior pituitary and gonadal hormones and on puberty in female goats.
Temporal variability of urinary levels of nonpersistent insecticides in adult men.
Dietary habits and nutritional biomarkers in Italian type 1 diabetes families: evidence of unhealthy diet and combined-vitamin-deficient intakes.
Dietary phylloquinone intake as a potential marker for a heart-healthy dietary pattern in the Framingham Offspring cohort.
Relationship between blood lead concentration and dietary intakes of infants from 3 to 12 months of age.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers: human tissue levels and toxicology.
Modified comet assay as a biomarker of sodium dichromate-induced oxidative DNA damage: optimization and reproducibility.
Specific non-coplanar PCB-mediated modulation of bottlenose dolphin and beluga whale phagocytosis upon in vitro exposure.
The p53 protein influences the sensitivity of testicular germ cells to mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate-induced apoptosis by increasing the membrane levels of Fas and DR5 and decreasing the intracellular amount of c-FLIP.
The effects of coadministration of dietary copper and zinc supplements on atherosclerosis, antioxidant enzymes and indices of lipid peroxidation in the cholesterol-fed rabbit.
Concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and the risk for testicular cancer.
Effect of a mediterranean-style diet on endothelial dysfunction and markers of vascular inflammation in the metabolic syndrome: a randomized trial.
Dietary cholesterol does not increase biomarkers for chronic disease in a pediatric population from northern Mexico.
Associations between coffee consumption and inflammatory markers in healthy persons: the ATTICA study.
Major dietary patterns are related to plasma concentrations of markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
Reproducibility and validity of simple questions to identify urinary incontinence in elderly women.
Evidence for increased internal exposure to lower chlorinated polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in pupils attending a contaminated school.
Reduced nucleotide excision repair and GSTM1-null genotypes influence anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct levels in mononuclear white blood cells of highly PAH-exposed coke oven workers.
Soymilk intake is associated with plasma and liver lipid profiles in rats fed a high-cholesterol diet.
Exploring nonlinear association between prenatal methylmercury exposure from fish consumption and child development: evaluation of the Seychelles Child Development Study nine-year data using semiparametric additive models.
Evaluation of the effect of the concentration of plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate on the quantity of residual monomer vinyl chloride in PVC chest drainage tubes.
Validation of a food-frequency questionnaire assessment of carotenoid and vitamin E intake using weighed food records and plasma biomarkers: the method of triads model.
Effect of dietary-induced metabolic acidosis and ovariectomy on bone mineral density and markers of bone turnover.
Male Sexual Health Questionnaire (MSHQ): scale development and psychometric validation.
Reproducibility of blood flow and post-occlusive reactive hyperaemia as measured by venous occlusion plethysmography.
Moderate alcohol intake and markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction among diabetic men.
Contribution of multidrug resistance protein 2 (MRP2/ABCC2) to the renal excretion of p-aminohippurate (PAH) and identification of MRP4 (ABCC4) as a novel PAH transporter.
Neuroendocrine testing in community patients with heart disease: plasma N-terminal proatrial natriuretic peptide predicts morbidity and mortality stronger than catecholamines and heart rate variability.
Neonatal exposure to di(n-butyl) phthalate (DBP) alters male reproductive-tract development.
Environmental PCB exposure and risk of endometriosis.
Consumption of high-pressurized vegetable soup increases plasma vitamin C and decreases oxidative stress and inflammatory biomarkers in healthy humans.
Measurement of selected polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides in human serum and milk using comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography isotope dilution time-of-flight mass spectrometry.
Forensic confirmatory analysis of ethyl sulfate--a new marker for alcohol consumption--by liquid-chromatography/electrospray ionization/tandem mass spectrometry.
The associations between smoking, physical activity, dietary habits and plasma homocysteine levels in cardiovascular disease-free people: the 'ATTICA' study.
Urinary isoflavonoid excretion is inversely associated with the ratio of protein to dietary fibre intake in young women.
Diurnal changes in hypothalamic neuropeptide and SOCS-3 expression: effects of lactation and relationship with serum leptin and food intake.
Use of fatty acids to explain variability of organochlorine concentrations in eggs and plasma of common terns (Sterna hirundo).
Weight reduction, but not a moderate intake of fish oil, lowers concentrations of inflammatory markers and PAI-1 antigen in obese men during the fasting and postprandial state.
Homocysteine as a risk factor for coronary heart diseases and its association with inflammatory biomarkers, lipids and dietary factors.
Mass spectrometric analysis of 7-sulfoxymethyl-12-methylbenz[a]anthracene and related electrophilic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Maternal exposure to Great Lakes sport-caught fish and dichlorodiphenyl dichloroethylene, but not polychlorinated biphenyls, is associated with reduced birth weight.
Association between diet, lifestyle, metabolic cardiovascular risk factors, and plasma C-reactive protein levels.
Effects of two prototypic polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) on lipid composition of rat liver and serum.
Clinical correlation between the consumption of nicotine and cotinine concentrations in urine and serum by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Antioxidant role of zinc in PCB (Aroclor 1254) exposed ventral prostate of albino rats.
Assessment of variability of renal blood flow Doppler parameters during the menstrual cycle in women.
Interindividual and intraindividual variability of the urinary 6beta-Hydroxycortisol/Cortisol ratio in Chinese subjects: implications of its use for evaluating CYP3A activity.
Investigation of the elemental composition and chemical association of several elements in fulvic acids dietary supplements by size-exclusion chromatography UV inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometric.
Prepartum plasma estradiol and postpartum cortisol, but not oxytocin, are associated with interindividual and breed differences in the expression of maternal behaviour in sheep.
LC-MS/MS analysis of dextromethorphan metabolism in human saliva and urine to determine CYP2D6 phenotype and individual variability in N-demethylation and glucuronidation.
Evaluation of four capillary columns for the analysis of organochlorine pesticides, polychlorinated biphenyls, and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum for epidemiologic studies.
Evaluation of biological monitoring markers using genomic and proteomic analysis for automobile emission inspectors and waste incinerating workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons or 2,3,7,8,-tetracholrodedibenzo-p-dioxins.
A novel method for the detection of bacteria in platelet concentrates utilizing oxygen consumption as a marker for bacterial growth.
Effects of concomitant fluvoxamine on the plasma concentration of etizolam in Japanese psychiatric patients: wide interindividual variation in the drug interaction.
Overall alcohol intake, beer, wine, and systemic markers of inflammation in western Europe: results from three MONICA samples (Augsburg, Glasgow, Lille).
Plasma GLP-2 levels and intestinal markers in the juvenile pig during intestinal adaptation: effects of different diet regimens.
Effect of 'PC Game Room' use and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure on plasma testosterone concentrations in young male Koreans.
Maternal protein intake is not associated with infant blood pressure.
Nutrient intake and urine composition in calcium oxalate stone-forming dogs: comparison with healthy dogs and impact of dietary modification.
Psychometric properties and validation of the German-language King's Health Questionnaire in women with stress urinary incontinence.
Sorbent-assisted liquid-liquid extraction (Chem-Elut) of polychlorinated biphenyls, dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in the lipid fraction of human blood plasma.
Serum polychlorinated biphenyls, cytochrome P-450 1A1 polymorphisms, and risk of breast cancer in Connecticut women.
Genetic variants of ApoE account for variability of plasma low-density lipoprotein and apolipoprotein B levels in FHBL.
Stable isotopes in breath, blood, feces and feathers can indicate intra-individual changes in the diet of migratory songbirds.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human blood samples from Korea.
PCBs and DDT in the serum of juvenile California sea lions: associations with vitamins A and E and thyroid hormones.
Phthalate exposure and reproductive hormones in adult men.
Dietary methoxychlor exposure modulates splenic natural killer cell activity, antibody-forming cell response and phenotypic marker expression in F0 and F1 generations of Sprague Dawley rats.
Polymorphism in the DNA repair gene XPD, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, and breast cancer risk.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in prostate cancer.
Metabolism of polychlorinated biphenyls by Gunn rats: identification and serum retention of catechol metabolites.
Comparative metabolism of polychlorinated biphenyls and tissue distribution of persistent metabolites in rats, hamsters, and Guinea pigs.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls selectively bind transthyretin in blood and inhibit amyloidogenesis: rationalizing rodent PCB toxicity.
Postnatal diet-induced obesity in rats upregulates systemic and adipose tissue glucocorticoid metabolism during development and in adulthood: its relationship with the metabolic syndrome.
High intake of saturated fat and early occurrence of specific biomarkers may explain the prevalence of chronic disease in northern Mexico.
Human colon microbiota transform polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to estrogenic metabolites.
Decomposition of benzene in the RF plasma environment. Part II. Formation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Phase 1 study of multiple biomarkers for metabolism and oxidative stress after one-week intake of broccoli sprouts.
Reliability of urinary tests for antibody to Helicobacter pylori in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis.
Dietary intake of differently fed salmon; the influence on markers of human atherosclerosis.
High reproducibility of serum anti-Mullerian hormone measurements suggests a multi-staged follicular secretion and strengthens its role in the assessment of ovarian follicular status.
Lower within-subject variability of fasting blood glucose and reduced weight gain with insulin detemir compared to NPH insulin in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Early dietary intervention: long-term effects on blood pressure, brain neuropeptide Y, and adiposity markers.
Effects of di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) and its metabolites on fatty acid homeostasis regulating proteins in rat placental HRP-1 trophoblast cells.
Evaluation of the orthogonal projection on latent structure model limitations caused by chemical shift variability and improved visualization of biomarker changes in 1H NMR spectroscopic metabonomic studies.
Effects of black tea consumption on plasma catechins and markers of oxidative stress and inflammation in patients with coronary artery disease.
Metabolism of antioxidant and chemopreventive ellagitannins from strawberries, raspberries, walnuts, and oak-aged wine in humans: identification of biomarkers and individual variability.
Cytochrome P450 1A1 and 1B1 in human blood lymphocytes are not suitable as biomarkers of exposure to dioxin-like compounds: polymorphisms and interindividual variation in expression and inducibility.
Biological monitoring of the five major metabolites of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) in human urine using column-switching liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Measurement reproducibility in the early stages of biomarker development.
Biomonitoring of persistent organochlorine pesticides, PCDD/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in blood of children from South West Germany (Baden-Wuerttemberg) from 1993 to 2003.
Phytoestrogen exposure correlation with plasma estradiol in postmenopausal women in European Prospective Investigation of Cancer and Nutrition-Norfolk may involve diet-gene interactions.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: concerns and approaches for cohort and gender issues in serum metabolome studies.
Diet-induced weight loss is associated with decreases in plasma serum amyloid a and C-reactive protein independent of dietary macronutrient composition in obese subjects.
Acanthopanax senticosus extract prepared from cultured cells decreases adiposity and obesity indices in C57BL/6J mice fed a high fat diet.
Effect of dietary supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid on markers of calcium and bone metabolism in healthy adult men.
A low protein diet causes an increase in the basal levels and variability of mean arterial pressure and heart rate in Fisher rats.
Relation of nutrient intake to microalbuminuria in nondiabetic middle-aged men and women: International Population Study on Macronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP).
Modeling vitellogenesis in female fish exposed to environmental stressors: predicting the effects of endocrine disturbance due to exposure to a PCB mixture and cadmium.
Congener-specific analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl in human blood from Japanese.
Carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and mechanism of action.
Association of ambulatory blood pressure and dietary caffeine in adolescents.
Relation of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake to serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol among Japanese men in Japan and Japanese-American men in Hawaii: the INTERLIPID study.
Evaluation of interactions between CCK and GLP-1 in their effects on appetite, energy intake, and antropyloroduodenal motility in healthy men.
Assessment of the long-term reproducibility of baseline and dobutamine-induced myocardial blood flow in patients with stable coronary artery disease.
Serum antioxidant levels in Yusho victims over 30 years after the accidental poisoning of polychlorinated biphenyls in Nagasaki, Japan.
Plasma concentration of folate as a biomarker for the intake of fruit and vegetables: the Hordaland Homocysteine Study.
Two food-borne heterocyclic amines: metabolism and DNA adduct formation of amino-alpha-carbolines.
Development and validation of a food-frequency questionnaire for the determination of detailed fatty acid intakes.
Cerebral blood flow volume measurements with ultrasound: Interobserver reproducibility in preterm and term neonates.
Immunofluorescent detection of 8-oxo-dG and PAH bulky adducts in fish liver and mussel digestive gland.
Physiological and genetic responses of European eel (Anguilla anguilla L.) to short-term chromium or copper exposure-Influence of preexposure to a PAH-like compound.
Effects of blood orange juice intake on antioxidant bioavailability and on different markers related to oxidative stress.
Functional relationships among selenium concentrations in the diet, target tissues, and nondestructive tissue samples of two species of snakes.
Kinetics of nucleotide incorporation opposite polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts by processive bacteriophage T7 DNA polymerase.
Dose dependency and individual variability in selected clinical, haematological and blood biochemical responses after systemic lipopolysaccharide challenge in cattle.
Genotoxic risk assessment in white blood cells of occupationally exposed workers before and after alteration of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) profile in the production material: comparison with PAH air and urinary metabolite levels.
Neuromotor functions in Inuit preschool children exposed to Pb, PCBs, and Hg.
Dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among road pavers.
Chromosomal aberrations in cord blood are associated with prenatal exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Dietary evaluation and attenuation of relative risk: multiple comparisons between blood and urinary biomarkers, food frequency, and 24-hour recall questionnaires: the DEARR study.
Whole-grain rye bread consumption by women correlates with plasma alkylresorcinols and increases their concentration compared with low-fiber wheat bread.
Fatigue-related impairment in the speed, accuracy and variability of psychomotor performance: comparison with blood alcohol levels.
Necessity to measure PCBs and organochlorine pesticide concentrations in human umbilical cords for fetal exposure assessment.
Numbers of antral follicles during follicular waves in cattle: evidence for high variation among animals, very high repeatability in individuals, and an inverse association with serum follicle-stimulating hormone concentrations.
Consumption of a high calcium mineral water lowers biochemical indices of bone remodeling in postmenopausal women with low calcium intake.
Systemic effects and skin injury after experimental dermal exposure to monochloroacetic acid.
Low mineral intake is associated with high systolic blood pressure in the Third and Fourth National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys: could we all be right?
The association between blood metal concentrations and heart rate variability: a cross-sectional study.
Effects of chronic sleep deprivation on autonomic activity by examining heart rate variability, plasma catecholamine, and intracellular magnesium levels.
Changes in iodine excretion in 50-69-y-old denizens of an Arctic society in transition and iodine excretion as a biomarker of the frequency of consumption of traditional Inuit foods.
Synthesis of adducts of o-quinone metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with 2'-deoxyribonucleosides.
DNA adduct formation of 14 heterocyclic aromatic amines in mouse tissue after oral administration and characterization of the DNA adduct formed by 2-amino-9H-pyrido[2,3-b]indole (AalphaC), analysed by 32P_HPLC.
Validation of a simple patient questionnaire to assist self-detection of overactive bladder. A study in general practice.
A urinary metabolite of phenanthrene as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolic activation in workers exposed to residual oil fly ash.
AT1-receptor antagonism reverses the blood pressure elevation associated with diet-induced obesity.
Formation of a mutagenic heterocyclic aromatic amine from creatinine in urine of meat eaters and vegetarians.
Is 24-hour urinary calcium a surrogate marker for dietary calcium intake?
Variability of serum levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin 6, and soluble interleukin 6 receptor over 2 years in young women.
Inter-individual and intra-individual variability in TNF-alpha production by human peripheral blood cells in vitro.
The influence of moderate red wine consumption on antioxidant status and indices of oxidative stress associated with CHD in healthy volunteers.
PCB contamination from polysulphide sealants in residential areas-exposure and risk assessment.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase in the evaluation of alcohol consumption. A five-year retrospective study of 633 outpatients in a single center.
Comparison of serum fatty acid ethyl esters and urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol as biochemical markers of recent ethanol consumption.
Costa Rican adolescents have a deleterious nutritional profile as compared to adults in terms of lower dietary and plasma concentrations of antioxidant micronutrients.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in U.S. computers and domestic carpet vacuuming: possible sources of human exposure.
Carbohydrate intake is correlated with biomarkers for coronary heart disease in a population of overweight premenopausal women.
Twenty-week exposures to the drinking water disinfection by-product dibromoacetic acid: reproductive cyclicity and steroid concentrations in the female Sprague-Dawley rat.
Occupation, exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and laryngeal cancer risk.
High exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons may contribute to high risk of esophageal cancer in northeastern Iran.
Association between dietary factors and plasma adiponectin concentrations in men.
Applicability of the stages of change model for analyzing fruit and vegetable intake in relation to urinary potassium excretion: baseline results from the High-Risk and Population Strategy for Occupational Health Promotion (HIPOP-OHP) Study.
A review of analytical methods for the determination of trichloroethylene and its major metabolites chloral hydrate, trichloroacetic acid and dichloroacetic acid.
The relationship of magnesium intake to serum and urinary calcium and magnesium levels in Trinidadian stone formers.
Significant intestinal excretion, one source of variability in pharmacokinetics of COL-3, a chemically modified tetracycline.
Urinary metabolites of di-n-octyl phthalate in rats.
Evaluation of matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry proteomic profiling: identification of alpha 2-HS glycoprotein B-chain as a biomarker of diet.
Preanalytical variability in laboratory testing: influence of the blood drawing technique.
Transfusion-related exposure to the plasticizer di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in patients receiving plateletpheresis concentrates.
Synthesis of DEHP metabolites as biomarkers for GC-MS evaluation of phthalates as endocrine disrupters.
Epidemiology of prolapse and incontinence questionnaire: validation of a new epidemiologic survey.
Effects of including soy protein in a blood cholesterol-lowering diet on markers of cardiac risk in men and in postmenopausal women with and without hormone replacement therapy.
Determination of 16 phthalate metabolites in urine using automated sample preparation and on-line preconcentration/high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
Diet and biomarkers of oxidative damage in women previously treated for breast cancer.
Current external and internal exposure to naphthalene of workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in different industries.
Should minimal blood glucose variability become the gold standard of glycemic control?
Prevalence of urinary incontinence in relation to self-reported depression, intake of serotonergic antidepressants, and hormone therapy in middle-aged women: a report from the Women's Health in the Lund Area study.
Reliability of reporting of self-monitoring of blood glucose in pregnant women.
Evaluation and analysis of exposure levels of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate from blood bags.
Congener profiles of PCBs and PCDD/Fs in Yucheng victims fifteen years after exposure to toxic rice-bran oils and their implications for epidemiologic studies.
Urinary sucrose and fructose as biomarkers for sugar consumption.
Association of vegetable intake with urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin level.
Detection of recent ethanol intake with new markers: comparison of fatty acid ethyl esters in serum and of ethyl glucuronide and the ratio of 5-hydroxytryptophol to 5-hydroxyindole acetic acid in urine.
Urinary metal and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon biomarkers in boilermakers exposed to metal fume and residual oil fly ash.
Variability of total serum immunoglobulin E levels from birth to the age of 10 years. A prospective evaluation in a large birth cohort (German Multicenter Allergy Study).
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers--plasma levels and thyroid status of workers at an electronic recycling facility.
Measurement of trihalomethanes and methyl tert-butyl ether in whole blood using gas chromatography with high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure assessment by multivariate statistical analysis of serum congener profiles in an adult Native American population.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in German industries: association between exogenous exposure and urinary metabolites and its modulation by enzyme polymorphisms.
Tribromomethane exposure and dietary folate deficiency in the formation of aberrant crypt foci in the colons of F344/N rats.
Transcription past DNA adducts derived from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Short-term variability of biomarkers of proteinase activity in patients with emphysema associated with type Z alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency.
Dietary linolenic acid is inversely associated with calcified atherosclerotic plaque in the coronary arteries: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Carbon and nitrogen stable isotopic composition of hair protein and amino acids can be used as biomarkers for animal-derived dietary protein intake in humans.
Effect of an energy-restricted, high-protein, low-fat diet relative to a conventional high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet on weight loss, body composition, nutritional status, and markers of cardiovascular health in obese women.
Evaluation of three dietary assessment methods and serum biomarkers as measures of fruit and vegetable intake, using the method of triads.
Renal blood flow measurements with use of phase-contrast magnetic resonance imaging: normal values and reproducibility.
Effects of retinoic acid administration and dietary vitamin A supplementation on leptin expression in mice: lack of correlation with changes of adipose tissue mass and food intake.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and biomarkers of reproductive function in young men.
To what extent do variabilities in hormones, metabolites and energy intake explain variability in milk yield?
APOA1/C3/A4 gene cluster variability and lipid levels in Brazilian children.
Association of cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption and physical activity with lower urinary tract symptoms in older American men: findings from the third National Health And Nutrition Examination Survey.
Relevance and variability of the severity of incontinence, and increased daytime and night-time voiding frequency, associated with quality of life in men with lower urinary tract symptoms.
Entacapone increases levodopa exposure and reduces plasma levodopa variability when used with Sinemet CR.
DNA adduct formation of benzo[a]pyrene in white blood cells of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Normal reference intervals and ranges of side-to-side and day-to-day variability of ocular blood flow Doppler parameters.
Interannual variability in fish biomarkers in a contaminated temperate urban estuary.
Relationship of serum levels of individual PCB, dioxin, and furan congeners and DDE with Great Lakes sport-caught fish consumption.
Association between consumption of beer, wine, and liquor and plasma concentration of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in women aged 39 to 89 years.
Time- and tissue-dependent polychlorinated biphenyl residues in hairless mice after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyl-contaminated soil.
Some dietary and adipose tissue carotenoids are associated with the risk of nonfatal acute myocardial infarction in Costa Rica.
Fish consumption among healthy adults is associated with decreased levels of inflammatory markers related to cardiovascular disease: the ATTICA study.
Detection of phthalate metabolites in human saliva.
Differential effects of dietary saturated and trans-fatty acids on expression of genes associated with insulin sensitivity in rat adipose tissue.
Influence of tap water quality and household water use activities on indoor air and internal dose levels of trihalomethanes.
Alcohol intake and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism modify the relation of folate intake to plasma homocysteine.
Diet-quality scores and plasma concentrations of markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
Relationship of alcohol consumption to 7-year blood pressure change in Japanese men.
Monitoring phthalate exposure in humans.
Reproducibility of nighttime salivary cortisol and its use in the diagnosis of hypercortisolism compared with urinary free cortisol and overnight dexamethasone suppression test.
Fasting whole blood as a biomarker of essential fatty acid intake in epidemiologic studies: comparison with adipose tissue and plasma.
Allergic sensitisation and allergic rhinitis are associated with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet and in red blood cell membranes.
Intake of Mediterranean vegetable soup treated by pulsed electric fields affects plasma vitamin C and antioxidant biomarkers in humans.
Exposure to low concentrations of di-n-butyl phthalate during embryogenesis reduces survivability and impairs development of Xenopus laevis frogs.
Biomarkers of alcohol consumption in patients classified according to the degree of liver disease severity.
Effects of postnatal exposure to a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls, p,p'-dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, and p-p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethene in prepubertal and adult female Sprague-Dawley rats.
Evaluation of an iron specific checklist for the assessment of dietary iron intake in pregnant and postpartum women.
Biological monitoring of carbon disulphide and phthalate exposure in the contemporary rubber industry.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites in nonhatched fulmar eggs from the Faroe Islands.
Validation of a patient-administered questionnaire to measure the severity and bothersomeness of lower urinary tract symptoms in uncomplicated urinary tract infection (UTI): the UTI Symptom Assessment questionnaire.
Inter- and intraindividual pharmacokinetic variations of mirtazapine and its N-demethyl metabolite in patients treated for major depressive disorder: a 6-month therapeutic drug monitoring study.
Environmental and human impact of an old-timer incinerator in terms of dioxin and PCB level: a case study.
Assessment of human exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in Japan using archived samples from the early 1980s and mid-1990s.
Intravenous exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP): metabolites of DEHP in urine after a voluntary platelet donation.
Evidence of genetic variability of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 in plasma and cervicovaginal lavage in ethiopian women seeking care for sexually transmitted infections.
Decrease in anogenital distance among male infants with prenatal phthalate exposure.
Relationships among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, proximity to the World Trade Center, and effects on fetal growth.
Identification of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in blood plasma from polybrominated diphenyl ether exposed rats.
Cytogenetic and immunological changes after dermal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and UV radiation.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in children living in city and rural residences in Denmark.
Analysis of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine among workers exposed to diesel particulate exhaust: comparison with urinary metabolites and PAH air monitoring.
Influence of apolipoprotein E genotype on the reliability of the Friedewald formula in the estimation of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations.
An approach to estimate between- and within-group correlation coefficients in multicenter studies: plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables.
A comparison of three dietary pattern indexes for predicting biomarkers of diet and disease.
Minimum inhibitory concentrations of tulathromycin against respiratory bacterial pathogens isolated from clinical cases in European cattle and swine and variability arising from changes in in vitro methodology.
Disruption of reproductive development in male rat offspring following in utero exposure to phthalate esters.
Design issues in cross-sectional biomarkers studies: urinary biomarkers of PAH exposure and oxidative stress.
Simple solid-phase extraction method for determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and selected organochlorine pesticides in human serum.
Effects of dietary combination of chromium and biotin on growth performance, carcass characteristics, and oxidative stress markers in heat-distressed Japanese quail.
Analysis of week-to-week variability in skin blood flow measurements using wavelet transforms.
Evaluation of the odd fatty acids 15:0 and 17:0 in serum and adipose tissue as markers of intake of milk and dairy fat.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire by direct measurement of habitual ad libitum food intake.
Sensitivity of circulatory response to alcohol influences the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure in Orientals.
Association of serum phytoestrogen concentration and dietary habits in a sample set of the JACC Study.
Association of serum carotenoid concentration and dietary habits among the JACC Study subjects.
The relationship of breakfast and cereal consumption to nutrient intake and body mass index: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of neural-tube defects in a Mexican American population.
Effects of moderate Sicilian red wine consumption on inflammatory biomarkers of atherosclerosis.
Plasma lipids and fatty acid composition in parrots in relation to the intake of alpha-linolenic acid from two feed mixtures.
Cytokeratin-20 immunocytology in voided urine exhibits greater sensitivity and reliability than standard cytology in the diagnosis of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder.
Variability among five over-the-counter blood glucose monitors.
Adhesion, spreading, and aggregation of platelets in flowing blood and the reliability of the retention test Homburg.
The status of failure and reliability testing of artificial blood pumps.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables: ecological-level correlations in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables: individual-level correlations in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Interseasonal variability in biomarkers of exposure in fish inhabiting a southwestern Australian estuary.
Serum polychlorinated biphenyl and organochlorine insecticide concentrations in a Faroese birth cohort.
Urinary and amniotic fluid levels of phthalate monoesters in rats after the oral administration of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and di-n-butyl phthalate.
Early post-natal exposure to low dose oral di(2ethylhexyl) phthalate affects the peripheral LH-concentration in plasma, but does not affect mating behavior in the post-pubertal boar.
Association between alcohol consumption and serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate concentration in men with Type 2 diabetes: a link to decreased cardiovascular risk.
Inter-individual variation in brain phenylalanine concentration in patients with PKU is not caused by genetic variation in the 4F2hc/LAT1 complex.
Long-term consumption of a raw food diet is associated with favorable serum LDL cholesterol and triglycerides but also with elevated plasma homocysteine and low serum HDL cholesterol in humans.
Recombination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon photoions with electrons in a flowing afterglow plasma.
Assessment of reference values for polychlorinated biphenyl concentration in human blood.
Quantification of several monohydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine by high-performance liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection.
Associations of dietary flavonoids with risk of type 2 diabetes, and markers of insulin resistance and systemic inflammation in women: a prospective study and cross-sectional analysis.
Age at exposure and Apc status influence the levels of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in mouse intestine and liver.
Caffeine stimulation of cortisol secretion across the waking hours in relation to caffeine intake levels.
Effects of infection with Anguillicola crassus and simultaneous exposure with Cd and 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 126) on the levels of cortisol and glucose in European eel ( Anguilla anguilla ).
High average daily intake of PCDD/Fs and serum levels in residents living near a deserted factory producing pentachlorophenol (PCP) in Taiwan: influence of contaminated fish consumption.
Does sward height grazed by ewes in mid- to late-pregnancy affect indices of colostrum intake by twin and triplet lambs?
Prevalence of elevated blood lead levels and evaluation of a lead-risk-screening questionnaire in rural Minnesota.
Exposure to PCB and p, p'-DDE in European and Inuit populations: impact on human sperm chromatin integrity.
Control of end-tidal PCO2 reduces middle cerebral artery blood velocity variability: implications for physiological neuroimaging.
The use of chemical derivatization to enhance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometric determination of 1-hydroxypyrene, a biomarker for polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
Distribution of PCDDs/PCDFs and Co-PCBs in human maternal blood, cord blood, placenta, milk, and adipose tissue: dioxins showing high toxic equivalency factor accumulate in the placenta.
Solid-phase extraction and purification for the quantification of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in fish bile.
Biological monitoring of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by determination of unmetabolized compounds in urine.
Randomized evaluation of Ureteral Stents using validated Symptom Questionnaire.
Determination of 3-nitrotyrosine in human urine at the basal state by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and evaluation of the excretion after oral intake.
Induction of hepatic cytochrome P450 isozymes, benzo(a)pyrene metabolism and DNA binding following exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon residues generated during repeated fish fried oil in rats.
Assessment of soil remediation workers' exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH): biomonitoring of naphthols, phenanthrols, and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine.
Personal care product use predicts urinary concentrations of some phthalate monoesters.
Mono-(3-carboxypropyl) phthalate, a metabolite of di-n-octyl phthalate.
Reliability of using reagent test strips to estimate blood urea nitrogen concentration in dogs and cats.
Modulation of gene expression and DNA adduct formation in HepG2 cells by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with different carcinogenic potencies.
The V227A polymorphism at the PPARA locus is associated with serum lipid concentrations and modulates the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and serum high density lipoprotein concentrations in Chinese women.
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) level in human hair as biomarkers for dietary grilled/stir-fried meat and fish intake.
Dietary PUFA modulate the expression of proliferation and differentiation markers in Morris 3924A hepatoma cells.
Perinatal exposure to low doses of PCB 153 and PCB 126 affects maternal and neonatal immunity in goat kids.
Probabilistic risk assessment for personal exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Taiwanese temples.
Asthma attack associated with oxidative stress by exposure to ETS and PAH.
Role of socioeconomic markers and state prohibition policy in predicting alcohol consumption among men and women in India: a multilevel statistical analysis.
Mediterranean diet has no effect on markers of inflammation and metabolic risk factors in patients with coronary artery disease.
Copper chaperone for Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase is a sensitive biomarker of mild copper deficiency induced by moderately high intakes of zinc.
High-affinity antibodies in a new immunoassay for plasma tissue factor: reduction in apparent intra-individual variation.
Purkinje cell and cerebellar effects following developmental exposure to PCBs and/or MeHg.
Fat intake is associated with serum estrogen and androgen concentrations in postmenopausal Japanese women.
Alcohol use, urinary cortisol, and heart rate variability in apparently healthy men: Evidence for impaired inhibitory control of the HPA axis in heavy drinkers.
Associations between plasma lipid parameters and APOC3 and APOA4 genotypes in a healthy population are independent of dietary cholesterol intake.
Quantitative analysis of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in adipose tissue, human serum and foodstuff samples by gas chromatography with ion trap tandem mass spectrometry and isotope dilution.
NOx formation in the plasma treatment of halomethanes.
Urinary oxidative metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in humans.
Associations of plant food, dairy product, and meat intakes with 15-y incidence of elevated blood pressure in young black and white adults: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.
Dioxin-like and non-dioxin-like PCBs in human serum of Slovak population.
A simple and fast extraction method for organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in small volumes of avian serum.
Nut and seed consumption and inflammatory markers in the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.
Assessing PAH exposure in feral finfish from the Northwest Atlantic.
Relationships between cigarette consumption and biomarkers of tobacco toxin exposure.
Dietary vitamin A has both chronic and acute effects on vitamin A indices in lactating rats and their offspring.
Blood flow in the common carotid artery in term and preterm infants: reproducibility and relation to cardiac output.
Identification of markers for PCB exposure in plasma from Swedish construction workers removing old elastic sealants.
Erythrocyte membrane phospholipid composition as a biomarker of dietary fat.
Determinants of glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes during intensified therapy with multiple daily insulin injections or continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion: importance of blood glucose variability.
Randomized controlled trial for an effect of green tea consumption on insulin resistance and inflammation markers.
Interindividual variability in the absorption of ciprofloxacin and hydrocortisone from continent ileal reservoir for urine.
Systematic evaluation of sample preparation methods for gel-based human urinary proteomics: quantity, quality, and variability.
Decreasing urinary PAH metabolites and 7-methylguanine after smoking cessation.
Reliability of rapid urinary test for antibody to Helicobacter pylori in adult patients with proteinuria.
Effect of urban traffic, individual habits, and genetic polymorphisms on background urinary 1-hydroxypyrene excretion.
Interactive effects between CYP1A1 genotypes and environmental polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans exposures on liver function profile.
Biochemistry examinations and health disorder evaluation of Taiwanese living near incinerators and with low serum PCDD/Fs levels.
Serum sphinganine and the sphinganine to sphingosine ratio as a biomarker of dietary fumonisins during chronic exposure in ducks.
Selective immunoclean-up followed by liquid chromatography for the monitoring of a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine at the ng l-1 level.
Impact of varying levels of protein intake on protein status indicators after gastric bypass in patients with multiple complications requiring nutritional support.
Reproducibility of assays for steroid hormones, prolactin and insulin-like growth factor-1 in umbilical cord blood.
Relationship between daily fluoride intake from diet and the use of dentifrice and human plasma fluoride concentrations.
Effect of dietary supplementation with beta-casein A1 or A2 on markers of disease development in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease.
Validity and reliability of a questionnaire for evaluating nocturia, nocturnal enuresis and sleep-interruptions in an elderly population.
Fatty liver and hepatic function for residents with markedly high serum PCDD/Fs levels in Taiwan.
Dietary diacylglycerol in a typical meal suppresses postprandial increases in serum lipid levels compared with dietary triacylglycerol.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relationships between alcohol consumption and lipids, blood pressure and body weight indices.
Reproducibility of cerebral blood volume measurements by near infrared spectroscopy in 16 healthy elderly subjects.
Validity and reliability of a new food frequency questionnaire compared to 24 h recalls and biochemical measurements: pilot phase of Golestan cohort study of esophageal cancer.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP): human metabolism and internal exposure-- an update and latest results.
Intra-individual variations and time trends 1991-2001 in human serum levels of PCB, DDE and hexachlorobenzene.
Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and other monohydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children: a study based on U.S. reference range values.
Bone calcium turnover during pregnancy and lactation in women with low calcium diets is associated with calcium intake and circulating insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations.
Primer: questionnaires versus urodynamics in the evaluation of lower urinary tract dysfunction-one, both or none?
Relationships between heart rate variability and urinary albumin excretion in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Comparison between external and internal standard calibration in the validation of an analytical method for 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry.
The decrease in C-reactive protein concentration after diet and physical activity induced weight reduction is associated with changes in plasma lipids, but not interleukin-6 or adiponectin.
Evaluation of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, S-phenylmercapturic acid, trans,trans-muconic acid, 3-methyladenine, 3-ethyladenine, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and thioethers as biomarkers of exposure to cigarette smoke.
Reliability of point-of-care hematocrit, blood gas, electrolyte, lactate and glucose measurement during cardiopulmonary bypass.
Relation between benchmark dose and no-observed-adverse-effect level in clinical research: effects of daily alcohol intake on blood pressure in Japanese salesmen.
Reliability of different blood indices to explore the oxidative stress in response to maximal cycling and static exercises.
Exposure assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in temporary municipal-waste-incinerator maintenance workers before and after annual maintenance.
Analysis of porcine peripheral blood mononuclear cells proteome by 2-DE and MS: analytical and biological variability in the protein expression level and protein identification.
A reduced protein diet induces stearoyl-CoA desaturase protein expression in pig muscle but not in subcutaneous adipose tissue: relationship with intramuscular lipid formation.
Temporal changes in dietary fats: role of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in excessive adipose tissue development and relationship to obesity.
Exhaled nitric oxide in asthma: variability, relation to asthma severity, and peripheral blood lymphocyte cytokine expression.
Associations of vitamin C status, fruit and vegetable intakes, and markers of inflammation and hemostasis.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure to electronics recycling workers--a follow up study.
Serum PCBs and organochlorine pesticides in Slovakia: age, gender, and residence as determinants of organochlorine concentrations.
Contribution of clinical correlates and 13 C-reactive protein gene polymorphisms to interindividual variability in serum C-reactive protein level.
Variability of antiepileptic medication taking behaviour in sudden unexplained death in epilepsy: hair analysis at autopsy.
Comparison of insulin sensitivity assessment indices with euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp data after a dietary and exercise intervention in older adults.
Consumption of Bing sweet cherries lowers circulating concentrations of inflammation markers in healthy men and women.
An assessment of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in the UK.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in South China maternal and fetal blood and breast milk.
Aflatoxin B1 and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon adducts, p53 mutations and p16 methylation in liver tissue and plasma of hepatocellular carcinoma patients.
Urinary iodine concentration of pregnant women and female adolescents as an indicator of excessive iodine intake in Sri Lanka.
Marked intraindividual variability in antiretroviral concentrations may limit the utility of therapeutic drug monitoring.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE)-induced alterations in vitamin A and thyroid hormone concentrations in the rat during lactation and early postnatal development.
Genetic variability at the leptin receptor (LEPR) locus is a determinant of plasma fibrinogen and C-reactive protein levels.
Changes in breath trihalomethane levels resulting from household water-use activities.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure in 3-year-old Ukrainian children.
Association between carbohydrate intake and serum lipids.
Polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations, congener profiles, and ratios in the fat tissue, eggs, and plasma of snapping turtles (Chelydra s. serpentina) from the Ohio Basin of Lake Erie, USA.
Antioxidant ceruloplasmin is expressed by glomerular parietal epithelial cells and secreted into urine in association with glomerular aging and high-calorie diet.
Association between dietary fiber and serum C-reactive protein.
Responses of inflammatory markers to a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet: effects of energy intake.
Serum fatty acids as biomarkers of fat intake predict serum cholesterol concentrations in a population-based survey of New Zealand adolescents and adults.
Low serum concentrations of di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in women with uterine fibromatosis.
Differential metabolomics reveals ophthalmic acid as an oxidative stress biomarker indicating hepatic glutathione consumption.
Interindividual variations in DNA adduct levels assessed by analysis of multiple genetic polymorphisms in smokers.
Urinary potassium is as reliable as urinary nitrogen for use as a recovery biomarker in dietary studies of free living individuals.
Patterns of serum PCDD/Fs affected by vegetarian regime and consumption of local food for residents living near municipal waste incinerators from Taiwan.
Fast simultaneous determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Alterations of visual evoked potentials in preschool Inuit children exposed to methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyls from a marine diet.
Psychometric evaluation of a new questionnaire measuring treatment satisfaction in hypothyroidism: the ThyTSQ.
Sodium in the Finnish diet: II trends in dietary sodium intake and comparison between intake and 24-h excretion of sodium.
Ghrelin response to protein and carbohydrate meals in relation to food intake and glycerol levels in obese subjects.
Adiponectin genetic variability, plasma adiponectin, and cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Interaction between body mass index and alcohol intake in relation to blood pressure in HAN and SHE Chinese.
Distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls, organochlorine pesticides and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human umbilical cord serum, maternal serum and milk from Wielkopolska region, Poland.
Plasma and liver hepatitis C virus variability in patients coinfected with human immunodeficiency virus.
Effects of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and dioxins on mental and motor development in Japanese children at 6 months of age.
Diagnostic performance of urinary resveratrol metabolites as a biomarker of moderate wine consumption.
Dietary factors related to higher plasma fibrinogen levels of Japanese-americans in hawaii compared with Japanese in Japan.
Urinary biomarkers of di-isononyl phthalate in rats.
Reproducibility of plasma steroid hormones, prolactin, and insulin-like growth factor levels among premenopausal women over a 2- to 3-year period.
Development and psychometric evaluation of the ICIQ Vaginal Symptoms Questionnaire: the ICIQ-VS.
Impact of the revision of a nutrient database on the validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ).
Variability of ovarian structures and plasma progesterone profiles in dairy cows with ovarian cysts.
Environmental and occupational exposures and serum PCB concentrations and patterns among Mohawk men at Akwesasne.
G80A reduced folate carrier SNP influences the absorption and cellular translocation of dietary folate and its association with blood pressure in an elderly population.
IGHMBP2 Thr671Ala polymorphism might be a modifier for the effects of cigarette smoking and PAH-DNA adducts to breast cancer risk.
Noninvasive identification of interindividual variation in xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes: implications for cancer epidemiology and biomarker studies.
Intraindividual variability of plasma antioxidants, markers of oxidative stress, C-reactive protein, cotinine, and other biomarkers.
Estimated daily phthalate exposures in a population of mothers of male infants exhibiting reduced anogenital distance.
A stochastic model to assess the variability of blood glucose time series in diabetic patients self-monitoring.
Dietary patterns are associated with biochemical markers of inflammation and endothelial activation in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Exposure of prepubertal female rats to inhaled di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate affects the onset of puberty and postpubertal reproductive functions.
Relation of heart rate variability to serum levels of C-reactive protein in patients with unstable angina pectoris.
Exposure to PCB 77 induces tissue-dependent changes in iodothyronine deiodinase activity patterns in the embryonic chicken.
Levels of dioxins, furans and PCBs in human serum and milk of people living in Greece.
Positive effect of dietary soy in ESRD patients with systemic inflammation--correlation between blood levels of the soy isoflavones and the acute-phase reactants.
Increased levels of mercury associated with high fish intakes among children from Vancouver, Canada.
Synthesis of the PhIP adduct of 2'-deoxyguanosine and its incorporation into oligomeric DNA.
Chemical synthesis of 2'-deoxyguanosine-C8 adducts with heterocyclic amines: an application to synthesis of oligonucleotides site-specifically adducted with 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine.
Heart rate variability, hemostatic and acute inflammatory blood parameters in healthy adults after short-term exposure to welding fume.
High cognitive dietary restraint is associated with increased cortisol excretion in postmenopausal women.
Influence of saturated fat and linolenic acid on the association between intake of dairy products and blood pressure.
Study of metabolites from the degradation of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) by bacterial consortium enriched from mangrove sediments.
High-throughput biomonitoring of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls at the sub-picogram level in human serum.
Long-term moderate magnesium-deficient diet shows relationships between blood pressure, inflammation and oxidant stress defense in aging rats.
Changes in 24-h area-under-the-curve ghrelin values following diet-induced weight loss are associated with loss of fat-free mass, but not with changes in fat mass, insulin levels or insulin sensitivity.
Nutrition education in postmenopausal women: changes in dietary and cardiovascular indices.
Evaluation of PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey of the United States population.
Dietary long-chain n-3 fatty acids of marine origin and serum C-reactive protein concentrations are associated in a population with a diet rich in marine products.
Levels of PCBs and their metabolites in the serum of residents of a highly contaminated area in eastern Slovakia.
Estimating exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a comparison of survey, biological monitoring, and geographic information system-based methods.
Association between consumption of cruciferous vegetables and condiments and excretion in urine of isothiocyanate mercapturic acids.
In vitro studies of polyphenols, antioxidants and other dietary indices in kiwifruit (Actinidia deliciosa).
Reliability of semiquantitative determination of procalcitonin serum concentrations in neonates.
Reliability of Enderlein's darkfield analysis of live blood.
The influence of genetic polymorphisms in Ahr, CYP1A1, CYP1A2, CYP1B1, GST M1, GST T1 and UGT1A1 on urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentrations in healthy subjects from Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Variability of blood glucose concentration and short-term mortality in critically ill patients.
External and internal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) among workers in the production of fire-proof materials - proposal of a biological monitoring guidance value.
Reliability of the Fagerstrm Test for Nicotine Dependence, Minnesota Nicotine Withdrawal Scale, and Tiffany Questionnaire for Smoking Urges in smokers with and without schizophrenia.
Comparison of women's diet assessed by FFQs and 24-hour recalls with and without underreporters: associations with biomarkers.
Dietary calcium as a potential modifier of the relationship of lead burden to blood pressure.
Oxidative metabolites of diisononyl phthalate as biomarkers for human exposure assessment.
Levels and concentration ratios of polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in serum and breast milk in Japanese mothers.
Effect of prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on neurodevelopment in the first 3 years of life among inner-city children.
PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood and fetal and child development in a Chinese cohort.
Effect of prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls on incidence of acute respiratory infections in preschool Inuit children.
The significance of putative urinary markers of illicit heroin use after consumption of poppy seed products.
Folate intakes and folate biomarker profiles of pregnant Japanese women in the first trimester.
Reliability of the cloned-enzyme donor immunoassay (CEDIA) for cocaine in human serum in the range between the detection limit and the cut-off.
Adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern is positively associated with plasma adiponectin concentrations in diabetic women.
Factor analysis of fatty acids in serum lipids as a measure of dietary fat quality in relation to the metabolic syndrome in men.
Validity and reliability of adult recall of past sun exposure in a case-control study of multiple sclerosis.
Longevity-associated NADH dehydrogenase subunit-2 237 Leu/Met polymorphism influences the effects of alcohol consumption on serum uric acid levels in nonobese Japanese men.
Validated method for the determination of the ethanol consumption markers ethyl glucuronide, ethyl phosphate, and ethyl sulfate in human urine by reversed-phase/weak anion exchange liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Evaluation of the dietary effects of coenzyme Q in vivo by the oxidative stress marker, hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid and its stereoisomer ratio.
Sensitive biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs): urinary 1-hydroxyprene glucuronide in relation to smoking and low ambient levels of exposure.
Detection of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo [4,5-b]-pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in human pancreatic tissues.
Reliability of biomarkers of iron status, blood lipids, oxidative stress, vitamin D, C-reactive protein and fructosamine in two Dutch cohorts.
Gout Assessment Questionnaire: Initial results of reliability, validity and responsiveness.
Effects of genetic polymorphisms CYP1A1, GSTM1, GSTT1 and GSTP1 on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in sugarcane workers.
Detection of alcohol consumption during pregnancy--current and future biomarkers.
Simultaneous determination of urinary hydroxylated metabolites of naphthalene, fluorene, phenanthrene, fluoranthene and pyrene as multiple biomarkers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Blood indices of selenium and mercury, and their correlations with fish intake, in young people living in Britain.
Validity of protein, retinol, folic acid and n-3 fatty acid intakes estimated from the food-frequency questionnaire used in the Danish National Birth Cohort.
Development, validation, and use of English and Spanish versions of the telemedicine satisfaction and usefulness questionnaire.
Occupational exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, and respiratory and urinary tract cancers: a quantitative review to 2005.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood serum from New Zealand.
Changes in blood trihalomethane concentrations resulting from differences in water quality and water use activities.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition as a biomarker of habitual dietary fat intake in an ethnically diverse cohort.
On-line capillary based quantitative analysis of a heterocyclic amine in human urine.
Mobilization of PCBs from blubber to blood in northern elephant seals (Mirounga angustirostris) during the post-weaning fast.
Comparison of the urinary excretion time courses of pyrene-1,6-dione, pyrene-1,8-dione and 1-hydroxypyrene in rats intravenously exposed to pyrene.
Associations between exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and temporal change of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in Taiwanese coke-oven workers.
Ethyl glucuronide in hair: Is it a reliable marker of chronic high levels of alcohol consumption?
Quantitative structure-activity relationships for prediction of the toxicity of hydroxylated and quinoid PCB metabolites.
Quantifying phthalate metabolites in human meconium and semen using automated off-line solid-phase extraction coupled with on-line SPE and isotope-dilution high-performance liquid chromatography--tandem mass spectrometry.
Effect of in utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate: distribution in the rat fetus and testosterone production by rat fetal testis in culture.
Oxygen and glucose consumption in gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas: correlation with markers of hypoxia, acidity and anaerobic glycolysis.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and non-ortho and mono-ortho polychlorinated biphenyls in blood of Yusho patients.
Reproducibility of risk figures in 2nd-trimester maternal serum screening for down syndrome: comparison of 2 laboratories.
High von Willebrand factor levels increase the risk of first ischemic stroke: influence of ADAMTS13, inflammation, and genetic variability.
A dose response study following in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP): reproductive effects on adult male offspring rats.
Halogenated organic contaminants and mercury in northern fulmars (Fulmarus glacialis): levels, relationships to dietary descriptors and blood to liver comparison.
Children's exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Altered semen quality in relation to urinary concentrations of phthalate monoester and oxidative metabolites.
Associations among maternal soy intake, isoflavone levels in urine and blood samples, and maternal and umbilical hormone concentrations (Japan).
IgAs against acetaldehyde-modified red cell protein as a marker of ethanol consumption in male alcoholic subjects, moderate drinkers, and abstainers.
Effect of nucleotide intake and nutritional recovery on insulin-like growth factor I and other hormonal biomarkers in severely malnourished children.
Comet assay for the detection of genotoxicity in blood cells of flounder (Paralichthys olivaceus) exposed to sediments and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Relationships between pulse wave velocity and heart rate variability in healthy men with a range of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity levels.
Automated solid-phase extraction for the determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in serum--application on archived Norwegian samples from 1977 to 2003.
Discrete MBL-MASP complexes show wide inter-individual variability in concentration: data from UK vs Armenian populations.
Serum sex hormone-binding globulin levels show too much variability to be used effectively as a screening marker for insulin resistance in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Hypercholesterolaemia alters the responses of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory markers to supplementation of the diet with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from fish oil.
Interindividual variability in plasma concentrations after systemic exposure of swine to dietary doxycycline supplied with and without paracetamol: a population pharmacokinetic approach.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels in an expanded market basket survey of U.S. food and estimated PBDE dietary intake by age and sex.
Risk of colorectal cancer is linked to erythrocyte compositions of fatty acids as biomarkers for dietary intakes of fish, fat, and fatty acids.
Comparison of polymorphisms in genes involved in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolism with urinary phenanthrene metabolite ratios in smokers.
Vitamin D levels in children of asylum seekers in The Netherlands in relation to season and dietary intake.
Determination of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum using headspace solid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-electron capture detection.
Phthalate monoesters in perfusate from a dual placenta perfusion system, the placenta tissue and umbilical cord blood.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma of bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) from the Western Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico.
Induced CYP1A2 activity as a phenotypic biomarker in humans highly exposed to certain PCBs/PCDFs.
Association between coffee consumption and markers of inflammation and cardiovascular function during mental stress.
Individual differences and repeatability of post-prandial changes of plasma-free amino acids in young horses.
Reliability of assessment of urgency and other symptoms indicating anal sphincter, large bowel or urinary dysfunction.
An evaluation of the performance of the self-rating of the effects of alcohol questionnaire in 12- and 35-year-old subjects.
Marked individual variability in the levels of trimethylselenonium ion in human urine determined by HPLC/ICPMS and HPLC/vapor generation/ICPMS.
Intra- and interindividual variation in gene expression in human adipose tissue.
Variability in non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase and protease inhibitor concentrations among HIV-infected adults in routine clinical practice.
Evaluation of a new measure of blood glucose variability in diabetes.
Prostate cancer risk from occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons interacting with the GSTP1 Ile105Val polymorphism.
Hypermethylated RASSF1A in maternal plasma: A universal fetal DNA marker that improves the reliability of noninvasive prenatal diagnosis.
Maternal erythrocyte omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, and plasma lipid concentrations, are associated with habitual dietary fish consumption in early pregnancy.
Levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in breast milk from central Taiwan and their relation to infant birth outcome and maternal menstruation effects.
The association of left ventricular mass with blood pressure, cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption; data from the LARGE Heart study.
High levels of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in 20 brands of Chinese cigarettes.
Increased plasma oxidized phospholipid:apolipoprotein B-100 ratio with concomitant depletion of oxidized phospholipids from atherosclerotic lesions after dietary lipid-lowering: a potential biomarker of early atherosclerosis regression.
Influence of gender and genetic variability on plasma angiotensin peptides.
Validation of the short forms of the incontinence impact questionnaire (IIQ-7) and the urogenital distress inventory (UDI-6) in a Turkish population.
Lipid peroxidation and antioxidant status in workers exposed to PCDD/Fs of metal recovery plants.
Serum pro-hepcidin concentrations and their responses to oral iron supplementation in healthy subjects manifest considerable inter-individual variation.
Dietary factors and biomarkers involved in the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase genotype-colorectal adenoma pathway.
Variability of voriconazole plasma levels measured by new high-performance liquid chromatography and bioassay methods.
Caffeine N3-demethylation (CYP1A2) in a population with an increased exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls.
DNA damage in human sperm is related to urinary levels of phthalate monoester and oxidative metabolites.
Lutein and zeaxanthin intakes and risk of age-related macular degeneration and cataracts: an evaluation using the Food and Drug Administration's evidence-based review system for health claims.
Dietary magnesium and fiber intakes and inflammatory and metabolic indicators in middle-aged subjects from a population-based cohort.
A dose-response study following in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP): reproductive effects on adult female offspring rats.
Decreased serum free testosterone in workers exposed to high levels of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) and di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP): a cross-sectional study in China.
International studies of prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and fetal growth.
Integrating biomonitoring exposure data into the risk assessment process: phthalates [diethyl phthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate] as a case study.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood from Korean incinerator workers and general population.
Thyroid hormone status of Atlantic croaker exposed to Aroclor 1254 and selected PCB congeners.
Association between tofu intake and serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in the elderly Taiwanese.
Carotenoid and tocopherol estimates from the NCI diet history questionnaire are valid compared with multiple recalls and serum biomarkers.
Differences in exercising limb blood flow variability between cardiac and muscle contraction cycle related analysis during dynamic knee extensor.
Hydroxy-PCBs, PBDEs, and HBCDDs in serum from an elderly population of Swedish fishermen's wives and associations with bone density.
Dietary onion intake as part of a typical high fat diet improves indices of cardiovascular health using the mixed sex pig model.
Experimental evaluation of the usefulness of feathers as a non-destructive biomonitor for polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) using silastic implants as a novel method of exposure.
Dietary patterns: a Mediterranean diet score and its relation to clinical and biological markers of cardiovascular disease risk.
Design and validation of a new screening instrument for lower urinary tract dysfunction: the bladder control self-assessment questionnaire (B-SAQ).
Decrease in blood triglycerides associated with the consumption of eggs of hens fed with food supplemented with fish oil.
Comparison and analysis of different approaches for estimating the human exposure to phthalate esters.
Higher self-reported physical activity is associated with lower systolic blood pressure: the Dietary Intervention Study in Childhood (DISC).
Effects of tomatoes on the lipid profile.
Comparison of variability in cardiorespiratory measurements following desflurane anesthesia at a multiple of the minimum alveolar concentration for each dog versus a multiple of a single predetermined minimum alveolar concentration for all dogs in a group.
Regression dilution methods for meta-analysis: assessing long-term variability in plasma fibrinogen among 27,247 adults in 15 prospective studies.
Modulation of gene expression and DNA-adduct formation in precision-cut liver slices exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons of different carcinogenic potency.
Biomarker validation of a long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid food frequency questionnaire.
Relation of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) I and IGF-binding protein 3 concentrations with intakes of fruit, vegetables, and antioxidants.
Effects of a carbohydrate-restricted diet with and without supplemental soluble fiber on plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and other clinical markers of cardiovascular risk.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid preserves pancreatic function and reduces inflammatory markers in obese, insulin-resistant rats.
Lack of formic acid production in rat hepatocytes and human renal proximal tubule cells exposed to chloral hydrate or trichloroacetic acid.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels in livers of U.S. human fetuses and newborns.
Determinants of the variability of aflatoxin-albumin adduct levels in Ghanaians.
Pharmacokinetic variability of aripiprazole and the active metabolite dehydroaripiprazole in psychiatric patients.
Validation of the assessment of folate and vitamin B12 intake in women of reproductive age: the method of triads.
Variability of plasma melatonin level in pony mares (Equus caballus), comparison with the hybrid: mules and with jennies (Equus asinus).
A pilot study on using urinary 1-hydroxypyrene biomarker for exposure to PAHs in Beijing.
Plasma phylloquinone (vitamin K1) concentration and its relationship to intake in British adults aged 19-64 years.
Occurrence and daily variation of phthalate metabolites in the urine of an adult population.
Dietary patterns throughout adult life are associated with body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, and red cell folate.
Deconjugation of N-glucuronide conjugated metabolites with hydrazine hydrate--biomarkers for exposure to the food-borne carcinogen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP).
Daily intake of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) by German children -- A comparison of two estimation models based on urinary DEHP metabolite levels.
Polymorphisms in vitamin K-dependent gamma-carboxylation-related genes influence interindividual variability in plasma protein C and protein S activities in the general population.
Serum PCBs, p,p'-DDE and HCB predict thyroid hormone levels in men.
Evaluation of nutritional status in patients with kidney disease: usefulness of dietary recall.
A simple and fast method for the simultaneous determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in small volumes of human serum.
Levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in the blood of the non-occupationally exposed residents living in the vicinity of a chemical plant in the Czech Republic.
PCDD/F levels in plasma of a belgian population before and after the 1999 belgian PCB/DIOXIN incident.
Biomonitoring of PCDD/Fs in populations living near portuguese solid waste incinerators: levels in human milk.
Variability in non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase and protease inhibitors concentrations among HIV-infected adults in routine clinical practice.
Cortisol secretary pattern and glucocorticoid feedback sensitivity in women from a Mediterranean area: relationship with anthropometric characteristics, dietary intake and plasma fatty acid profile.
Increased lean red meat intake does not elevate markers of oxidative stress and inflammation in humans.
Prenatal pesticide and PCB exposures and birth outcomes.
Risk of spontaneous abortion among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls.
Association between dietary habits, education, serum triglycerides and blood cholesterol among women of Cabildo, Buenos Aires.
Intra-individual variation in blood flow velocities in cerebral arteries of children with sickle cell disease.
Criterion validity of the BBUSQ-22: a questionnaire assessing bowel and urinary tract symptoms in women.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon- and aflatoxin-albumin adducts, hepatitis B virus infection and hepatocellular carcinoma in Taiwan.
The relationships between macular pigment optical density and its constituent carotenoids in diet and serum.
Fluorescence in situ hybridization is necessary to detect an association between chromosome aberrations and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in utero and reveals nonrandom chromosome involvement.
A diet-induced hypercholesterolemic murine model to study atherogenesis without obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Survey of polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in Spanish commercial foodstuffs.
Plasma PBDE and thyroxine levels in rats exposed to Bromkal or BDE-47.
Elevated concentrations of 1-hydroxypyrene in schoolchildren during winter in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Urinary acrylamide metabolites as biomarkers for short-term dietary exposure to acrylamide.
Dietary and lifestyle factors associated with blood pressure among U.S. adolescents.
Reliability of 1,9-dimethylmethylene blue tests in comparison to agarose gel electrophoresis for quantification of urinary glycosaminoglycans.
High throughput method for the determination of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum.
Evaluation of the reproducibility and accuracy of pH-determining devices used to measure urine pH in dogs.
Leukocyte polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct formation and colorectal adenoma.
Inter- and intra-individual variability in the levels of plasma homovanillic acid in schizophrenic patients.
Intake of purple sweet potato beverage affects on serum hepatic biomarker levels of healthy adult men with borderline hepatitis.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire measurement of selected nutrients using biological markers in African-American men.
A valid semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire to measure fish consumption.
Regional sympathetic denervation affects the relation between canine local myocardial blood flow and oxygen consumption.
Triggered replenishment imaging reduces variability of quantitative myocardial contrast echocardiography and allows assessment of myocardial blood flow reserve.
Validation of a FFQ to estimate the intake of PUFA using plasma phospholipid fatty acids and weighed foods records.
Adverse impact of temperature and humidity on blood glucose monitoring reliability: a pilot study.
A 4-day sodium-controlled diet reduces variability of overnight sodium excretion in free-living normotensive adolescents.
Induction of DNA strand breaks in the mussel (Mytilus trossulus) and clam (Protothaca staminea) following chronic field exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from the Exxon Valdez spill.
Role of GSTT1 deletion in DNA oxidative damage by exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in humans.
Chronic hyperglycemia but not glucose variability determines HbA1c levels in well-controlled patients with type 2 diabetes.
Inter- and intra-individual variations in normal urinary glycine betaine excretion.
Study on developmental abnormalities in hypospadiac male rats induced by maternal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP).
Validation of a phytoestrogen food frequency questionnaire with urinary concentrations of isoflavones and lignan metabolites in premenopausal women.
1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure among subjects living in two separate regions from a steel mill.
Fetal mouse phthalate exposure shows that Gonocyte multinucleation is not associated with decreased testicular testosterone.
Toenails as a biomarker of inorganic arsenic intake from drinking water and foods.
Impact of iron and steel industry and waste incinerators on human exposure to dioxins, PCBs, and heavy metals: results of a cross-sectional study in Belgium.
Effects of in ovo exposure to PCBs 126 and 77 on mortality, deformities and post-hatch immune function in chickens.
The variability of urinary cotinine levels in young children: implications for measuring ETS exposure.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBS) in pregnant women from eastern Slovakia.
Change in plasma lutein after egg consumption is positively associated with plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein size but negatively correlated with body size in postmenopausal women.
Dietary patterns and markers of systemic inflammation among Iranian women.
Altered brain-derived neurotrophic factor blood levels and gene variability are associated with anorexia and bulimia.
The effects of surgical levels of sevoflurane and propofol anaesthesia on heart rate variability.
Chronic exposure to low levels of dibromoacetic acid, a water disinfection by-product, adversely affects reproductive function in male rabbits.
Evaluating associations between Mediterranean diet adherence indexes and biomarkers of diet and disease.
Plasma micronutrients are associated with dietary intake and environmental tobacco smoke exposure in a paediatric population.
Effects of a high walnut and high cashew nut diet on selected markers of the metabolic syndrome: a controlled feeding trial.
Variability in the relationship between mean plasma glucose and HbA1c: implications for the assessment of glycemic control.
Population pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic modeling of systemic corticosteroid inhibition of whole blood lymphocytes: modeling interoccasion pharmacodynamic variability.
Soy consumption, markers of inflammation, and endothelial function: a cross-over study in postmenopausal women with the metabolic syndrome.
Inhalation and dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in non-smoking university students.
Human exposure to PBDEs: associations of PBDE body burdens with food consumption and house dust concentrations.
Comparison of two dietary folate intake instruments and their validation by RBC folate.
Day-to-day variability of blood glucose concentration curves generated at home in cats with diabetes mellitus.
Plasma concentrations of carotenoids and vitamin C are better correlated with dietary intake in normal weight than overweight and obese elderly subjects.
Inhibition of intrinsic proteolytic activities moderates preanalytical variability and instability of human plasma.
Dependence of blood indices of selenium and mercury on estimated fish intake in a national survey of British adults.
PAH-DNA adducts in environmentally exposed population in relation to metabolic and DNA repair gene polymorphisms.
Intra-individual variability in toenail arsenic concentrations in a Michigan population, USA.
Serum concentrations of chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans among former Michigan trichlorophenol and pentachlorophenol workers.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene level relative to vehicle exhaust exposure mediated by metabolic enzyme polymorphisms.
Variability in hydrocortisone plasma and saliva pharmacokinetics following intravenous and oral administration to patients with adrenal insufficiency.
The relationship between biomarkers of oxidative DNA damage, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts, antioxidant status and genetic susceptibility following exposure to environmental air pollution in humans.
Endometriosis among women exposed to polybrominated biphenyls.
Relation between plasma enterodiol and enterolactone and dietary intake of lignans in a Dutch endoscopy-based population.
Urinary hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons as biomarkers of exposure in asphalt workers.
A randomised comparison of increase in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration after 4 weeks of daily oral intake of 10 microg cholecalciferol from multivitamin tablets or fish oil capsules in healthy young adults.
A reduction in alcohol consumption is associated with reduced plasma F2-isoprostanes and urinary 20-HETE excretion in men.
Airway inflammation and adjuvant effect after repeated airborne exposures to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate and ovalbumin in BALB/c mice.
Reliability and validity of the Incontinence Quality of Life questionnaire in patients with neurogenic urinary incontinence.
Validation of three food frequency questionnaires to assess dietary calcium intake in adults.
Association between serum CRP concentrations with dietary intake in healthy and dyslipidaemic patients.
Exposure to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: influences on cellular susceptibility to DNA damage (sampling Kosice and Sofia).
Developmental delays and locomotor activity in the C57BL6/J mouse following neonatal exposure to the fully-brominated PBDE, decabromodiphenyl ether.
The influence of age at exposure to PBBs on birth outcomes.
Effects of plant sterol and stanol ester consumption on lipid metabolism, antioxidant status and markers of oxidative stress, endothelial function and low-grade inflammation in patients on current statin treatment.
Racial differences in clinical and pathological associations with PhIP-DNA adducts in prostate.
Variability of NT-proBNP plasma and urine levels in patients with stable heart failure: a 2-year follow-up study.
Thyroid hormone status of newborns in relation to in utero exposure to PCBs and hydroxylated PCB metabolites.
The influence of metabolic gene polymorphisms on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentrations in Chinese coke oven workers.
Urinary metabolites of diisodecyl phthalate in rats.
Dermal exposure and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene among asphalt roofing workers.
Dynamic blood pressure control and middle cerebral artery mean blood velocity variability at rest and during exercise in humans.
The reliability of nipple aspirate and ductal lavage in women at increased risk for breast cancer--a potential tool for breast cancer risk assessment and biomarker evaluation.
Congener-specific approach to human PCB concentrations by serum analysis.
Genetic deletion of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A is associated with resistance to atherosclerotic lesion development in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice challenged with a high-fat diet.
Milk and urine excretion of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their hydroxylated metabolites after a single oral administration in ruminants.
Coarse particulate matter (PM2.5-10) affects heart rate variability, blood lipids, and circulating eosinophils in adults with asthma.
Polychlorinated biphenyls, DDT, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and organic pesticides in United Kingdom harbor seals (Phoca vitulina)--mixed exposures and thyroid homeostasis.
Effects of two marine dietary supplements with high calcium content on calcium metabolism and biochemical marker of bone resorption.
1,2-Dimethylimidazole-4-sulfonyl chloride, a novel derivatization reagent for the analysis of phenolic compounds by liquid chromatography electrospray tandem mass spectrometry: application to 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine.
Reliability of mini-bronchoalveolar lavage for the measurement of epithelial lining fluid concentrations of tobramycin in critically ill patients.
Efficient syntheses of C(8)-aryl adducts of adenine and guanine formed by reaction of radical cation metabolites of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with DNA.
Biomarkers to disclose recent intake of alcohol: potential of 5-hydroxytryptophol glucuronide testing using new direct UPLC-tandem MS and ELISA methods.
Characterizing and biological monitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in exposures to diesel exhaust.
Self-reported dietary supplement use is confirmed by biological markers in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Assessment of human exposure to di-isodecyl phthalate using oxidative metabolites as biomarkers.
Thyroid ultrasound volume, structure and function after long-term high exposure of large population to polychlorinated biphenyls, pesticides and dioxin.
DNA adducts and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) tissue levels in blue mussels (Mytilus spp.) from Nordic coastal sites.
Relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire used in the Inter99 study.
Dietary intake of B(6-9-12) vitamins, serum homocysteine levels and their association with depressive symptoms: the Zutphen Elderly Study.
Partial volume effect compensation for improved reliability of quantitative blood-brain barrier permeability.
Early pre-pubertal exposure to low-dose oral di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate does not affect sperm plasma membrane stability, acrosomal integrity or chromatin structure in the post-pubertal boar.
Polychlorinated biphenyl levels in peripheral blood and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: a report from three cohorts.
Associations between smoking, polymorphisms in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolism and conjugation genes and PAH-DNA adducts in prostate tumors differ by race.
Potential use of biomarkers for analyzing interpopulation and cross-cultural variability in reproductive aging.
Review on uraemic solutes II--variability in reported concentrations: causes and consequences.
Comparative analysis of interindividual variations in the seminal plasma proteome of fertile men with identification of potential markers for azoospermia in infertile patients.
Increased plasma concentrations of lipoprotein(a) during a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet are associated with increased plasma concentrations of apolipoprotein C-III bound to apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins.
Twenty-four-hour urinary thiamine as a biomarker for the assessment of thiamine intake.
Nutrient and food intake in relation to serum leptin concentration among young Japanese women.
Maternal and cord serum exposure to PCB and DDE methyl sulfone metabolites in eastern Slovakia.
Effectiveness of a soy-based compared with a traditional low-calorie diet on weight loss and lipid levels in overweight adults.
Effects of lifestyle on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration.
Evaluation of the effect of heat exposure on the autonomic nervous system by heart rate variability and urinary catecholamines.
Serum concentrations of interleukin-8 in relation to different levels of alcohol consumption.
Development and validation of a short questionnaire to assess sodium intake.
High sodium intake strengthens the association of ACE I/D polymorphism with blood pressure in a community.
Concentrations of urinary phthalate metabolites are associated with increased waist circumference and insulin resistance in adult U.S. males.
Positive associations of serum concentration of polychlorinated biphenyls or organochlorine pesticides with self-reported arthritis, especially rheumatoid type, in women.
Long-term fish intake is associated with better lipid profile, arterial blood pressure, and blood glucose levels in elderly people from Mediterranean islands (MEDIS epidemiological study).
Environmental exposure to carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons--the interpretation of cytogenetic analysis by FISH.
Lower heart rate variability is associated with higher plasma concentrations of IL-6 in type 1 diabetes.
Interindividual variability in the concentration-effect relationship of antilymphocyte globulins - a possible influence of FcgammaRIIIa genetic polymorphism.
The rationale for paired pre- and postprandial self-monitoring of blood glucose: the role of glycemic variability in micro- and macrovascular risk.
Intake of phthalates and di(2-ethylhexyl)adipate: results of the Integrated Exposure Assessment Survey based on duplicate diet samples and biomonitoring data.
Within-subject variation of plasma resistin levels over a 1-year period.
Maternal exposure to polybrominated and polychlorinated biphenyls: infant birth weight and gestational age.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers among workers at an electronic waste dismantling region in Guangdong, China.
Relationship between dietary folate intakes, maternal plasma total homocysteine and B-vitamins during pregnancy and fetal growth in Japan.
Within-day reproducibility of an HPLC-MS-based method for metabonomic analysis: application to human urine.
Dietary fat intake and relationship to serum lipid levels in HIV-infected patients with metabolic abnormalities in the HAART era.
An alternatively spliced cytochrome P4501A1 in human brain fails to bioactivate polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons to DNA-reactive metabolites.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 195 pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Pinto bean consumption reduces biomarkers for heart disease risk.
Reliability of oxidative stress biomarkers in hemodialysis patients: a comparative study.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites may alter thyroid hormone levels in men.
Measurement of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and metabolites in mouse plasma after exposure to a commercial pentabromodiphenyl ether mixture.
A novel mechanism for polychlorinated biphenyl-induced decrease in serum thyroxine level in rats.
Variability in postheparin hepatic lipase activity is associated with plasma adiponectin levels in African Americans.
Disposition of bromodichloromethane in humans following oral and dermal exposure.
Environmental exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls reduce levels of gonadal hormones in newborns: results from the Duisburg cohort study.
Risk assessment of great horned owls (Bubo virginianus) exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and DDT along the Kalamazoo River, Michigan, USA.
Plasma to egg conversion factor for evaluating polychlorinated biphenyl and DDT exposures in great horned owls and bald eagles.
No effect on oxidative stress biomarkers by modified intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids or vegetables and fruit.
Significant positive correlation of plasma BPDE-albumin adducts to urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in coke oven workers.
Human serum albumin (HSA) nanoparticles: reproducibility of preparation process and kinetics of enzymatic degradation.
Determination of hydroxy metabolites of polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma and tissue by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry.
Epidemiologic assessment of sugars consumption using biomarkers: comparisons of obese and nonobese individuals in the European prospective investigation of cancer Norfolk.
Binary PAH mixtures cause additive or antagonistic effects on gene expression but synergistic effects on DNA adduct formation.
Quantitative identification of unknown exposure pathways of phthalates based on measuring their metabolites in human urine.
Analysis of PBDEs in soil, dust, spiked lake water, and human serum samples by hollow fiber-liquid phase microextraction combined with GC-ICP-MS.
Associations between urinary phthalate monoesters and thyroid hormones in pregnant women.
The impact of non-model-related variability on blood glucose prediction.
Trace element levels in adults from the west coast of Canada and associations with age, gender, diet, activities, and levels of other trace elements.
Validity of Pelvic Pain, Urgency, and Frequency questionnaire in patients with interstitial cystitis/painful bladder syndrome.
Certification of SRM 1589a PCBs, pesticides, PBDEs, and dioxins/furans in human serum.
Assessment of human exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers in China via fish consumption and inhalation.
Risk assessment of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by means of urinary1-hydroxypyrene.
A dietary iodine questionnaire: correlation with urinary iodine and food diaries.
Exposure and health-risk assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) for sinter plant workers.
Serum PCB levels and congener profiles among US construction workers.
Placental transfer of polychlorinated biphenyls, their hydroxylated metabolites and pentachlorophenol in pregnant women from eastern Slovakia.
The internal exposure of Taiwanese to phthalate--an evidence of intensive use of plastic materials.
Maternal serum polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations across critical windows of human development.
Systemic uptake of diethyl phthalate, dibutyl phthalate, and butyl paraben following whole-body topical application and reproductive and thyroid hormone levels in humans.
Fatty acid desaturase regulation in adipose tissue by dietary composition is independent of weight loss and is correlated with the plasma triacylglycerol response.
Genetic polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha modify the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and fasting HDL-cholesterol and apo A-I concentrations.
Urinary metabolites as biomarkers of acrylamide exposure in mice following dietary crisp bread administration or subcutaneous injection.
Reliability of an automatic ultrasound system for detecting postpartum urinary retention after vaginal birth.
Repeatability of central aortic blood pressures measured non-invasively using radial artery applanation tonometry and peripheral pulse wave analysis.
Hair mercury levels in relation to fish consumption in a community of the Moroccan Mediterranean coast.
Validity of a self-administered questionnaire, with reference to a clinical stress urinary incontinence test.
Relationship of alcohol consumption and type of alcoholic beverage consumed with plasma lipid levels: differences between Whites and African Americans of the ARIC study.
Dose-response modeling of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with biomarkers of exposure and effect.
Phytanic acid: measurement of plasma concentrations by gas-liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis and associations with diet and other plasma fatty acids.
Exposure of electronics dismantling workers to polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls, and organochlorine pesticides in South China.
Cadmium dietary intake and biomarker data in French high seafood consumers.
Relating mean blood glucose and glucose variability to the risk of multiple episodes of hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes.
Effect of In Ovo exposure to an organochlorine mixture extracted from double crested cormorant eggs (Phalacrocorax auritus) and PCB 126 on immune function of juvenile chickens.
Relations of adipose tissue CIDEA gene expression to basal metabolic rate, energy restriction, and obesity: population-based and dietary intervention studies.
Arterial blood flow of all abdominal-pelvic organs using Doppler ultrasound: range, variability and physiological impact.
Life style habits such as alcohol consumption and physical activity in relation to serum apoB / apoA-I ratio amongst 64-year-old women with varying degrees of glucose tolerance.
Dietary iron intake and serum ferritin in relation to 7.5 years structure and function of large arteries in the SUVIMAX cohort.
The association between betaine and choline intakes and the plasma concentrations of homocysteine in women.
Statins and dietary and serum cholesterol are associated with increased lean mass following resistance training.
Marital status and variability in cortisol excretion in postmenopausal women.
Can a faked cystometry deceive patients in their perception of filling sensations? A study on the reliability of spontaneously reported cystometric filling sensations in patients with non-neurogenic lower urinary tract dysfunction.
Effects of etoricoxib and comparator nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on urinary sodium excretion, blood pressure, and other renal function indicators in elderly subjects consuming a controlled sodium diet.
The role of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts in inducing mutations in mouse skin.
Plasma and dietary carotenoids are associated with reduced oxidative stress in women previously treated for breast cancer.
Polymorphisms in nucleotide excision repair genes, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, and breast cancer risk.
Long-term influence of diet and/or omega-3 fatty acids on matrix metalloproteinase-9 and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A in men at high risk of coronary heart disease.
New insights in the formation of deoxynucleoside adducts with the heterocyclic aromatic amines PhIP and IQ by means of ion trap MSn and accurate mass measurement of fragment ions.
Autonomic nervous system activity during bladder filling assessed by heart rate variability analysis in women with idiopathic overactive bladder syndrome or stress urinary incontinence.
Plasma concentrations of selected organobromine compounds and polychlorinated biphenyls in postmenopausal women of Qubec, Canada.
Diabetes in relation to serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and chlorinated pesticides in adult Native Americans.
Associations between prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and neonatal thyroid-stimulating hormone levels in a Mexican-American population, Salinas Valley, California.
Relationship between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts, environmental tobacco smoke, and child development in the World Trade Center cohort.
Microwave-assisted Suzuki cross-coupling reaction, a key step in the synthesis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and their metabolites.
Effect of dried-bonito broth intake on peripheral blood flow, mood, and oxidative stress marker in humans.
Ethnicity is an independent correlate of biomarkers of micronutrient intake and status in American adults.
Beef meat promotion of dimethylhydrazine-induced colorectal carcinogenesis biomarkers is suppressed by dietary calcium.
Starch source evaluation in calf starter: I. Feed consumption, body weight gain, structural growth, and blood metabolites in Holstein calves.
DNA variants, plasma levels and variability of C-reactive protein in myocardial infarction survivors: results from the AIRGENE study.
Milk intake and feeding behavior in the first week of life and its relationship to cord blood ghrelin, leptin, and insulin concentrations.
Variability and predictability of large-volume red blood cell transfusion in cardiac surgery: a multicenter study.
Reliability of studies of iodine intake and recommendations for number of samples in groups and in individuals.
The prevalence of low serum zinc and copper levels and dietary habits associated with serum zinc and copper in 12- to 36-month-old children from low-income families at risk for iron deficiency.
Temporal variability in urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites, phytoestrogens and phenols among minority children in the United States.
Determination of hydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by fully automated solid-phase microextraction derivatization and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Alcohol consumption, cardiovascular health, and endothelial function markers.
A simplified hollow-fibre supported liquid membrane extraction method for quantification of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in urine and plasma samples.
A population-based study in Ghana to investigate inter-individual variation in plasma t-PA and PAI-1.
Dietary indicators for assessing the adequacy of population zinc intakes.
Reproducibility of blood tests of liver fibrosis in clinical practice.
Distribution of PCDDs, PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in the blood, testis and adipose tissue of suckling beef calves.
Down-regulation of adhesion molecules and other inflammatory biomarkers after moderate wine consumption in healthy women: a randomized trial.
Interaction between dietary fat intake and the cholesterol ester transfer protein TaqIB polymorphism in relation to HDL-cholesterol concentrations among US diabetic men.
Quantification of 22 phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Changes in plasma free fatty acid levels in septic patients are associated with cardiac damage and reduction in heart rate variability.
Simple and sensitive quantification of bioactive peptides in biological matrices using liquid chromatography/selected reaction monitoring mass spectrometry coupled with trichloroacetic acid clean-up.
Serum levels of immunoglobulins (IgG, IgA, IgM) in a general adult population and their relationship with alcohol consumption, smoking and common metabolic abnormalities.
Whole-grain intake as a marker of healthy body weight and adiposity.
Intra-individual variation of plasma adipokine levels and utility of single measurement of these biomarkers in population-based studies.
Ascorbate and dehydroascorbic acid as reliable biomarkers of oxidative stress: analytical reproducibility and long-term stability of plasma samples subjected to acidic deproteinization.
Blood phenylalanine monitoring for dietary compliance among patients with phenylketonuria: comparison of methods.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in Steller's eiders (Polysticta stelleri) and Harlequin ducks (Histronicus histronicus) in the eastern Aleutian Islands, Alaska, USA.
Greater habitual soyfood consumption is associated with decreased carotid intima-media thickness and better plasma lipids in Chinese middle-aged adults.
Inhibition of human placental aromatase activity by hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers (OH-PBDEs).
Relationship between serum parathyroid hormone, vitamin D sufficiency, age, and calcium intake.
Accuracy and reproducibility of automated estradiol-17beta and progesterone assays using native serum samples: results obtained in the Belgian external assessment scheme.
Prevalence of hypertension and association of dietary mineral intake with blood pressure in healthy schoolchildren from northern Greece aged 7-15 years.
Urine pH is an indicator of dietary acid-base load, fruit and vegetables and meat intakes: results from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Norfolk population study.
A preliminary analysis of within-subject variation in human serum oxidative stress parameters as a function of time.
Intraindividual variation in levels of serum testosterone and other reproductive and adrenal hormones in men.
Carotenoid intakes, assessed by food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs), are associated with serum carotenoid concentrations in the Jackson Heart Study: validation of the Jackson Heart Study Delta NIRI Adult FFQs.
Dietary fiber is associated with serum sex hormones and insulin-related peptides in postmenopausal breast cancer survivors.
1-Hydroxypyrene concentrations in first morning voids and 24-h composite urine: intra- and inter-individual comparisons.
Phthalates: metabolism and exposure.
An examination of the evidence supporting the association of dietary cholesterol and saturated fats with serum cholesterol and development of coronary heart disease.
Assay-dependent variability of serum insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance test: influence on reference intervals for insulin and on cut-off values for insulin sensitivity indices.
Gene expression profiling in rat cerebellum following in utero and lactational exposure to mixtures of methylmercury, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides.
Shape variability and classification of human hair: a worldwide approach.
Roles of the genetic variation of alcohol-metabolizing enzymes on biomarkers in trauma patients with excessive alcohol intake at emergency department.
Relation of dietary salt and aldosterone to urinary protein excretion in subjects with resistant hypertension.
The relation of soy intake and isoflavone levels in nipple aspirate fluid.
Pilot evaluation of functional questionnaire for predicting ability of patients with tetraplegia to self-catheterize after continent diversion.
Developmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls PCB153 or PCB126 impairs learning ability in young but not in adult rats.
The Duisburg birth cohort study: influence of the prenatal exposure to PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs on thyroid hormone status in newborns and neurodevelopment of infants until the age of 24 months.
Biological monitoring of occupational exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate: survey of workers exposed to plastisols.
Blood levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in children and their association with oxidative stress indices: an Indian perspective.
New reference value and the background exposure for the PAH metabolites 1-hydroxypyrene and 1- and 2-naphthol in urine of the general population in Germany: basis for validation of human biomonitoring data in environmental medicine.
Maternal dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids modifies the relationship between lead levels in bone and breast milk.
Effect of carbohydrate intake during recovery from eccentric exercise on interleukin-6 and muscle-damage markers.
Variability of middle cerebral artery blood flow with hypercapnia in women.
Validity of a new food frequency questionnaire for pregnant women in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Case-control study of the effects of trihalomethanes on urinary bladder cancer risk.
Serum potassium changes with initiating low-carbohydrate compared to a low-fat weight loss diet in type 2 diabetes.
Higher levels of inflammation factors and greater insulin resistance are independently associated with higher heart rate and lower heart rate variability in normoglycemic older individuals: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Soy protein intake, cardiorenal indices, and C-reactive protein in type 2 diabetes with nephropathy: a longitudinal randomized clinical trial.
Consumption of fish from a contaminated lake strongly affects the concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and hexabromocyclododecane in serum.
Lowering effects of onion intake on oxidative stress biomarkers in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Variability in creatinine excretion in adult diabetic, overweight men and women: consequences on creatinine-based classification of renal disease.
Urinary excretion of phthalates and paraben after repeated whole-body topical application in humans.
Exogenous and endogenous determinants of blood trihalomethane levels after showering.
PCB-containing wood floor finish is a likely source of elevated PCBs in residents' blood, household air and dust: a case study of exposure.
Associations of dietary and serum copper with inflammation, oxidative stress, and metabolic variables in adults.
Relationships between leptin levels and carbohydrate intake during rowing training.
Isolation and recovery of selected polybrominated diphenyl ethers from human serum and sheep serum: coupling reversed-phase solid-phase disk extraction and liquid-liquid extraction techniques with a capillary gas chromatographic electron capture negative ion mass spectrometric determinative technique.
Subtype variability, virological response and drug resistance assessed on dried blood spots collected from HIV patients on antiretroviral therapy in Angola.
Stability and reliability of plasma level of lipid biomarkers and their correlation with dietary fat intake.
Cytochrome P4501A1 expression, polychlorinated biphenyls and hydroxylated metabolites, and adipocyte size of bottlenose dolphins from the Southeast United States.
Intra-individual variability in efavirenz plasma concentrations supports therapeutic drug monitoring based on quarterly sampling in the first year of therapy.
Large intraindividual variability of olanzapine serum concentrations in adolescent patients.
Trial-by-trial relationship between neural activity, oxygen consumption, and blood flow responses.
Diet/genetic interactions and their effects on inflammatory markers.
Baby care products: possible sources of infant phthalate exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon--DNA adducts in prostate and biochemical recurrence after prostatectomy.
Chronic dietary fat intake modifies the postprandial response of hemostatic markers to a single fatty test meal.
Reproducibility of serum leptin, insulin-like growth factor-I, and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 measurements.
Methylmercury exposure assessment using dietary and biomarker data among frequent seafood consumers in France CALIPSO study.
Dietary salt restriction increases plasma lipoprotein and inflammatory marker concentrations in hypertensive patients.
Plasma and dietary vitamin E in relation to insulin secretion and sensitivity.
EuroQol EQ-5D and condition-specific measures of health outcome in women with urinary incontinence: reliability, validity and responsiveness.
Relationships between different types of fruit and vegetable consumption and serum concentrations of antioxidant vitamins.
Synthesis of dibenzo[def,p]chrysene, its active metabolites, and their 13C-labeled analogues.
Serum PCB concentrations in relation to locally produced food items in eastern Slovakia.
Dietary plasma proteins modulate the immune response of diffuse gut-associated lymphoid tissue in rats challenged with Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxin B.
Temporal variability and predictors of urinary bisphenol A concentrations in men and women.
Polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and neuropsychological status among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Determination of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in breast milk, maternal blood and cord blood from residents of Tohoku, Japan.
Mutagenicity and DNA adduct formation of PAH, nitro-PAH, and oxy-PAH fractions of atmospheric particulate matter from So Paulo, Brazil.
Relationship between baseline cerebral blood flow and vascular responses to changes in PaCO2 measured by positron emission tomography in humans: implication of inter-individual variations of cerebral vascular tone.
Reliability of plasma carotenoid biomarkers and its relation to study power.
Urinary sugars biomarker relates better to extrinsic than to intrinsic sugars intake in a metabolic study with volunteers consuming their normal diet.
In Type 1 diabetic patients with good glycaemic control, blood glucose variability is lower during continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion than during multiple daily injections with insulin glargine.
Comparison of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon levels in placental tissues of Indian women with full- and preterm deliveries.
Comprehensive evaluation of bladder and urethral dysfunction symptoms: development and psychometric validation of the Urinary Symptom Profile (USP) questionnaire.
Concentration and profile of 22 urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites in the US population.
Relationship between insulin sensitivity and exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in pregnant women.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human serum and sperm quality.
In utero exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exerts both short-term and long-lasting suppressive effects on testosterone production in the rat.
Intraindividual variation in serum thyroid hormones, parathyroid hormone and insulin-like growth factor-1.
Genetic variability of West Nile virus in US blood donors, 2002-2005.
Effects of weight loss from a very-low-carbohydrate diet on endothelial function and markers of cardiovascular disease risk in subjects with abdominal obesity.
Lack of alterations in thyroid hormones following exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether 47 during a period of rapid brain development in mice.
Assessment of sexual health in aging men in Europe: development and validation of the European Male Ageing Study sexual function questionnaire.
Associations between age-related nuclear cataract and lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum in the Carotenoids in the Age-Related Eye Disease Study, an Ancillary Study of the Women's Health Initiative.
In utero and lactational exposures to low doses of polybrominated diphenyl ether-47 alter the reproductive system and thyroid gland of female rat offspring.
Phthalate diesters and their metabolites in human breast milk, blood or serum, and urine as biomarkers of exposure in vulnerable populations.
Variability in the pharmacokinetics of intravenous busulphan given as a single daily dose to paediatric blood or marrow transplant recipients.
Relationship between response of gamma-glutamyltransferase to alcohol consumption and levels of fasting plasma glucose.
Dietary and nutritional biomarkers of lens degeneration, oxidative stress and micronutrient inadequacies in Indian cataract patients.
Use of recovery biomarkers to calibrate nutrient consumption self-reports in the Women's Health Initiative.
Transfer of dietary zinc and fat to milk--evaluation of milk fat quality, milk fat precursors, and mastitis indicators.
Association between tortilla consumption and human urinary fumonisin B1 levels in a Mexican population.
Direct quantification of monohydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in synthetic urine samples via solid-phase extraction-room-temperature fluorescence excitation-emission matrix spectroscopy.
Effect of an exercise and dietary intervention on serum biomarkers in overweight and obese adults with osteoarthritis of the knee.
Fatty acid profiles of blood lipids in a population group in Tibet: correlations with diet and environmental conditions.
The relative impact of a vegetable-rich diet on key markers of health in a cohort of Australian adolescents.
Addendum to: Evaluation of PCDD/F and dioxin-like PCB serum concentration data from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey of the United States population.
Small (<2-cm) upper-tract urothelial carcinoma: evaluation with gadolinium-enhanced three-dimensional spoiled gradient-recalled echo MR urography.
CYP2A6 and the plasma level of 5-chloro-2, 4-dihydroxypyridine are determinants of the pharmacokinetic variability of tegafur and 5-fluorouracil, respectively, in Japanese patients with cancer given S-1.
Nonaqueous capillary electrophoresis for analysis of the ethanol consumption biomarker phosphatidylethanol.
Bofutsushosan, an Oriental Herbal Medicine, Attenuates the Weight Gain of White Adipose Tissue and the Increased Size of Adipocytes Associated with the Increase in Their Expression of Uncoupling Protein 1 in High-Fat Diet-Fed Male KK/Ta mice.
Analysis of multiple loci can increase reliability of detection of fetal Y-chromosome DNA in maternal plasma.
Subjective complaints in persons under chronic low-dose exposure to lower polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs).
Alkylresorcinols as biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake: plasma concentration and intake estimated from dietary records.
Inverse relation between dietary intake of naturally occurring plant sterols and serum cholesterol in northern Sweden.
Serum levels of PCDDs, PCDFs and PCBs in non-occupationally exposed population groups living near two incineration plants in Tuscany, Italy.
Elevated serum polybrominated diphenyl ethers and thyroid-stimulating hormone associated with lymphocytic micronuclei in Chinese workers from an E-waste dismantling site.
Characterization of phthalate exposure among pregnant women assessed by repeat air and urine samples.
Interobserver variability in the assessment of clinical criteria for suspected urinary tract infection in nursing home residents.
Human metabolic phenotype diversity and its association with diet and blood pressure.
Levels of 1-hydroxypyrene, symptoms and immunologic markers in vulcanization workers in the southern Sweden rubber industries.
Effects of cigarette smoking on heart rate variability and plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide in healthy subjects: is there the relationship between both markers?
Prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposures in eastern Slovakia modify effects of social factors on birthweight.
Blood levels of organotin compounds and their relation to fish consumption in Finland.
Strong correlation between the concentration of dioxins and total PCBs in current Japanese people.
Validation of the MEDFICTS dietary assessment questionnaire in a diverse population.
Photoinstability of S-nitrosothiols during sampling of whole blood: a likely source of error and variability in S-nitrosothiol measurements.
Alteration of sperm quality and hormone levels by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on airborne particulate particles.
Effects of soy protein isolate consumption on prostate cancer biomarkers in men with HGPIN, ASAP, and low-grade prostate cancer.
Sampling and analytical method development and hand wipe measurements of dermal exposures to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Levels and distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in various tissues of foraging hens from an electronic waste recycling area in South China.
Genotoxicity of combined exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and UVA--a mechanistic study.
The validity and reproducibility of food-frequency questionnaire-based total antioxidant capacity estimates in Swedish women.
Food selection based on total antioxidant capacity can modify antioxidant intake, systemic inflammation, and liver function without altering markers of oxidative stress.
Validation of soy protein estimates from a food-frequency questionnaire with repeated 24-h recalls and isoflavonoid excretion in overnight urine in a Western population with a wide range of soy intakes.
Ethnic and socioeconomic differences in variability in nutritional biomarkers.
Exposure to a mixture of polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans resulted in a prolonged time to pregnancy in women.
Concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans, and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood and breast milk collected from 60 mothers in Sapporo City, Japan.
Accuracy and reliability of pulse oximetry at different arterial carbon dioxide pressure levels.
Fish oil in combination with high or low intakes of linoleic acid lowers plasma triacylglycerols but does not affect other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy men.
Choline status is not a reliable indicator of moderate changes in dietary choline consumption in premenopausal women.
Evolution of bacterial susceptibility pattern of Escherichia coli in uncomplicated urinary tract infections in a country with high antibiotic consumption: a comparison of two surveys with a 10 year interval.
Concentration of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in household dust from various countries.
A dietary pattern characterized by high consumption of whole-grain cereals and low-fat dairy products and low consumption of refined cereals is positively associated with plasma adiponectin levels in healthy women.
The exposure of temple workers to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
PCDD/F and PCB in human serum of differently exposed population groups of an Italian city.
Serum levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in foam recyclers and carpet installers working in the United States.
Association of urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations with body mass index and waist circumference: a cross-sectional study of NHANES data, 1999-2002.
Accumulation of M1dG DNA adducts after chronic exposure to PCBs, but not from acute exposure to polychlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and regression of randomised controlled trials reporting an association between an intake of circa 25 g soya protein per day and blood cholesterol.
Relationship between individual ventilatory response and acute renal water excretion at high altitude.
Occupational exposure to dibutyl phthalate among manicurists.
Serum concentrations of indicator PCB congeners in the Czech adult population.
Effects of exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides on thyroid function during pregnancy.
Reliability of dynamometric passive properties of the pelvic floor muscles in postmenopausal women with stress urinary incontinence.
Human internal and external exposure to PBDEs--a review of levels and sources.
Quercetin transiently increases energy expenditure but persistently decreases circulating markers of inflammation in C57BL/6J mice fed a high-fat diet.
Concentrations of brominated flame retardants in dust from United Kingdom cars, homes, and offices: causes of variability and implications for human exposure.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure, urinary mutagenicity, and DNA adducts in rubber manufacturing workers.
Relationship of thyroid hormone levels to levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, lead, p,p'- DDE, and other toxicants in Akwesasne Mohawk youth.
Comparison of enzymatically synthesized inulin, resistant maltodextrin and clofibrate effects on biomarkers of metabolic disease in rats fed a high-fat and high-sucrose (cafeteria) diet.
Recombinant adeno-associated virus-mediated human kallikrein gene therapy prevents high-salt diet-induced hypertension without effect on basal blood pressure.
Lack of neurodevelopmental adversity by prenatal exposure of infants to current lowered PCB levels: comparison of two German birth cohort studies.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs), polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and organochlorine pesticides in human blood of pregnant women from Germany.
New biomarkers of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Evaluation of time dependence and interindividual differences in benzo[a]pyrene-mediated CYP1A1 induction and genotoxicity in porcine urinary bladder cell cultures.
Reliability of GFR formulas based on serum creatinine, with special reference to the MDRD Study equation.
A pilot study associating urinary concentrations of phthalate metabolites and semen quality.
Serum TNF-alpha levels in relation to alcohol consumption and common TNF gene polymorphisms.
Associations between dietary methods and biomarkers, and between fruits and vegetables and risk of ischaemic heart disease, in the EPIC Norfolk Cohort Study.
The relationship between dietary protein intake and blood pressure: results from the PREMIER study.
Altered first-pass effects in a liver transplant recipient explained intraindividual variation in calcineurin inhibitor concentrations: a case report.
Elevated levels of urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in male electrical and electronic equipment dismantling workers exposed to high concentrations of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and polychlorinated biphenyls.
Carbohydrate intake modifies associations between ANGPTL4[E40K] genotype and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in White men from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Assessment of current serum levels of PCDD/Fs, dl-PCBs and PBDEs in a Dutch cohort with known perinatal PCDD/F exposure.
Determination of heterocyclic aromatic amines in human urine by using hollow-fibre supported liquid membrane extraction and liquid chromatography-ultraviolet detection system.
The relation between the estimated dietary intake of PCDD/Fs and levels in blood in a Flemish population (50-65 years).
Immunophenotyping of chicken peripheral blood lymphocyte subpopulations: individual variability and repeatability.
Impact of diisobutyl phthalate and other PPAR agonists on steroidogenesis and plasma insulin and leptin levels in fetal rats.
Mediterranean diet and plasma concentration of inflammatory markers in old and very old subjects in the ZINCAGE population study.
Relationship of dietary linoleic acid to blood pressure. The International Study of Macro-Micronutrients and Blood Pressure Study [corrected].
Distribution of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human breast milk from various locations in Tunisia: levels of contamination, influencing factors, and infant risk assessment.
A priori-defined dietary patterns and markers of cardiovascular disease risk in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Relations between dietary sodium and potassium intakes and mortality from cardiovascular disease: the Japan Collaborative Cohort Study for Evaluation of Cancer Risks.
Markers of dietary fat quality and fatty acid desaturation as predictors of total and cardiovascular mortality: a population-based prospective study.
Umbilical venous blood flow measurement: accuracy and reproducibility.
Abdominal adipose tissue: early metabolic dysfunction associated to insulin resistance and oxidative stress induced by an unbalanced diet.
Association of aryl hydrocarbon receptor gene polymorphisms and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene in polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed workers.
Herring ( Clupea harengus) intake influences lipoproteins but not inflammatory and oxidation markers in overweight men.
Comparison of the effects of a high- and normal-casein breakfast on satiety, 'satiety' hormones, plasma amino acids and subsequent energy intake.
Urinary water-soluble vitamins and their metabolite contents as nutritional markers for evaluating vitamin intakes in young Japanese women.
Association between prenatal exposure to phthalates and the health of newborns.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in humans is associated with increased plasma endotoxin and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 concentrations and with fructose intake.
Determination of unbound antiretroviral drug concentrations by a modified ultrafiltration method reveals high variability in the free fraction.
Large variability of aripiprazole and dehydroaripiprazole serum concentrations in adolescent patients with schizophrenia.
Cross-cultural development and psychometric evaluation of a patient-reported health-related quality of life questionnaire for adults with haemophilia.
Concentration and age-dependent elimination kinetics of polychlorinated dibenzofurans in Yucheng and Yusho patients.
Pulsatile cerebrospinal fluid and plasma ghrelin in relation to growth hormone secretion and food intake in the sheep.
Metabolomic profiling of a modified alcohol liquid diet model for liver injury in the mouse uncovers new markers of disease.
Alveolar air and urine analyses as biomarkers of exposure to trihalomethanes in an indoor swimming pool.
Evaluation of background persistent organic pollutant levels in human from Taiwan: polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans, and biphenyls.
Reproducibility of energy intake, gastric emptying, blood glucose, plasma insulin and cholecystokinin responses in healthy young males.
Polymorphisms of the SHBG gene contribute to the interindividual variation of sex steroid hormone blood levels in young, middle-aged and elderly men.
Acute effects of the very low carbohydrate diet on sleep indices.
Lactational exposure to phthalates in Southern Italy.
Relation of dietary and other lifestyle traits to difference in serum adiponectin concentration of Japanese in Japan and Hawaii: the INTERLIPID Study.
Biomonitoring of urinary metabolites of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) following human consumption of cooked chicken.
Blood glucose variability is associated with mortality in the surgical intensive care unit.
Reproducibility of serum pituitary hormones in women.
Prenatal phenol and phthalate exposures and birth outcomes.
Interactions between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in binary mixtures: effects on gene expression and DNA adduct formation in precision-cut rat liver slices.
Concentrations of PCDD/PCDFs in plasma of subjects living in the vicinity of a hazardous waste incinerator: follow-up and modeling validation.
Congener-specific analysis of non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in blood collected from 195 pregnant women in Sapporo City, Japan.
Perinatal exposure to brominated flame retardants and polychlorinated biphenyls in Japan.
Reduced expression of von Hippel-Lindau gene in subjects exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Urinary sucrose and fructose as biomarkers of sugar consumption: comparison of normal weight and obese volunteers.
Variation in osteoarthritis biomarkers from activity not food consumption.
Blood oxidative stress biomarkers: influence of sex, exercise training status, and dietary intake.
Exploratory assessment of sportfish consumption and polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure in New York State anglers.
[Variability of some blood serum beta-globulins in the life cycle of the true sturgeons (Acipenseridae)].
Urinary metabolite concentrations of organophosphorous pesticides, bisphenol A, and phthalates among pregnant women in Rotterdam, the Netherlands: the Generation R study.
Role of sex and time of blood sampling in SOD1 and SOD2 expression variability.
Proteomic profiling of ovine serum by SELDI-TOF MS: optimisation, reproducibility and feasibility of biomarker discovery using routinely collected samples.
Adequate Intake levels of choline are sufficient for preventing elevations in serum markers of liver dysfunction in Mexican American men but are not optimal for minimizing plasma total homocysteine increases after a methionine load.
Association between blood pressure responses to the cold pressor test and dietary sodium intervention in a Chinese population.
Prostate-specific antigen levels in relation to consumption of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and acetaminophen: results from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Time course of high-fat diet-induced reductions in adipose tissue mitochondrial proteins: potential mechanisms and the relationship to glucose intolerance.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in aircraft cabins--a source of human exposure?
Vitellogenin induction and increased plasma 17beta-estradiol concentrations in male Nile tilapia, Oreochromis niloticus, exposed to organochlorine pollutants and polycyclic aromatics hydrocarbons.
Cross validation and ruggedness testing of analytical methods used for the quantification of urinary phthalate metabolites.
Food frequency questionnaires and overnight urines are valid indicators of daidzein and genistein intake in U.S. women relative to multiple 24-h urine samples.
Mass spectrometric investigation of the sequence selectivity for adduction of heterocyclic aromatic amines on single-strand oligonucleotides.
Bone mineral density changes in relation to environmental PCB exposure.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, air pollution exposure and associated life style factors in pregnant women.
Exposure assessment of French women and their newborn to brominated flame retardants: determination of tri- to deca- polybromodiphenylethers (PBDE) in maternal adipose tissue, serum, breast milk and cord serum.
Regular consumption of dark chocolate is associated with low serum concentrations of C-reactive protein in a healthy Italian population.
Up-regulated expression of microRNA-143 in association with obesity in adipose tissue of mice fed high-fat diet.
Zinc intake and biochemical markers of bone turnover in type 1 diabetes.
Physiologic variability of vascular access blood flow for hemodialysis.
Analysis of the interindividual conservation of T cell receptor alpha- and beta-chain variable regions gene in the peripheral blood of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal construct validity of the Saint George's Respiratory Questionnaire in patients with IPF.
Intraindividual variability in serum micronutrients: effects on reliability of estimated parameters.
Low wintertime vitamin D levels in a sample of healthy young adults of diverse ancestry living in the Toronto area: associations with vitamin D intake and skin pigmentation.
Chemometrics-assisted excitation-emission fluorescence spectroscopy on nylon membranes. Simultaneous determination of benzo[a]pyrene and dibenz[a,h]anthracene at parts-per-trillion levels in the presence of the remaining EPA PAH priority pollutants as interferences.
Distribution of organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in human serum from urban areas in Korea.
Association of clinical findings in Yusho patients with serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, polychlorinated quarterphenyls and 2,3,4,7,8-pentachlorodibenzofuran more than 30 years after the poisoning event.
Reproducibility of tumor blood flow quantification with 15O-water PET.
Beverage-specific effects of ethanol consumption on its biological markers.
Micronuclei related to anti-B[a]PDE-DNA adduct in peripheral blood lymphocytes of heavily polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-exposed nonsmoking coke-oven workers and controls.
The relationship between usual coffee consumption and serum C-reactive protein level in a Japanese female population.
Non-destructive assessment of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure by fluorimetric analysis of crab urine.
Bean consumption is associated with greater nutrient intake, reduced systolic blood pressure, lower body weight, and a smaller waist circumference in adults: results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002.
The relationship of serum osteocalcin concentration to insulin secretion, sensitivity, and disposal with hypocaloric diet and resistance training.
Intra- and interobserver reliability of umbilical vein blood flow.
Dietary exposure to 5-hydroxymethylfurfural from Norwegian food and correlations with urine metabolites of short-term exposure.
Blood oxidative stress markers in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and how it correlates with diet.
Polychlorinated biphenyl serum concentrations, lifestyle and time-to-pregnancy.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and malondialdehyde in male workers in Chinese restaurants.
Birth delivery mode modifies the associations between prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) and polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) and neonatal thyroid hormone levels.
The relationship between prenatal PCB exposure and intelligence (IQ) in 9-year-old children.
Measurement of transferable chemical residue from nylon carpet using the California roller and a new mega-California roller.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations among workers in selected industries: a pilot biomonitoring study.
Effects of immersion in water containing high concentrations of CO2 (CO2-water) at thermoneutral on thermoregulation and heart rate variability in humans.
Development of a gas chromatography/mass spectrometry method to quantify several urinary monohydroxy metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in occupationally exposed subjects.
Comparison of five extraction methods for measuring PCBs, PBDEs, organochlorine pesticides, and lipid content in serum.
Validation of the CALUX bioassay for PCDD/F analyses in human blood plasma and comparison with GC-HRMS.
Mortality after exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polychlorinated dibenzofurans: a 40-year follow-up study of Yusho patients.
Twelve-hour reproducibility of retinal and optic nerve blood flow parameters in healthy individuals.
PCB accumulation in osprey exposed to local sources in lake sediment.
Consumption of oat beta-glucan with or without plant stanols did not influence inflammatory markers in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Serum polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among children with and without asthma: correlation to environmental and dietary factors.
Selenium intake reduces serum C3, an early marker of metabolic syndrome manifestations, in healthy young adults.
Relationship between fish intake, n-3 fatty acids, mercury and risk markers of CHD (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002).
N2-ethyldeoxyguanosine as a potential biomarker for assessing effects of alcohol consumption on DNA.
PCB levels in humans in an area of PCB transformer recycling.
Validation of overweight children's fruit and vegetable intake using plasma carotenoids.
Dietary intake and serum bone related chemistry and their correlations in postmenopausal Iranian women.
Relationship of urinary arsenic metabolites to intake estimates in residents of the Red River Delta, Vietnam.
Kinetics of selected di-n-butyl phthalate metabolites and fetal testosterone following repeated and single administration in pregnant rats.
Evaluation of supplementary stevia (Stevia rebaudiana, bertoni) leaves and stevioside in broiler diets: effects on feed intake, nutrient metabolism, blood parameters and growth performance.
Urinary naphthalene and phenanthrene as biomarkers of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Heart rate variability, overnight urinary norepinephrine and C-reactive protein: evidence for the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in healthy human adults.
Evaluation of urgency in women, with a validated Urgency, Severity and Impact Questionnaire (USIQ).
Determinants of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide in South Korean children.
Monoclonal antibody development for acrylamide-adducted human haemoglobin; a biomarker of dietary acrylamide exposure.
The Danish anal sphincter rupture questionnaire: validity and reliability.
The association between dietary vitamin K intake and serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin is modulated by vitamin K epoxide reductase genotype.
Psychometric validation of the overactive bladder satisfaction with treatment questionnaire (OAB-SAT-q).
Reproducibility of ultrasonic measurements of pelvic floor structures in women suffering from urinary incontinence.
Elevated house dust and serum concentrations of PBDEs in California: unintended consequences of furniture flammability standards?
Accuracy and reliability of continuous blood glucose monitor in post-surgical patients.
Chardonnay grape seed procyanidin extract supplementation prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity in hamsters by improving adipokine imbalance and oxidative stress markers.
Analysis of hydroxylated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine using comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography with a flame ionization detector.
Comparison of selenium levels and sources and dietary fat quality in diets for broiler breeders and layer hens.
Variability in the plasma concentration of efavirenz and nevirapine is associated with genotypic resistance after treatment interruption.
Fish ingestion and congener specific polychlorinated biphenyl and p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene serum concentrations in a great lakes cohort of pregnant African American women.
Pharmacokinetic study of the variability of indinavir drug levels when boosted with ritonavir in HIV-infected children.
Hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in the blood of mammals and birds from Japan: lower chlorinated OH-PCBs and profiles.
Impact of body weight on the relationship between alcohol intake and blood pressure.
DNA variants, plasma levels and variability of interleukin-6 in myocardial infarction survivors: results from the AIRGENE study.
The zebrafish gill model: induction of CYP1A, EROD and PAH adduct formation.
Dose response of whole-grain biomarkers: alkylresorcinols in human plasma and their metabolites in urine in relation to intake.
Polymorphisms cyclooxygenase-2 -765G>C and interleukin-6 -174G>C are associated with serum inflammation markers in a high cardiovascular risk population and do not modify the response to a Mediterranean diet supplemented with virgin olive oil or nuts.
1-Hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of PAH exposure in the marine polychaete Nereis diversicolor.
Dioxin and dioxin-like PCB profiles in the serum of industrial and municipal waste incinerator workers in Korea.
Reproducibility of serum cytokines and growth factors.
Urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate are associated with decreased steroid hormone levels in adult men.
A liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry method for the simultaneous measurement of 15 urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites: assay reproducibility and interindividual variability.
Reproducibility and correlations of multiplex cytokine levels in asymptomatic persons.
Concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in blood of Yusho patients over 35 years after the incident.
Total internal reflected resonance light scattering determination of protein in human blood serum at water/tetrachloromethane interface with Arsenazo-TB and Cetyltrimethylammonium bromide.
Red meat intake is associated with metabolic syndrome and the plasma C-reactive protein concentration in women.
Plasma gas-switching method for gas chromatography/inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry and determination of polybrominated diphenylethers with high precision and sensitivity.
Quantum chemical studies on ultimate carcinogenic metabolites from polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Variability and reproducibility of hepatic FDG uptake measured as SUV as well as tissue-to-blood background ratio using positron emission tomography in healthy humans.
Consumption of breakfast cereal is associated with positive health outcomes: evidence from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
Following 2 diet-restricted male outdoor rock climbers: impact on oxidative stress and improvements in markers of cardiovascular risk.
Repeatability of rest and hyperemic myocardial blood flow measurements with 82Rb dynamic PET.
Effects of soy isoflavone consumption on bone structure and milk mineral concentration in a rat model of lactation-associated bone loss.
Evaluation of new leptin fragments on food intake and body weight of normal rats.
A casein diet added isoflavone-enriched soy protein favorably affects biomarkers of steatohepatitis in obese Zucker rats.
Validation of an FFQ for evaluation of EPA and DHA intake.
Dietary exposure and biomarkers of arsenic in consumers of fish and shellfish from France.
Evaluation of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation (eGFR) against simultaneous, dual-marker multi-sample measurements of glomerular filtration rate.
Urinary levels of oxidative DNA and RNA damage among workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in silicon production: comparison with 1-hydroxypyrene.
Sex-related differences in the variability of vascular blood flow in middle-age individuals.
Dietary calcium and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D status in relation to BMD among U.S. adults.
METHODS FOR AROMATIC AND HETEROCYCLIC AMINE CARCINOGEN-DNA ADDUCT ANALYSIS BY LIQUID CHROMATOGRAPHY-TANDEM MASS SPECTROMETRY.
Serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin as biomarker of vitamin K intake and risk of prostate cancer: a nested case-control study in the Heidelberg cohort of the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition.
A simple pharmacokinetic model to characterize exposure of Americans to di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Inflammation-associated serum and colon markers as indicators of dietary attenuation of colon carcinogenesis in ob/ob mice.
Plasma C-peptide is inversely associated with calcium intake in women and with plasma 25-hydroxy vitamin D in men.
Quantification of phase I/II metabolizing enzyme gene expression and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adduct levels in human prostate.
PAH exposure in a Ghanaian population at high risk for aflatoxicosis.
In utero and lactational exposures to diethylhexyl-phthalate affect two populations of Leydig cells in male Long-Evans rats.
Psychometric validation of the Chinese version of the Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised for patients with hypertension.
Reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire for lower urinary tract symptoms in both genders.
Rapid Folin-Ciocalteu method using microtiter 96-well plate cartridges for solid phase extraction to assess urinary total phenolic compounds, as a biomarker of total polyphenols intake.
Elevation of oxidative-damage biomarkers during aging in F2 hybrid mice: protection by chronic oral intake of resveratrol.
Adult women's blood mercury concentrations vary regionally in the United States: association with patterns of fish consumption (NHANES 1999-2004).
Concentrations of phthalate metabolites in milk, urine, saliva, and Serum of lactating North Carolina women.
Hydroxylated metabolites of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human blood samples from the United States.
Resveratrol metabolites in urine as a biomarker of wine intake in free-living subjects: The PREDIMED Study.
Genetic variants in phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase and methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase influence biomarkers of choline metabolism when folate intake is restricted.
Red blood cell delta15N: a novel biomarker of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intake.
Pregame urine specific gravity and fluid intake by National Basketball Association players during competition.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-DNA adducts and survival among women with breast cancer.
Altered stress-induced cortisol levels in goats exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB 126 and PCB 153) during fetal and postnatal development.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) metabolites in Atlantic cod exposed via water or diet to a synthetic produced water.
Antaxia-telangiectasia mutated gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to chromosomal damage among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposed workers.
Validation of the self-completed Cambridge-Hopkins questionnaire (CH-RLSq) for ascertainment of restless legs syndrome (RLS) in a population survey.
Levels of urinary human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) following conception and variability of menstrual cycle length in a cohort of women attempting to conceive.
Comparison of seizure reduction and serum fatty acid levels after receiving the ketogenic and modified Atkins diet.
Urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in relation to idiopathic male infertility.
Psychometric validation of the Japanese version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Short Form.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) concentrations in house dust are related to hormone levels in men.
Plasma hepcidin concentrations significantly predict interindividual variation in iron absorption in healthy men.
Associations between marine food consumption and plasma concentrations of POPs in a Norwegian coastal population.
Effects of waking time and breakfast intake prior to evaluation of psychomotor performance in the early morning.
Validation of Spanish versions of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ): a multicenter validation randomized study.
Urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and monohydroxy metabolites as biomarkers of exposure in coke oven workers.
Relation of DNA methylation of 5'-CpG island of ACSL3 to transplacental exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and childhood asthma.
Reliability of self-report versus chart-based prostate cancer, PSA, DRE and urinary symptoms.
The effects of dietary fibre on C-reactive protein, an inflammation marker predicting cardiovascular disease.
Associations between macronutrient intake and self-reported appetite and fasting levels of appetite hormones: results from the Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease.
Arabic validation of the short form of Urogenital Distress Inventory (UDI-6) questionnaire.
Synchronous fluorescence determination of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene, beta-naphthol and 9-hydroxyphenanthrene based on the sensitizing effect of beta-cyclodextrin.
Oxidative DNA adducts after Cu(2+)-mediated activation of dihydroxy PCBs: role of reactive oxygen species.
Dietary protein during gestation affects circulating indicators of placental function and fetal development in heifers.
Effect of diet-induced energy deficit and body fat reduction on high-sensitive CRP and other inflammatory markers in obese subjects.
Effect of dietary iron overload in rat brain: oxidative stress, neurotransmitter level and serum metal ion in relation to neurodegenerative disorders.
Identification of potential mechanisms of toxicity after di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate (DEHP) adult exposure in the liver using a systems biology approach.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and its relation to markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in adolescents.
Validation of an antioxidant nutrient questionnaire in whites and African Americans.
Relationship between dietary exposure and serum perfluorochemical (PFC) levels--a case study.
Interindividual divergence in the relationship between the values of plasma glucose and hemoglobin A1c in type 2 diabetes.
Association of blood pressure levels with the effects of alcohol intake on the vasculature in Japanese men.
Relationships between faecal phytate and mineral excretion depend on dietary phytate and age.
Exposure assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in Mexican children.
Medications as a potential source of exposure to phthalates in the U.S. population.
Temporal stability of eight phthalate metabolites and their glucuronide conjugates in human urine.
Within-person variability in urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations: measurements from specimens after long-term frozen storage.
Association of cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, and physical activity with sex steroid hormone levels in US men.
Rheumatoid cachexia is associated with dyslipidemia and low levels of atheroprotective natural antibodies against phosphorylcholine but not with dietary fat in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a cross-sectional study.
A review of the use of ethyl glucuronide as a marker for ethanol consumption in forensic and clinical medicine.
Reproducibility of plasma alkylresorcinols during a 6-week rye intervention study in men with prostate cancer.
Comparison of three commercially available prescription diet regimens on short-term post-prandial serum glucose and insulin concentrations in healthy cats.
Factors associated with variability in outcomes for children hospitalized with urinary tract infection.
Relation of heart rate variability to serum levels of C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and 10 in patients with sepsis and septic shock.
Analysis of polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum by gas chromatography-mass selective detection operating at high ion source temperature.
Prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in serum in relation to blood lead concentration and alcohol consumption in men.
PCBs and DDE, but not PBDEs, increase with trophic level and marine input in nestling bald eagles.
(Pre)analytical imprecision, between-subject variability, and daily variations in serum and urine hepcidin: implications for clinical studies.
Associations between blood gastrin, ghrelin, leptin, pepsinogen and Ostertagia ostertagi antibody concentrations and voluntary feed intake in calves exposed to a trickle infection with O. ostertagi.
Phthalate exposure in girls during early puberty.
PCB, PCDD and PCDF contamination of food of animal origin as the effect of soil pollution and the cause of human exposure in Brescia.
Relationship between insulin resistance-associated metabolic parameters and anthropometric measurements with sugar-sweetened beverage intake and physical activity levels in US adolescents: findings from the 1999-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Toxicological and Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of Concomitant Intake of Grapefruit Juice and Simvastatin in Rats after Repeated Treatment over 28 Days.
Reproducibility of cerebral phenylalanine levels in patients with phenylketonuria determined by 1H-MR spectroscopy.
Increased consumption of wheat biofortified with selenium does not modify biomarkers of cancer risk, oxidative stress, or immune function in healthy Australian males.
Drug-adherence questionnaires not valid for patients taking blood-pressure-lowering drugs in a primary health care setting.
The association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and adiponectin levels among healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
Prenatal phthalate exposure and performance on the Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale in a multiethnic birth cohort.
Modified alternate-day fasting and cardioprotection: relation to adipose tissue dynamics and dietary fat intake.
Comparison of the fast-induced and high dietary zinc-induced molting: trace elements dynamic in serum and eggs at different production stages in hens (Gallus domesticus).
Oxidative stress alters creatine kinase system in serum and brain regions of polychlorinated biphenyl (Aroclor 1254)-exposed rats: protective role of melatonin.
IgA immune responses against acetaldehyde adducts and biomarkers of alcohol consumption in patients with IgA glomerulonephritis.
External exposure and bioaccumulation of PCBs in humans living in a contaminated urban environment.
Levels of metabolites of organophosphate pesticides, phthalates, and bisphenol A in pooled urine specimens from pregnant women participating in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
High dietary taurine reduces apoptosis and atherosclerosis in the left main coronary artery: association with reduced CCAAT/enhancer binding protein homologous protein and total plasma homocysteine but not lipidemia.
A comparison of antibody testing, permeability testing, and zonulin levels with small-bowel biopsy in celiac disease patients on a gluten-free diet.
Development and reproducibility of a novel high-performance liquid-chromatography monolithic column method for the detection and quantification of trans-indolyl-3-acryloylglycine in human urine.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in Spanish adults: determinants of serum concentrations.
Associations of dietary long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and fish with biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation (from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis [MESA]).
Comparing methods for accounting for seasonal variability in a biomarker when only a single sample is available: insights from simulations based on serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d.
Variability in measurements of blood glucose response to foods in human subjects is not reduced after a standard breakfast.
Fetal exposure to phthalates--a pilot study.
Uridine diphosphoglucuronosyltransferase 1A7 gene polymorphism and susceptibility to chromosomal damage among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposed workers.
The occupational exposure of dermatology nurses to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons - evaluating the effectiveness of better skin protection.
Determination of total and free mono-n-butyl phthalate in human urine samples after medication of a di-n-butyl phthalate containing capsule.
Validity of estimated dietary eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intakes determined by interviewer-administered food frequency questionnaire among older adults with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment or dementia.
Hydroxylated PCB metabolites (OH-PCBs) in archived serum from 1950-60s California mothers: a pilot study.
PAH-DNA adducts, cigarette smoking, GST polymorphisms, and breast cancer risk.
Biomonitoring of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and its carcinogenic metabolites in urine.
Bioavailability of phenolic antioxidants associated with dietary fiber: plasma antioxidant capacity after acute and long-term intake in humans.
The effects of a low-sodium base-producing diet including red meat compared with a high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet on bone turnover markers in women aged 45-75 years.
Association of CYP7A1 -278A>C polymorphism and the response of plasma triglyceride after dietary intervention in dyslipidemic patients.
Update on common indicators of nutritional status: food access, food consumption, and biochemical measures of iron and anemia.
Associations between dietary macronutrient intake and plasma lipids demonstrate criterion performance of the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) food-frequency questionnaire.
Reliability of an incremental exercise test to evaluate acute blood lactate, heart rate and body temperature responses in Labrador retrievers.
An integrated approach for identification of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) pollutant sources based on human blood contents.
Metabolite profiling of hydroxycinnamate derivatives in plasma and urine after the ingestion of coffee by humans: identification of biomarkers of coffee consumption.
Weekly compared with daily blood glucose monitoring in women with diet-treated gestational diabetes.
Differential associations of dietary sodium and potassium  intake with blood pressure: a focus on pulse pressure.
Within-person variability in urinary bisphenol A concentrations: measurements from specimens after long-term frozen storage.
Contribution of trichloroacetic acid to liver tumors observed in perchloroethylene (perc)-exposed mice.
Waist circumference and fat intake are associated with high blood pressure in Mexican children aged 8 to 10 years.
Foods E-KINDEX: a dietary index associated with reduced blood pressure levels among young children: the CYKIDS study.
Associations of alcohol consumption with blood pressure and serum lipids in Japanese female smokers and nonsmokers.
The clinical variability of maternally inherited diabetes and deafness is associated with the degree of heteroplasmy in blood leukocytes.
Reliability and validity of a semi-quantitative FFQ for sodium intake in low-income and low-literacy Brazilian hypertensive subjects.
The University of Michigan Dioxin Exposure Study: population survey results and serum concentrations for polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and biphenyls.
Variability in diagnosis of clue cells, lactobacillary grading and white blood cells in vaginal wet smears with conventional bright light and phase contrast microscopy.
Genetic variability of HVRII mtDNA in cord blood and respiratory morbidity in children.
Serum levels of polychlorinated dibenzodioxins and dibenzofurans and PCBs in the general population living near an urban waste treatment plant in Biscay, Basque Country.
Exploration of biomarkers for total fish intake in pregnant Norwegian women.
A biomarker approach to estimate the daily intake of benzene in non-smoking and smoking individuals in Germany.
Feeding a diet with decreased protein content reduces indices of protein fermentation and the incidence of postweaning diarrhea in weaned pigs challenged with an enterotoxigenic strain of Escherichia coli.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene levels in offshore workers.
Relations between protein intake and blood pressure in Japanese men and women: the Circulatory Risk in Communities Study (CIRCS).
Inhibition of markers of bone resorption by consumption of vitamin D and calcium-fortified soft plain cheese by institutionalised elderly women.
A novel headspace solid-phase microextraction method using in situ derivatization and a diethoxydiphenylsilane fibre for the gas chromatography-mass spectrometry determination of urinary hydroxy polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Sexual maturation affects diet-blood total cholesterol association in children: Project HeartBeat!
Reproducibility and accuracy of quantitative myocardial blood flow assessment with (82)Rb PET: comparison with (13)N-ammonia PET.
Selective detection of phosphatidylethanol homologues in blood as biomarkers for alcohol consumption by LC-ESI-MS/MS.
Phthalates and other additives in plastics: human exposure and associated health outcomes.
Risk assessment of PCDD/Fs levels in human tissues related to major food items based on chemical analyses and micro-EROD assay.
Preliminary evaluation of phosphatidylethanol and alcohol consumption in patients with liver disease and hypertension.
Changes in vitamin biomarkers during a 2-year intervention trial involving increased fruit and vegetable consumption by free-living volunteers.
Validation of Alzheimer's disease CSF and plasma biological markers: the multicentre reliability study of the pilot European Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (E-ADNI).
Biomarkers measured by cytokinesis-block micronucleus cytome assay for evaluating genetic damages induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Effects of unsaturated fat dietary supplements on blood lipids, and on markers of malnutrition and inflammation in hemodialysis patients.
Trans fat feeding results in higher serum alanine aminotransferase and increased insulin resistance compared with a standard murine high-fat diet.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA damage by industry: a nationwide study in Germany.
Factors influencing concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in students from Antwerp, Belgium.
Regulatory T cells in prenatal blood samples: variability with pet exposure and sensitization.
Long-term effects of developmental exposure to di-n-butyl-phthalate (DBP) on rat prostate: proliferative and inflammatory disorders and a possible role of androgens.
Public health interpretation of trihalomethane blood levels in the United States: NHANES 1999-2004.
Detecting evidence of luteal activity by least-squares quantitative basal temperature analysis against urinary progesterone metabolites and the effect of wake-time variability.
A probabilistic approach for the evaluation of pharmacological effect induced by patient irregular drug intake.
Phthalate levels and low birth weight: a nested case-control study of Chinese newborns.
Using gold nanoparticles to improve the recovery and the limits of detection for the analysis of monohydroxy-polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples.
Intra-individual variations and temporal trends in dioxin levels in human blood 1987-2002.
Method for the determination of selected organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum based on a gel permeation chromatographic clean-up.
Brain activation associated with changes in heart rate, heart rate variability, and plasma catecholamines during rectal distention.
Multi-site assessment of the precision and reproducibility of multiple reaction monitoring-based measurements of proteins in plasma.
Carbohydrate intake, serum lipids and apolipoprotein E phenotype show association in children.
Psychometric validation and use of a novel diabetes in-patient treatment satisfaction questionnaire.
Effect of oxygen concentration, culture format and donor variability on in vitro chondrogenesis of human adipose tissue-derived stem cells.
Reliability of using urinary and blood trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to chlorinated drinking water disinfection byproducts.
Inter-individual variability of plasma PAF-acetylhydrolase activity in ARDS patients and PAFAH genotype.
Reproductive toxicity and pharmacokinetics of di-n-butyl phthalate (DBP) following dietary exposure of pregnant rats.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine association with antioxidants intake in healthy young adults: a role as an indicator of metabolic syndrome features.
Site-specific concentrations of carotenoids in adipose tissue: relations with dietary and serum carotenoid concentrations in healthy adults.
Carbohydrate restriction, as a first-line dietary intervention, effectively reduces biomarkers of metabolic syndrome in Emirati adults.
Residential exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides and risk of childhood leukemia.
Strategies for the generation of parametric images of [11C]PIB with plasma input functions considering discriminations and reproducibility.
Sea ice-associated diet change increases the levels of chlorinated and brominated contaminants in polar bears.
Biomonitoring of the di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl) phthalate and mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl) phthalate in children and adults during the course of time and seasons.
Reproducibility of same session repeated cystometry and pressure-flow studies in women with symptoms of urinary incontinence.
Validation of a FFQ for estimating whole-grain cereal food intake.
Translesional DNA synthesis through a C8-guanyl adduct of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in Vitro: REV1 inserts dC opposite the lesion, and DNA polymerase kappa potentially catalyzes extension reaction from the 3'-dC terminus.
Relationship among dietary estimates of net endogenous acid production, bone mineral density and biochemical markers of bone turnover in an Iranian general population.
Cannabis and benzodiazepines as determinants of methadone trough plasma concentration variability in maintenance treatment: a transnational study.
Exposure assessment at a PCDD/F contaminated site in Sweden--field measurements of exposure media and blood serum analysis.
Methodological aspects for metabolome visualization and characterization: a metabolomic evaluation of the 24 h evolution of human urine after cocoa powder consumption.
Assessing individual differences in genome-wide gene expression in human whole blood: reliability over four hours and stability over 10 months.
A comparison of 24 h urinary deoxynivalenol with recent v. average cereal consumption for UK adults.
Urinary excretion of phenolic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (OH-PAH) in nonsmokers and in smokers of cigarettes with different ISO tar yields.
Effect of the dietary supplement Meltdown on catecholamine secretion, markers of lipolysis, and metabolic rate in men and women: a randomized, placebo controlled, cross-over study.
Biomarkers of dietary energy restriction in women at increased risk of breast cancer.
Modulation of the effect of prenatal PAH exposure on PAH-DNA adducts in cord blood by plasma antioxidants.
The location of the inferior and superior temporal blood vessels and interindividual variability of the retinal nerve fiber layer thickness.
Human exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE), as evidenced by data from a duplicate diet study, indoor air, house dust, and biomonitoring in Germany.
Seasonal and inter-individual variation in testosterone levels in badgers Meles meles: evidence for the existence of two endocrinological phenotypes.
Serum antioxidant levels in wild birds vary in relation to diet, season, life history strategy, and species.
Lack of correlation between calcium intake and serum calcium levels in stable haemodialysis subjects.
Comparison of urine results concerning co-consumption of illicit heroin and other drugs in heroin and methadone maintenance programs.
Toxicological evaluation of 10% Solanum lycocarpum St. Hill fruit consumption in the diet of growing rats: hematological, biochemical and histopathological effects.
Circulating antibodies directed against "polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon-like" structures in the sera of cancer patients.
A cohort study of the association between secondary sex ratio and parental exposure to polybrominated biphenyl (PBB) and polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB).
Patterns and concentration levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in placental tissue of women in Denmark.
Candidate biomarker discovery in plasma of juvenile cod (Gadus morhua) exposed to crude North Sea oil, alkyl phenols and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Prenatal exposure to PCDDs/PCDFs and dioxin-like PCBs in relation to birth weight.
Between-subject variations of transition zone epithelial volume and serum PSA levels in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Urinary di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites in athletes as screening measure for illicit blood doping: a comparison study with patients receiving blood transfusion.
The relationship of ready-to-eat cereal consumption to nutrient intake, blood lipids, and body mass index of children as they age through adolescence.
Longitudinal studies of cardiac troponin-I concentrations in serum from male Sprague Dawley rats: baseline reference ranges and effects of handling and placebo dosing on biological variability.
A possible mechanism for the differences in efficiency and variability of active metabolite formation from thienopyridine antiplatelet agents, prasugrel and clopidogrel.
A 3 years follow-up of a Mediterranean diet rich in virgin olive oil is associated with high plasma antioxidant capacity and reduced body weight gain.
Variability on red blood cell transfusion practices among Brazilian neonatal intensive care units.
PAH biomarker responses in polar cod (Boreogadus saida) exposed to benzo(a)pyrene.
Distribution of air and serum PCDD/F levels of electric arc furnaces and secondary aluminum and copper smelters.
Occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons influenced neither the frequency nor the spectrum of FGFR3 mutations in bladder urothelial carcinoma.
GerES IV: phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A in urine of German children.
Urinary di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP)--metabolites and male human markers of reproductive function.
Biological variability of blood omega-3 biomarkers.
Determination of para-aminohippuric acid (PAH) in human plasma and urine by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Protective effects of selenium against DNA adduct formation in Inuit environmentally exposed to PCBs.
Synergistic association between alcohol intake and body mass index with serum alanine and aspartate aminotransferase levels in older adults: the Rancho Bernardo Study.
Influence of systems biology response and environmental exposure level on between-subject variability in breath and blood biomarkers.
Intake risk and dose evaluation methods for workers in radiochemistry labs of a medical cyclotron facility.
The relationship between fasting plasma concentrations of selected flavonoids and their ordinary dietary intake.
Dietary patterns and markers for the metabolic syndrome in Australian adolescents.
Lower serum testosterone associated with elevated polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in Native American men.
Serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels are higher in children (2-5 years of age) than in infants and adults.
Prospective questionnaire-based evaluation of the prevalence of urinary incontinence in women with chronic cough.
Analysis of magnesium contents in commonly consumed foods and evaluation of its daily intake in Korean independent-living subjects.
Soy-protein consumption and kidney-related biomarkers among type 2 diabetics: a crossover, randomized clinical trial.
Alcohol consumption is associated with high concentrations of urinary hydroxytyrosol.
Plasma pharmacokinetics of alkylresorcinol metabolites: new candidate biomarkers for whole-grain rye and wheat intake.
Dystocia in 3-year-old beef heifers; relationship to maternal nutrient intake during early- and mid-gestation, pelvic area and hormonal indicators of placental function.
Correlation between blood pressure responses to dietary sodium and potassium intervention in a Chinese population.
Variability analysis of human plasma and cerebral spinal fluid reveals statistical significance of changes in mass spectrometry-based metabolomics data.
Clinical and psychometric validation of the EORTC QLQ-CR29 questionnaire module to assess health-related quality of life in patients with colorectal cancer.
Background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in the U.S. population.
Genetic polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha modify the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations in a population of young adults.
Reliability of real-time ultrasound to detect pelvic floor muscle contraction in urinary incontinent women.
Breast-milk levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether flame retardants in relation to women's age and pre-pregnant body mass index.
Markers for the validation of reported dietary intake in adults with cystic fibrosis.
A possible mechanism for the decrease in serum thyroxine level by a 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyl congener, 3,3',4,4',5-pentachlorobiphenyl in mice.
Genetic variability in CRTH2 polymorphism increases eotaxin-2 levels in patients with aspirin exacerbated respiratory disease.
In pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma blood concentrations of some organochlorine compounds and coffee intake are independently associated with KRAS mutations.
Dietary supplementation with alpha-amylase inhibitor wheat albumin to high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant rats is associated with increased expression of genes related to fatty acid synthesis in adipose tissue.
The association between high plasma homocysteine levels and lower bone mineral density in Slovak women: the impact of vegetarian diet.
A metabolite profiling approach to identify biomarkers of flavonoid intake in humans.
Discriminated benefits of a Mediterranean dietary pattern within a hypocaloric diet program on plasma RBP4 concentrations and other inflammatory markers in obese subjects.
Prenatal and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child size at 24 months of age.
Absorption estimates improve the validity of the relationship between dietary and serum lycopene.
Intra- and inter-tester reproducibility of venous occlusion plethysmography: comparison between a manual and a semi-automatic method of blood flow analysis.
Pregnancy-associated changes in plasma concentration of the endocrine disruptor di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in a sheep model.
Apolipoprotein A5 polymorphisms interact with total dietary fat intake in association with markers of metabolic syndrome in Puerto Rican older adults.
Discovery of biomarkers that reflect the intake of sodium selenate by nutritional proteomics.
Association of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and serum C-reactive protein.
Melanin-concentrating hormone 1-receptor antagonist suppresses body weight gain correlated with high receptor occupancy levels in diet-induced obesity mice.
An exploratory NMR nutri-metabonomic investigation reveals dimethyl sulfone as a dietary biomarker for onion intake.
Well-done meat intake, heterocyclic amine exposure, and cancer risk.
Correlation between serum phospholipid fatty acids and dietary intakes assessed a few years earlier.
Role of dietary patterns for dioxin and PCB exposure.
An EIAV field isolate reveals much higher levels of subtype variability than currently reported for the equine lentivirus family.
Excretion characteristics of urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine after dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Stability and reproducibility of simultaneously detected plasma and serum cytokine levels in asymptomatic subjects.
Blood glutathione peroxidase-1 mRNA levels can be used as molecular biomarkers to determine dietary selenium requirements in rats.
Two novel non-destructive biomarkers to assess PAH-induced oxidative stress and porphyrinogenic effects in crabs.
Reliability of serum and urinary isoflavone estimates.
Plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites as potential biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye cereal fibre intakes in women.
Effect of almond-enriched high-monounsaturated fat diet on selected markers of inflammation: a randomised, controlled, crossover study.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and mono-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate inhibit growth and reduce estradiol levels of antral follicles in vitro.
Colonoscopy-controlled intra-individual comparisons to screen relevant neoplasia: faecal immunochemical test vs. guaiac-based faecal occult blood test.
Exposure of children to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Mexico: assessment of multiple sources.
Consumption of a legume-enriched, low-glycemic index diet is associated with biomarkers of insulin resistance and inflammation among men at risk for colorectal cancer.
Phthalate exposure and precocious puberty in females.
Shorter telomere length in peripheral blood lymphocytes of workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Formation of the N-methylpyridinium ether derivative of propofol to improve sensitivity, specificity and reproducibility of its detection in blood by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in breast milk correlated to maternal age, education level, and occupational exposure.
Dietary intake and serum levels of iron in relation to oxidative stress in breast cancer patients.
Preoperative autologous blood donation versus intraoperative blood salvage: intraindividual analyses and modeling of efficacy in 1103 patients.
Relations of dietary magnesium intake to biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in an ethnically diverse cohort of postmenopausal women.
Validation of an Arabic ADAM questionnaire for androgen deficiency screening in the Arab community.
Myocardial blood volume is associated with myocardial oxygen consumption: an experimental study with cardiac magnetic resonance in a canine model.
Prenatal phthalate exposure and reduced masculine play in boys.
Immunoassay for monitoring environmental and human exposure to the polybrominated diphenyl ether BDE-47.
1-Hydroxypyrene and 3-hydroxybenzo[a]pyrene as biomarkers of exposure to PAH in various environmental exposure situations.
Modifications in dietary fat quality are associated with changes in serum lipids of older adults independently of lipid medication.
The intake of lead and associated metals by sheep grazing mining-contaminated floodplain pastures in mid-Wales, UK: II. Metal concentrations in blood and wool.
Higher habitual intake of dietary fat and carbohydrates are associated with lower leptin and higher ghrelin concentrations in overweight and obese postmenopausal women with elevated insulin levels.
Comparative reproducibility of dermal microvascular blood flow changes in response to acetylcholine iontophoresis, hyperthermia and reactive hyperaemia.
Plasma beta-carotene is not a suitable biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake in german subjects with a long-term high consumption of fruits and vegetables.
Prenatal di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate exposure and length of gestation among an inner-city cohort.
Adsorption of bovine serum albumin on previously formed PAH/PSS multilayer: a stagnation point optical reflectometry study.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolite levels and pediatric allergy and asthma in an inner-city cohort.
Dairy consumption and circulating levels of inflammatory markers among Iranian women.
Development and validation of a questionnaire to assess carbohydrate and insulin-dosing knowledge in youth with type 1 diabetes.
Plasma phthalate levels in pubertal gynecomastia.
Estimated daily intake of phthalates in occupationally exposed groups.
Correlation between dietary zinc intakes and its serum levels with depression scales in young female students.
DNA-adducts in subjects exposed to urban air pollution by benzene and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in Cotonou, Benin.
Effects of dietary fish oil and trans fat on rat aorta histopathology and cardiovascular risk markers.
Effects of dietary supplementation of high-dose folic acid on biomarkers of methylating reaction in vitamin B(12)-deficient rats.
Relationships of family support, diet therapy practice and blood glucose control in typeII diabetic patients.
Validation of an FFQ to estimate the intake of fatty acids using erythrocyte membrane fatty acids and multiple 3d dietary records.
Urinary phthalate metabolites in relation to preterm birth in Mexico city.
Predictors of serum dioxins and PCBs among peripubertal Russian boys.
Diet supplementation with acai (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) pulp improves biomarkers of oxidative stress and the serum lipid profile in rats.
2-D hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography-RP separation in urinary proteomics--minimizing variability through improved downstream workflow compatibility.
Evaluation of the ARCHITECT urine NGAL assay: assay performance, specimen handling requirements and biological variability.
Reliability of fetal sex determination using maternal plasma.
Increased consumption of fatty and lean fish reduces serum C-reactive protein concentrations but not inflammation markers in feces and in colonic biopsies.
Energy expenditure and oxygen consumption as novel biomarkers of obesity-induced cardiac disease in rats.
Residue depletion and tissue-plasma correlation of methyl-3-quinoxaline-2-carboxylic acid after dietary administration of olaquindox in pigs.
Variability of mercury in urine among Mexican women residing in a mining area.
Dietary administration of sodium arsenite to rats: relations between dose and urinary concentrations of methylated and thio-metabolites and effects on the rat urinary bladder epithelium.
The role of african american ethnicity and metabolism in sentinel polychlorinated biphenyl congener serum levels.
Association between dietary heterocyclic amine levels, genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 and risk of stomach cancer: a hospital-based case-control study in Japan.
Randomized crossover study to assess the inter- and intrasubject variability of morning mycophenolic acid concentrations from enteric-coated mycophenolate sodium and mycophenolate mofetil in stable renal transplant recipients.
Household exposures to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in a Wisconsin Cohort.
Evaluation of erectile dysfunction and associated cardiovascular risk using structured questionnaires in Chinese type 2 diabetic men.
Biochemical validation of food frequency questionnaire-estimated carotenoid, alpha-tocopherol, and folate intakes among African Americans and non-Hispanic Whites in the Southern Community Cohort Study.
Changes in pulse rate, respiratory rate, blood oxygenation, perfusion index, skin conductance, and their variability induced during and after grounding human subjects for 40 minutes.
Polychlorinated biphenyls disrupt blood-brain barrier integrity and promote brain metastasis formation.
Dietary fiber does not displace energy but is associated with decreased serum cholesterol concentrations in healthy children.
Daily intake of 4 to 7 microg dietary vitamin B-12 is associated with steady concentrations of vitamin B-12-related biomarkers in a healthy young population.
Comparison of within- and between-subject variation of serum cystatin C and serum creatinine in children aged 2-13 years.
Exposure assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in umbilical cord blood of Korean infants.
Comparative toxicological evaluation of phthalate diesters and metabolites in Sprague-Dawley male rats for risk assessment.
Variability of C-reactive protein levels among patients with stable coronary artery disease and on statin therapy.
A sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with human serum albumin.
Alcohol intake and systemic markers of inflammation--shape of the association according to sex and body mass index.
Association of alcohol intake with the risk of malignant lymphoma and plasma cell myeloma in Japanese: a population-based cohort study (Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study).
Exercise training versus diet-induced weight-loss on metabolic risk factors and inflammatory markers in obese subjects: a 12-week randomized intervention study.
Proanthocyanidin metabolites associated with dietary fibre from in vitro colonic fermentation and proanthocyanidin metabolites in human plasma.
Relative importance of polychlorinated naphthalenes compared to dioxins, and polychlorinated biphenyls in human serum from Korea: contribution to TEQs and potential sources.
Associations of very high intakes of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids with biomarkers of chronic disease risk among Yup'ik Eskimos.
Impact of adopting low sodium diet on biomarkers of inflammation and coagulation: a randomised controlled trial.
Urinary mutagenicity and genotoxic risk in children with psoriasis after therapeutic exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and ultraviolet radiation.
Blood-oxygen level dependent MRI measures of cerebrovascular reactivity using a controlled respiratory challenge: reproducibility and gender differences.
Effects of the DASH diet alone and in combination with exercise and weight loss on blood pressure and cardiovascular biomarkers in men and women with high blood pressure: the ENCORE study.
Correlates of dietary energy sources with cardiovascular disease risk markers in Mexican school-age children.
Dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls, methyl mercury and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as biomarkers of fish consumption.
Antioxidant nutrient intakes and corresponding biomarkers associated with the risk of atopic dermatitis in young children.
Contribution of serial and parallel microperfusion to spatial variability in pulmonary inter- and intra-acinar blood flow.
Application of the Margin of Exposure (MOE) approach to substances in food that are genotoxic and carcinogenic: example: CAS No: 105650-23-5 PhIP (2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine).
Assessing variability and comparing short-term biomarkers of styrene exposure using a repeated measurements approach.
Transcriptional biomarkers of steroidogenesis and trophoblast differentiation in the placenta in relation to prenatal phthalate exposure.
Maternal serum preconception polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and infant birth weight.
Relationships between fluoride intake, urinary fluoride excretion and fluoride retention in children and adults: an analysis of available data.
Amino acid delta13C analysis of hair proteins and bone collagen using liquid chromatography/isotope ratio mass spectrometry: paleodietary implications from intra-individual comparisons.
PCB exposure in sea otters and harlequin ducks in relation to history of contamination by the Exxon Valdez oil spill.
Intra-individual variation in serum C-reactive protein over 4 years: an implication for epidemiologic studies.
Strawberry consumption is associated with increased antioxidant capacity in serum.
Reliability and clinical validity of a Polish version of the CONTILIFE: a quality of life questionnaire for urinary incontinence.
Association between phthalate exposure and glutathione S-transferase M1 polymorphism in adenomyosis, leiomyoma and endometriosis.
The effect of genetic variability on the correlation between blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels.
Interindividual variations of cerebral blood flow, oxygen delivery, and metabolism in relation to hemoglobin concentration measured by positron emission tomography in humans.
Orthostatic proteinuria and the spectrum of diurnal variability of urinary protein excretion in healthy children.
Chinese validation of Urogenital Distress Inventory and Incontinence Impact Questionnaire short form.
Decreased cholesterol levels reflect a consumption of anti-inflammatory isoprenoids associated with an impaired control of inflammation in a mouse model of mevalonate kinase deficiency.
Biotransformation of PCBs in Arctic seabirds: characterization of phase I and II pathways at transcriptional, translational and activity levels.
Brain nonoxidative carbohydrate consumption is not explained by export of an unknown carbon source: evaluation of the arterial and jugular venous metabolome.
Association of exposure to phthalates with endometriosis and uterine leiomyomata: findings from NHANES, 1999-2004.
Relationship between environmental phthalate exposure and the intelligence of school-age children.
Dietary intake and serum and hair concentrations of minerals and their relationship with serum lipids and glucose levels in hypertensive and obese patients with insulin resistance.
Food insecurity is associated with food consumption patterns and anthropometric measures but not serum micronutrient levels in adults in rural Tanzania.
Investigation of NQO1 genetic polymorphism, NQO1 gene expression and PAH-DNA adducts in ESCC. A case-control study from Iran.
Identification of toxicological biomarkers of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in proteins secreted by HepG2 cells using proteomic analysis.
Improved reliability from a plasma-assisted metal-insulator-metal capacitor comprising a high-k HfO2 film on a flexible polyimide substrate.
Dietary calcium intake is associated with less gain in intra-abdominal adipose tissue over 1 year.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), polychlorinated biphenyles (PCBs), hydroxylated and methoxylated-PBDEs, and methylsulfonyl-PCBs in bird serum from South China.
Relation of coffee consumption and serum liver enzymes in Japanese men and women with reference to effect modification of alcohol use and body mass index.
Complex trade-offs in the pigeon (Columba livia): egg antioxidant capacity and female serum oxidative status in relation to diet quality.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and missed abortion in early pregnancy in a Chinese population.
Choline intake exceeding current dietary recommendations preserves markers of cellular methylation in a genetic subgroup of folate-compromised men.
The T-13910C polymorphism in the lactase phlorizin hydrolase gene is associated with differences in serum calcium levels and calcium intake.
Influence of a five-day vegetarian diet on urinary levels of antibiotics and phthalate metabolites: a pilot study with "Temple Stay" participants.
Association between gamma-glutamyltransferase levels and insulin resistance according to alcohol consumption and number of cigarettes smoked.
Association of dietary AGEs with circulating AGEs, glycated LDL, IL-1 and MCP-1 levels in type 2 diabetic patients.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans in blood and breast milk samples from residents of a schistosomiasis area with Na-PCP application in China.
Markers of cardiovascular risk are not changed by increased whole-grain intake: the WHOLEheart study, a randomised, controlled dietary intervention.
Disruption of human plasma cell differentiation by an environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon: a mechanistic immunotoxicological study.
In vitro assay shows that PCB metabolites completely saturate thyroid hormone transport capacity in blood of wild polar bears (Ursus maritimus).
Congener-specific body burden levels and possible determinants of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in the general Japanese population.
Association between food group intake and serum total cholesterol in the Japanese population: NIPPON DATA 80/90.
Simultaneous determination of phthalates and adipates in human serum using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with solid-phase extraction.
Chocolate consumption in relation to blood pressure and risk of cardiovascular disease in German adults.
Urinary and air phthalate concentrations and self-reported use of personal care products among minority pregnant women in New York city.
Circulating visfatin levels in healthy preterm infants are independently associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Effect of different dietary zinc levels on hepatic antioxidant and micronutrients indices under oxidative stress conditions.
Repeatable intra-individual variation in plasma testosterone concentration and its sex-specific link to aggression in a social lizard.
Exposure to phthalates and breast cancer risk in northern Mexico.
Blood oxygen level-dependent signal variability is more than just noise.
Dietary arginine levels alter markers of arginine utilization in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and thymocytes in young broiler chicks.
Renal arterial blood flow measurement by breath-held MRI: Accuracy in phantom scans and reproducibility in healthy subjects.
Future prospects for biomarkers of alcohol consumption and alcohol-induced disorders.
Biomarkers of meat intake and the application of nutrigenomics.
Developmental exposure to a commercial PBDE mixture, DE-71: neurobehavioral, hormonal, and reproductive effects.
Blood cadmium concentrations of male cigarette smokers are inversely associated with fruit consumption.
A cohort study of developmental polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in relation to post-vaccination antibody response at 6-months of age.
Distribution of PCDD/Fs, PCBs, PBDEs and organochlorine residues in children's blood from Zhejiang, China.
Human placental glutathione S-transferase activity and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts as biomarkers for environmental oxidative stress in placentas from pregnant women living in radioactivity- and chemically-polluted regions.
Current exposure to persistent polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (p,p'-DDE) of Belgian students from food and dust.
Distribution of PCBs, their hydroxylated metabolites, and other phenolic contaminants in human serum from two European countries.
Serum PCB concentrations and cochlear function in 12-year-old children.
Determination and characterization of hydroxylated polychlorinated biphenyls (OH-PCBs) in serum and adipose tissue of Japanese women diagnosed with breast cancer.
Overnight urinary excretion of isoflavones as an indicator for dietary isoflavone intake in Korean girls of pubertal age.
Intra- and inter-operator repeatability of myocardial blood flow and myocardial flow reserve measurements using rubidium-82 pet and a highly automated analysis program.
Effects of a hypocaloric diet on obesity biomarkers: prevention of low-grade inflammation since childhood.
Heart-rate variability and blood-lactate threshold interaction during progressive resistance exercise in healthy older men.
Natural progression of blood-induced joint damage in patients with haemophilia: clinical relevance and reproducibility of three-dimensional gait analysis.
Biochemical risk indices, including plasma homocysteine, that prospectively predict mortality in older British people: the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of People Aged 65 Years and Over.
Maternal overnutrition impacts offspring adiposity and brain appetite markers-modulation by postweaning diet.
Within-subject transformations of PET regional cerebral blood flow data: ANCOVA, ratio, and Z-score adjustments on empirical data.
Dietary intake of vitamins B6, B12 and folate in relation to homocysteine serum concentration in the adult Polish population - WOBASZ Project.
Multi analyte profiling and variability of inflammatory markers in blood and induced sputum in patients with stable COPD.
Temporal reproducibility of taurine measurements in frozen serum of healthy postmenopausal women.
The effect of fasting plasma glucose variability on the risk of retinopathy in type 2 diabetic patients: retrospective long-term follow-up.
Mouse urinary biomarkers provide signatures of maturation, diet, stress level, and diurnal rhythm.
Reliability of red blood cell indices and formulas to discriminate between beta thalassemia trait and iron deficiency in children.
Evaluation of aminoglycoside clearance using the modification of diet in renal disease equation versus the Cockcroft-Gault equation as a marker of glomerular filtration rate.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites (OH-PCBs) in the blood of toothed and baleen whales stranded along Japanese coastal waters.
Reliability of spot urine samples in assessing arsenic exposure.
Evaluation of a risk assessment questionnaire to assist hepatitis C screening in the general population.
Influence of meal intake on pulse wave indices in type 2 diabetes.
Intrauterine exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, fine particulate matter and early wheeze. Prospective birth cohort study in 4-year olds.
Relationship between alcohol consumption and serum adiponectin levels: the Takahata study--a cross-sectional study of a healthy Japanese population.
Levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in human adipose tissue samples from southeast China.
Evaluation of error levels in hemoglobin A1c and glycated albumin in type 2 diabetic patients due to inter-individual variability.
Characteristics of plasma NOx levels in severe sepsis: high interindividual variability and correlation with illness severity, but lack of correlation with cortisol levels.
Validation of a global pelvic floor symptom bother questionnaire.
Physical exercise, fitness and dietary pattern and their relationship with circadian blood pressure pattern, augmentation index and endothelial dysfunction biological markers: EVIDENT study protocol.
Relationship between dietary sodium, potassium, and calcium, anthropometric indexes, and blood pressure in young and middle aged Korean adults.
High habitual dietary alpha-linolenic acid intake is associated with decreased plasma soluble interleukin-6 receptor concentrations in male twins.
The relative influence of calcium intake and vitamin D status on serum parathyroid hormone and bone turnover biomarkers in a double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel group, longitudinal factorial design.
Biomarkers of alcohol consumption and related liver disease.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in paired samples of maternal and umbilical cord blood plasma and associations with house dust in a Danish cohort.
Interleukin-6 as a potential indicator for prevention of high-risk adenoma recurrence by dietary flavonols in the polyp prevention trial.
The effectiveness of relative dose response to retinol intake as an evaluation of vitamin A status of cirrhotic patients.
Overview and initial validation of two detailed, multidimensional, retrospective measures of substance use: the Lifetime Substance Use Recall (LSUR) and Longitudinal Substance Use Recall for 12 Weeks (LSUR-12) Instruments.
Cumulative exposure assessment for trace-level polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) using human blood and plasma analysis.
Relationship of self-reported alcohol consumption to ambulatory blood pressure in a sample of healthy adults.
Calorie control increased vaspin levels of serum and periepididymal adipose tissue in diet-induced obese rats in association with serum free fatty acid and tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Reducing consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with reduced blood pressure: a prospective study among United States adults.
Reliability of fasting plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations measured 4 months apart.
The reliability of using urinary biomarkers to estimate children's exposures to chlorpyrifos and diazinon.
Determination of selected polybrominated diphenylethers and polybrominated biphenyl in polymers by ultrasonic-assisted extraction and high-performance liquid chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry.
Relationships between polybrominated diphenyl ether concentrations in house dust and serum.
Serum urate and its relationship with alcoholic beverage intake in men and women: findings from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort.
Dietary vitamin D intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level in relation to disease outcomes in head and neck cancer patients.
Plasma levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and risk of cutaneous malignant melanoma: a preliminary study.
Associations between dietary patterns and flow cytometry-measured biomarkers of inflammation and cellular activation in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Carotid Artery MRI Study.
Significantly higher polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in young U.S. children than in their mothers.
A single nucleotide polymorphism in the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase gene ( HMGCR) influences the serum triacylglycerol relationship with dietary fat and fibre in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition in Norfolk (EPIC-Norfolk) study.
Validation of the human activity profile questionnaire in patients after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Determination of haloacetic acids in human urine by headspace gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Estrogenic followed by anti-estrogenic effects of PCBs exposure in juvenil fish (Spaurus aurata).
Effect of targeting normal fasting glucose levels with basal insulin glargine on glycaemic variability and risk of hypoglycaemia: a randomized, controlled study in patients with early Type 2 diabetes.
Associations of food and nutrient intakes with serum IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-3, TGF-b1, total SOD activity and sFas levels among middle-aged Japanese: the Japan Collaborative Cohort study.
Nucleotide excision repair polymorphisms, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure, and their effects on sperm deoxyribonucleic acid damage and male factor infertility.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) and trace metals in the blood of nonoccupationally exposed residents living in the vicinity of a municipal solid waste incinerator and electric arc furnace.
Validation of electronic urinary incontinence questionnaires.
Effects of dietary fat modification on oxidative stress and inflammatory markers in the LIPGENE study.
Amounts and proportion of administered pyrene dose excreted as urinary 1-hydroxypyrene after dietary exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
A comparison of deoxynivalenol intake and urinary deoxynivalenol in UK adults.
Unmetabolized serum folic acid and its relation to folic acid intake from diet and supplements in a nationally representative sample of adults aged > or =60 y in the United States.
Metabolic profiling strategy for discovery of nutritional biomarkers: proline betaine as a marker of citrus consumption.
Determination of five phthalate monoesters in human urine using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility of black blood dynamic contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging in aortic plaques of atherosclerotic rabbits.
Predictors of serum dioxin, furan, and PCB concentrations among women from Chapaevsk, Russia.
Effect of taurine supplementation on hyperhomocysteinemia and markers of oxidative stress in high fructose diet induced insulin resistance.
Phthalate esters used as plasticizers in packed red blood cell storage bags may lead to progressive toxin exposure and the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines.
Variability of biomarkers in volunteer studies: The biological component.
The individual and combined metabolite profiles (metabolomics) of dibutylphthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate following a 28-day dietary exposure in rats.
Multivariate models to predict human adipose tissue PCB concentrations in Southern Spain.
Prenatal exposure to phthalate esters and PAHs and birth outcomes.
Close relationship between strict blood glucose control, including suppression of blood glucose variability, and mortality reduction in acutely ill patients with glucose intolerance investigated by means of a bedside-type artificial pancreas.
PCB and PBDE levels in wild common carp (Cyprinus carpio) from eastern Lake Erie.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in the indoor environment and associations with prenatal exposure.
Estimation of the interindividual variability of cytochrome 2D6 activity from urinary metabolic ratios in the literature.
Childhood exposure to phthalates: associations with thyroid function, insulin-like growth factor I, and growth.
Associations between urinary metabolites of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and reproductive hormones in fertile men.
Effect of oral intake of capsaicinoid beadlets on catecholamine secretion and blood markers of lipolysis in healthy adults: a randomized, placebo controlled, double-blind, cross-over study.
Differential repair of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon DNA adducts from an actively transcribed gene.
Cereal consumption and indicators of cardiovascular risk in adolescent girls.
Changes and variability in high levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol among children.
Blood pressure and hypertension in relation to levels of serum polychlorinated biphenyls in residents of Anniston, Alabama.
Effects of margarines and butter consumption on lipid profiles, inflammation markers and lipid transfer to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome.
Effect of chronic intake of arsenic-contaminated water on blood oxidative stress indices in cattle in an arsenic-affected zone.
The beverage intake questionnaire: determining initial validity and reliability.
Persistence of blood changes associated with alteration of the dietary electrolyte balance in commercial pigs after feed withdrawal, transportation, and lairage, and the effects on performance and carcass quality.
Development and validation of a questionnaire to identify severe maternal morbidity in epidemiological surveys.
Variability of serum oxidative stress biomarkers relative to biochemical data and clinical parameters of glaucoma patients.
Regular daily intake of black tea improves oxidative stress biomarkers and decreases serum C-reactive protein levels in type 2 diabetic patients.
Intra-individual variability in serum hepcidin precludes its use as a marker of iron status in hemodialysis patients.
Prevalence of the equol-producer phenotype and its relationship with dietary isoflavone and serum lipids in healthy Chinese adults.
Relation of dietary and lifestyle traits to difference in serum leptin of Japanese in Japan and Hawaii: the INTERLIPID study.
Free fruit at workplace intervention increases total fruit intake: a validation study using 24h dietary recall and urinary flavonoid excretion.
Effect of increased consumption of whole-grain foods on blood pressure and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy middle-aged persons: a randomized controlled trial.
Noninvasive assessment of dermal carotenoids as a biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake.
Evaluation of liver and thyroid toxicity in Sprague-Dawley rats after exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether BDE-209.
Iron intake, red cell indicators of iron status, and DNA damage in young subjects.
Association between bone turnover, micronutrient intake, and blood lead levels in pre- and postmenopausal women, NHANES 1999-2002.
NMR-based metabonomic analysis of the hepatotoxicity induced by combined exposure to PCBs and TCDD in rats.
Developmental PCB exposure induces hypothyroxinemia and sex-specific effects on cerebellum glial protein levels in rats.
Sublingual and submandibular blood collection in mice: a comparison of effects on body weight, food consumption and tissue damage.
Quantification of day-to-day variability in growth hormone levels in acromegaly.
Time course of congener uptake and elimination in rats after short-term inhalation exposure to an airborne polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) mixture.
High-fat diet lowers the nutritional status indicators of pantothenic acid in weaning rats.
An estimate of phthalate exposure among pregnant women living in Trujillo, Peru.
Studying associations between urinary metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) and cardiovascular diseases in the United States.
Goal-directed fluid management based on the pulse oximeter-derived pleth variability index reduces lactate levels and improves fluid management.
Development and validation of a liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry assay for the analysis of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) and its metabolite 2-hydroxyamino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (N-OH-PhIP) in plasma, urine, bile, intestinal contents, faeces and eight selected tissues from mice.
Prenatal PAH exposure is associated with chromosome-specific aberrations in cord blood.
Gains in statistical power from using a dietary biomarker in combination with self-reported intake to strengthen the analysis of a diet-disease association: an example from CAREDS.
Interobserver reproducibility in the diagnosis of invasive micropapillary carcinoma of the urinary tract among urologic pathologists.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) models for lifetime exposure to PCB 153 in male and female harbor porpoises (Phocoena phocoena): model development and evaluation.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB-153) and (PCB-77) absorption in human liver (HepG2) and kidney (HK2) cells in vitro: PCB levels and cell death.
Influence of high- and low-carbohydrate diet following glycogen-depleting exercise on heart rate variability and plasma catecholamines.
Elucidating cellular and behavioural effects of contaminant impact (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, PAHs) in both laboratory-exposed and field-collected shore crabs, Carcinus maenas (Crustacea: Decapoda).
Validity of the international consultation on incontinence questionnaire-pediatric lower urinary tract symptoms: a screening questionnaire for children.
The relationship between variability in serum C-reactive protein levels in sows and their offspring and the values of selected blood indices.
Association between coffee consumption and the estimated glomerular filtration rate in the general Japanese population: preliminary data regarding C-reactive protein concentrations.
Lower efficacy in the utilization of dietary ALA as compared to preformed EPA + DHA on long chain n-3 PUFA levels in rats.
Intra- and interoperator reliability of manual and semi-automated measurement of fetal nuchal translucency by sonographers with different levels of experience.
Inclusion of Atlantic salmon in the Chinese diet reduces cardiovascular disease risk markers in dyslipidemic adult men.
Increase in HDL-C concentration by a dietary portfolio with soy protein and soluble fiber is associated with the presence of the ABCA1R230C variant in hyperlipidemic Mexican subjects.
Variability over 1 week in the urinary concentrations of metabolites of diethyl phthalate and di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate among eight adults: an observational study.
Chronic exposure of adults and embryos of Pandalus borealis to oil causes PAH accumulation, initiation of biomarker responses and an increase in larval mortality.
Integrating variability in half-lives and dietary intakes to predict mercury concentration in hair.
Urinary metabolites as biomarkers of polyphenol intake in humans: a systematic review.
Evaluation of a novel isotope biomarker for dietary consumption of sweets.
Correlations between phthalate metabolites in urine, serum, and seminal plasma from young Danish men determined by isotope dilution liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.
Consumption of rapeseed honey leads to higher serum fructose levels compared with analogue glucose/fructose solutions.
Alcohol consumption and markers of inflammation in women with preclinical rheumatoid arthritis.
Utilization of base deficit and reliability of base deficit as a surrogate for serum lactate in the peri-operative setting.
Relationship between plasma carotenoids, fruit and vegetable intake, and plasma extracellular superoxide dismutase activity in women: different in health and disease?
No altered blood pressure and serum markers of oxidative stress after a long time dietary fish oil in the genetically 9 month-old type-2 diabetes Zucker rat.
Genotoxic effects in swimmers exposed to disinfection by-products in indoor swimming pools.
Reliability of self-reported nicotine use as determined by serum cotinine levels in patients referred for liver transplantation.
Mediterranean diet, inflammatory and metabolic biomarkers, and risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Reproducibility and relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of dietary flavonol and flavone in Chinese university campus population.
Repeatability of retrobulbar blood flow velocity measured using color Doppler imaging in the Indianapolis Glaucoma Progression Study.
Heart rate variability and biomarkers of systemic inflammation in patients with stable coronary heart disease: findings from the Heart and Soul Study.
Genetic correlation of blood pressure responses to dietary sodium and potassium intervention and cold pressor test in Chinese population.
Dietary exposure of juvenile common sole (Solea solea L.) to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs): Part 2. Formation, bioaccumulation and elimination of hydroxylated metabolites.
Aflatoxin and PAH exposure biomarkers in a U.S. population with a high incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma.
Selecting adequate exposure biomarkers of diisononyl and diisodecyl phthalates: data from the 2005-2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Two non-consecutive 24 h recalls using EPIC-Soft software are sufficiently valid for comparing protein and potassium intake between five European centres--results from the European Food Consumption Validation (EFCOVAL) study.
A restricted cubic spline approach to assess the association between high fat fish intake and red blood cell EPA + DHA content.
Tissue-based risk assessment of great blue heron (Ardea herodias) exposed to PCDD/DF in the Tittabawassee River floodplain, Michigan, USA.
Ovotoxicity and PPAR-mediated aromatase downregulation in female Sprague-Dawley rats following combined oral exposure to benzo[a]pyrene and di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate.
Haptoglobin genotype modifies the association between dietary vitamin C and serum ascorbic acid deficiency.
Bi-directional gene set enrichment and canonical correlation analysis identify key diet-sensitive pathways and biomarkers of metabolic syndrome.
Evaluation of the noncovalent binding interactions between polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites and human p53 cDNA.
Dietary flavonols contribute to false-positive elevation of homovanillic acid, a marker of catecholamine-secreting tumors.
Iron intake and markers of iron status and risk of Barrett's esophagus and esophageal adenocarcinoma.
Consumption of serum lipid-reducing drugs in Serbia compared with Scandinavian countries: a population-based study, 2004-2008.
Maternal plasma polychlorinated biphenyl levels in cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) affect infant social skills in mother-infant interaction.
An association between dietary arachidonic acid, measured in adipose tissue, and ulcerative colitis.
High concentrations of polybrominated diphenylethers (PBDEs) in breast adipose tissue of California women.
Chromosome fragility in dairy cows exposed to dioxins and dioxin-like PCBs.
Rational design for variability minimization in bioanalytical method validation: illustration with LC-MS/MS assay method for terbinafine estimation in human plasma.
Intra-individual short-term variability of prostate-specific antigen and other kallikrein markers in a serial collection of blood from men under evaluation for prostate cancer.
Interactions between exposure to environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA repair gene polymorphisms on bulky DNA adducts in human sperm.
Confirmation of polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) distribution in the blood and verification of simple quantitative method for PCBs based on specific congeners.
Validation of web-based administration of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
Rye whole grain and bran intake compared with refined wheat decreases urinary C-peptide, plasma insulin, and prostate specific antigen in men with prostate cancer.
Exposure patterns of UV filters, fragrances, parabens, phthalates, organochlor pesticides, PBDEs, and PCBs in human milk: correlation of UV filters with use of cosmetics.
Brown adipose tissue redox status in response to dietary-induced obesity-associated oxidative stress in male and female rats.
Dietary fiber and serum 16-hydroxyestrone, an estrogen metabolite associated with lower systolic blood pressure.
The effects of fasting plasma glucose variability and time-dependent glycemic control on the long-term risk of retinopathy in type 2 diabetic patients.
Urinary lithiasis and idiopathic hypercalciuria: the importance of dietary intake evaluation.
Relationship of dietary cholesterol to blood pressure: the INTERMAP study.
Exercise-associated hyponatremia: the influence of pre-exercise carbohydrate status combined with high volume fluid intake on sodium concentrations and fluid balance.
Fish consumption and myocardial infarction: a second prospective biomarker study from northern Sweden.
Analysis of r-7,t-8,9,c-10-tetrahydroxy-7,8,9,10-tetrahydrobenzo[a]pyrene in human urine: a biomarker for directly assessing carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure plus metabolic activation.
The association of plasma resistin with dietary sodium manipulation, the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 in human hypertension.
Nutrient intake during an elite level three-day event competition is correlated to inflammatory markers and antioxidant status.
Distribution of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and other persistent organic pollutants in human serum from Greece.
The association between salt intake and adult systolic blood pressure is modified by birth weight.
Phthalate exposure in pregnant women and their children in central Taiwan.
The effects of a high-fat, high-cholesterol diet on markers of uterine contractility during parturition in the rat.
Relationship between serum osteocalcin and glycaemic variability in Type 2 diabetes.
Evaluation of the function of arteriolar opening by variability in microcirculatory blood flow following angiotensin II administration in rats.
Greater coffee intake in men is associated with steeper age-related increases in blood pressure.
Differences in male and female adolescents from various racial groups in the relationship between insulin resistance-associated parameters with sugar-sweetened beverage intake and physical activity levels.
The lipocalins retinol-binding protein-4, lipocalin-2 and lipocalin-type prostaglandin D2-synthase correlate with markers of inflammatory activity, alcohol intake and blood lipids, but not with insulin sensitivity in metabolically healthy 58-year-old Swedish men.
Background levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in the population of the Canary Islands (Spain).
Urinary excretion of the acrylonitrile metabolite 2-cyanoethylmercapturic acid is correlated with a variety of biomarkers of tobacco smoke exposure and consumption.
PBDEs in serum and blubber of harbor, grey and harp seal pups from Eastern Canada.
Does flying present a threat of polybrominated diphenyl ether exposure?
Quantitative analysis of the intra- and inter-individual variability of the normal urinary proteome.
Dietary bitter melon seed increases peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor- gene expression in adipose tissue, down-regulates the nuclear factor-B expression, and alleviates the symptoms associated with metabolic syndrome.
Intra-individual variability of CO breath isotope enrichment compared to blood glucose in the oral glucose tolerance test.
Inter-subject correlation exists between morphological metrics of cerebral blood flow velocity and intracranial pressure pulses.
Dietary patterns and blood levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and dioxin-like PCBs in 1656 Japanese individuals.
Predictors of polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in adipose tissue in a general Danish population.
Validation of the Finnish diabetes risk score (FINDRISC) questionnaire for screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes, dysglycaemia and the metabolic syndrome in Greece.
Association between urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites and sperm DNA damage: a population study in Chongqing, China.
Association of interleukin-6 gene -572 C > G polymorphism with dietary intake of n-3 fatty acids on plasma HDL-c level in Chinese male adults.
Assessment of polychlorinated biphenyls and mercury levels in soil and biological samples from San Felipe, Nuevo Mercurio, Zacatecas, Mexico.
Increased vitamin E intake is associated with higher alpha-tocopherol concentration in the maternal circulation but higher alpha-carboxyethyl hydroxychroman concentration in the fetal circulation.
Cardiac autonomic dysfunction from occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Debrominated and methoxylated polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) after exposure to decabromodiphenyl ether.
Dietary, but not supplemental, intakes of carotenoids and vitamin C are associated with decreased odds of lower urinary tract symptoms in men.
Applying the triads method in the validation of dietary intake using biomarkers.
Effect of diet with and without exercise training on markers of inflammation and fat distribution in overweight women.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in subjects with and without major depressive disorder.
Menstrual effects among women exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls and dibenzofurans.
Serum dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls are associated with growth among Russian boys.
Rapid determination of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites based on liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry as a marker for blood transfusion in sports drug testing.
Evaluation of 2 methods for sodium intake assessment in cardiac patients with and without heart failure: the confounding effect of loop diuretics.
Analytic variability due to change of deficient plasma vials: application to one-stage clotting factor VIII assay.
Circulating levels and dietary intake of the advanced glycation end-product marker carboxymethyl lysine in chronic kidney disease patients on conservative predialysis therapy: a pilot study.
Biomarker-calibrated energy and protein consumption and cardiovascular disease risk among postmenopausal women.
Changes in serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), hydroxylated PCB metabolites and pentachlorophenol during pregnancy.
Associations between glutathione peroxidase-1 Pro198Leu polymorphism, selenium status, and DNA damage levels in obese women after consumption of Brazil nuts.
Distinct genetic signatures for variability in total and free serum thyroxine levels in four sets of recombinant inbred mice.
Metabolic indices, energy and macronutrient intake according to weight status in a rural sample of 17-year-old adolescents.
Development and validation of The Personal Diabetes Questionnaire (PDQ): a measure of diabetes self-care behaviors, perceptions and barriers.
Quantitation of a minor enantiomer of phenanthrene tetraol in human urine: correlations with levels of overall phenanthrene tetraol, benzo[a]pyrene tetraol, and 1-hydroxypyrene.
Protective effect of Garcinia against renal oxidative stress and biomarkers induced by high fat and sucrose diet.
Screening of non-polar heterocyclic amines in urine by microextraction in packed sorbent-fluorimetric detection and confirmation by capillary liquid chromatography.
High dietary and plasma levels of the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid are associated with decreased dementia risk: the Rancho Bernardo study.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase variants associated with hypertension and cardiovascular disease interact with dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids to modulate plasma homocysteine in puerto rican adults.
PBDEs and PCBs in the liver of the St Lawrence Estuary beluga (Delphinapterus leucas): a comparison of levels and temporal trends with the blubber.
A whole-grain cereal-rich diet increases plasma betaine, and tends to decrease total and LDL-cholesterol compared with a refined-grain diet in healthy subjects.
Major habitual dietary patterns are associated with acute myocardial infarction and cardiovascular risk markers in a southern European population.
T(2) preparation method for measuring hyperemic myocardial O(2) consumption: in vivo validation by positron emission tomography.
Use of the predictive sugars biomarker to evaluate self-reported total sugars intake in the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) study.
A critical evaluation of the creatinine correction approach: can it underestimate intakes of phthalates? A case study with di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) exposure in mothers and time to pregnancy in daughters.
Variance component analysis of a multi-site study for the reproducibility of multiple reaction monitoring measurements of peptides in human plasma.
Correlations of fish intake and plasma docosahexaenoic acid levels with each congener of PCDDs/PCDFs/dioxin-like PCBs in blood from the Japanese population.
Increased urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine levels in workers exposed to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in a waste plastic recycling site in China.
Exposure to isothiocyanates suppresses urinary mutagenicity in rats treated with heterocyclic amine IQ: lack of association with CYP1 activity.
Biomarker responses and disease susceptibility in juvenile rainbow trout Oncorhynchus mykiss fed a high molecular weight PAH mixture.
Validation of the Swedish short forms of the Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7), Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
Normalized spectral power of fetal heart rate variability is associated with fetal scalp blood pH.
Central venous catheter sampling of low molecular heparin levels: an approach to increasing result reliability.
Heart rate variability is independently associated with C-reactive protein but not with Serum amyloid A. The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Selected dietary flavonoids are associated with markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in U.S. women.
Association between dietary pattern and serum C-reactive protein in Japanese men and women.
Variability of uterine blood flow in lactating cows during the second half of gestation.
Accuracy and reproducibility of blood clot burden quantification with pulmonary CT angiography.
In utero and lactational exposure to PCB 118 and PCB 153 alter ovarian follicular dynamics and GnRH-induced luteinizing hormone secretion in female lambs.
Serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls in relation to in vitro fertilization outcomes.
Total consumer exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers in North America and Europe.
Urinary phthalate metabolites in relation to biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress: NHANES 1999-2006.
Magnetic resonance VIBE venography using the blood pool contrast agent gadofosveset trisodium--an interrater reliability study.
EROD activity in peripheral blood lymphocytes and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine and milk as biomarkers of PAH exposure in dairy ruminants.
Blood pressure in relation to concentrations of PCB congeners and chlorinated pesticides.
Lack of effect of a moderate hypocaloric diet on visfatin levels in morbid obese patients: relationship with insulin resistance.
Optimized determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls in sheep serum by solid-phase extraction-gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
A study of relationships between bone-related vitamins and minerals, related risk markers, and subsequent mortality in older British people: the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of People Aged 65Years and Over.
Racial differences in correlations between reported dietary intakes of carotenoids and their concentration biomarkers.
In utero exposure to the antiandrogen di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate decreases adrenal aldosterone production in the adult rat.
Validation of a simplified food frequency questionnaire as used in the Nutrition and Health Survey in Taiwan (NAHSIT) for the elderly.
Cotinine concentrations in follicular fluid as a measure of secondhand tobacco smoke exposure in women undergoing in vitro fertilization: inter-matrix comparisons with urine and temporal variability.
Antioxidant intake from diet and supplements and elevated serum C-reactive protein and plasma homocysteine concentrations in US adults: a cross-sectional study.
Urinary excretion of phthalate metabolites in 129 healthy Danish children and adolescents: estimation of daily phthalate intake.
Personal care product use and urinary levels of phthalate metabolites in Mexican women.
Use of genetic markers and gene-diet interactions for interrogating population-level causal influences of diet on health.
Urinary concentrations of phthalates and phenols in a population of Spanish pregnant women and children.
An association of elevated serum prolactin with phthalate exposure in adult men.
European Surveillance of Antimicrobial Consumption (ESAC): disease-specific quality indicators for outpatient antibiotic prescribing.
Food patterns, inflammation markers and incidence of cardiovascular disease: the Malm Diet and Cancer study.
Food packaging and bisphenol A and bis(2-ethyhexyl) phthalate exposure: findings from a dietary intervention.
THCVA-A - a new additional marker for illegal cannabis consumption.
Variability in urinary oxalate measurements between six international laboratories.
Dietary fiber is associated with circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein in breast cancer survivors: the HEAL study.
DNA adduct formation of 4-aminobiphenyl and heterocyclic aromatic amines in human hepatocytes.
The association between blood pressure in adolescents and the consumption of fruits, vegetables and fruit juice--an exploratory study.
An occupational exposure assessment of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofurans in firefighters.
Biomarkers of chromosomal damage in peripheral blood lymphocytes induced by polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a meta-analysis.
Variability of plasma homovanillic acid over 13 months in patients with schizophrenia; relationship with the clinical response and the Wisconsin card sort test.
In situ labeling of DNA reveals interindividual variation in nuclear DNA breakdown in hair and may be useful to predict success of forensic genotyping of hair.
Enhanced hepatotoxicity induced by repeated exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin in combination in male rats.
Use of a food frequency questionnaire to assess diets of Jamaican adults: validation and correlation with biomarkers.
Phthalate metabolites in urine from China, and implications for human exposures.
Quality of life in multiple sclerosis patients with urinary disorders: reliability and validity of the Turkish version of King's Health Questionnaire.
Serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in Mexican women and breast cancer risk.
Vegetarian diet improves insulin resistance and oxidative stress markers more than conventional diet in subjects with Type 2 diabetes.
The -308 G/A polymorphism of the tumour necrosis factor- gene modifies the association between saturated fat intake and serum total cholesterol levels in white South African women.
Case discussion in blood glucose variability.
Assessment of non-occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons through personal air sampling and urinary biomonitoring.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in U.S. Meat and poultry from two statistically designed surveys showing trends and levels from 2002 to 2008.
High postnatal exposures to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) via breast milk in California: does BDE-209 transfer to breast milk?
Inter-rater reliability study of the modified Oxford Grading Scale and the Peritron manometer.
Spectroelectrochemical sensing of pyrene metabolites 1-hydroxypyrene and 1-hydroxypyrene-glucuronide.
Association with serum gamma-glutamyltransferase levels and alcohol consumption on stroke and coronary artery disease: the Suita study.
Detection of fatty acid ethyl esters in skin surface lipids as biomarkers of ethanol consumption in alcoholics, social drinkers, light drinkers, and teetotalers using a methodology based on microwave-assisted extraction followed by solid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of new flavonoid fatty acid esters with anti-adipogenic and enhancing glucose consumption activities.
Risk assessment for the daily intake of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from the ingestion of cockle (Anadara granosa) and exposure to contaminated water and sediments along the west coast of Peninsular Malaysia.
Variability in transport and biotransformation of cytarabine is associated with its toxicity in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Evaluation of exposure reduction to indoor air pollution in stove intervention projects in Peru by urinary biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Phthalates exposure of Chinese reproductive age couples and its effect on male semen quality, a primary study.
Dietary patterns are associated with levels of global genomic DNA methylation in a cancer-free population.
Urinary biomarkers of meat consumption.
Correlation between exposure to phthalates and concentrations of malondialdehyde in infants and children undergoing cyclic parenteral nutrition.
Baseline variation and associations between subject characteristics and five cytokine biomarkers of vaginal safety among healthy non-pregnant women in microbicide trials.
Phthalate exposures and human health concerns: A review and implications for practice.
Phthalate esters modulate the differentiation and maturation of mouse peripheral blood mononuclear cell-derived dendritic cells.
Flavanols from green tea and phenolic acids from coffee: critical quantitative evaluation of the pharmacokinetic data in humans after consumption of single doses of beverages.
A randomised trial to investigate the effects of acute consumption of a blackcurrant juice drink on markers of vascular reactivity and bioavailability of anthocyanins in human subjects.
Increasing blood glucose variability heralds hypoglycemia in the critically ill.
Dietary insulin index and insulin load in relation to biomarkers of glycemic control, plasma lipids, and inflammation markers.
Fetal adrenal development: comparing effects of combined exposures to PCB 118 and PCB 153 in a sheep model.
The diagnostic reliability of urinary cytology: a retrospective study.
Biomarkers of dairy intake and the risk of heart disease.
Development and validation of a food-frequency questionnaire to assess short-term antioxidant intake in athletes.
Correlations of PCBs, DIOXIN, and PBDE with TSH in children's blood in areas of computer E-waste recycling.
Validation of the Japanese version of the Sarcoidosis Health Questionnaire: a cross-sectional study.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, arsenic and environmental tobacco smoke, nutrient intake, and oxidative stress in Japanese preschool children.
Cervical blood perfusion assessed using power Doppler-derived estimation of fractional moving blood volume: a reproducibility study.
Supplementation of a western diet with golden kiwifruits (Actinidia chinensis var.'Hort 16A':) effects on biomarkers of oxidation damage and antioxidant protection.
Fruit and vegetable intake influences the association between exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and a marker of oxidative stress in pregnant women.
FADS1 genetic variability interacts with dietary -linolenic acid intake to affect serum non-HDL-cholesterol concentrations in European adolescents.
Exposure to phthalates: reproductive outcome and children health. A review of epidemiological studies.
Urinary concentrations of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites and serum reproductive hormones: pooled analysis of fertile and infertile men.
Feasibility and reliability of flow-cytometry (fcm) DNA analysis of fresh and fixed urine samples.
Association between self-monitoring of blood glucose and diet among minority patients with diabetes.
The changes in plasma retinol-binding protein 4 levels are associated with those of the apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins during dietary and drug treatment.
Variability of serum tumor-associated antigens and their significance in cancer-diagnosis (review).
Chinese validation of Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire.
Exercise training biomarkers: influence of short-term diet modification on the blood lactate to rating of perceived exertion (La:RPE) ratio.
Urinary N-methylpyridinium and trigonelline as candidate dietary biomarkers of coffee consumption.
Multi-center feasibility study evaluating recruitment, variability in risk factors and biomarkers for a diet and cancer cohort in India.
Circulating levels of bisphenol A and phthalates are related to carotid atherosclerosis in the elderly.
The association between semen quality in workers and the concentration of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in polyvinyl chloride pellet plant air.
Impact of the improved patsari biomass stove on urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon biomarkers and carbon monoxide exposures in rural Mexican women.
Quantification of carcinogenic 4- to 6-ring polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine by solid-phase microextraction gas chromatography-isotope dilution mass spectrometry.
Reproducibility of fetal ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveforms during first stage of labor.
Cytogenetic biomonitoring of road paving workers occupationally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Organophosphate pesticide metabolite levels in pre-school children in an agricultural community: within- and between-child variability in a longitudinal study.
Heart rate variability, overnight urinary norepinephrine, and plasma cholesterol in apparently healthy human adults.
Comparison of serum bisphenol A concentrations in mice exposed to bisphenol A through the diet versus oral bolus exposure.
Elevated levels of triglyceride and triglyceride-rich lipoprotein triglyceride induced by a high-carbohydrate diet is associated with polymorphisms of APOA5-1131T>C and APOC3-482C>T in Chinese healthy young adults.
Haloacetic acids in swimming pools: swimmer and worker exposure.
Higher biomarker-calibrated protein intake is not associated with impaired renal function in postmenopausal women.
Reproducibility of and correspondence among different hepcidin forms in blood and urine and their relationships to iron status in healthy, male Guatemalan volunteers observed over 9 weeks.
Decreased heart rate variability in HIV positive patients receiving antiretroviral therapy: importance of blood glucose and cholesterol.
Exposure of Hong Kong residents to PBDEs and their structural analogues through market fish consumption.
Serum PBDEs and age at menarche in adolescent girls: analysis of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004.
Human maternal and umbilical cord blood concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Serum PCB levels and congener profiles among teachers in PCB-containing schools: a pilot study.
Developmental exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate impairs endocrine pancreas and leads to long-term adverse effects on glucose homeostasis in the rat.
A carbohydrate-restricted diet during resistance training promotes more favorable changes in body composition and markers of health in obese women with and without insulin resistance.
Diet-induced elevations in serum cholesterol are associated with alterations in hippocampal lipid metabolism and increased oxidative stress.
Associations of polychlorinated biphenyl exposure and endogenous hormones with diabetes in post-menopausal women previously employed at a capacitor manufacturing plant.
Determinants of serum concentrations of 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethylene and polychlorinated biphenyls among French women in the CECILE study.
Bisphenol-A and phthalates contamination of urine samples by catheters in the Elfe pilot study: implications for large-scale biomonitoring studies.
Health risk associated with dietary co-exposure to high levels of antimony and arsenic in the world's largest antimony mine area.
Does increased intake of salmon increase markers of oxidative stress in pregnant women? The salmon in pregnancy study.
Glycine N-methyltransferase affects urinary 1-hydroxypyrene and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine levels after PAH exposure.
Temporal trends in serum concentrations of polychlorinated dioxins, furans, and PCBs among adult women living in Chapaevsk, Russia: a longitudinal study from 2000 to 2009.
Phthalate exposure associated with self-reported diabetes among Mexican women.
Association between dietary folate intake and blood status of folate and homocysteine in Malaysian adults.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites in placenta from Madrid mothers.
The reliability of maternal serum triple test in prenatal diagnosis of fetal chromosomal abnormalities of pregnant Turkish women.
Biological monitoring of indoor-exposure to dioxin-like and non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) in a public building.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in plasma predict development of type 2 diabetes in the elderly: the prospective investigation of the vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS) study.
Occupational exposure to diisononyl phthalate (DiNP) in polyvinyl chloride processing operations.
Increased blood glucose variability during therapeutic hypothermia and outcome after cardiac arrest.
Freshwater fish-consumption relations with total hair mercury and selenium among women in eastern China.
Repeated measurements for assessment of urinary 2-naphthol levels in individuals exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Associations between polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants, phenolic metabolites, and thyroid hormones during pregnancy.
Exposure to PBDEs in the office environment: evaluating the relationships between dust, handwipes, and serum.
Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in indoor air and in serum among older residents of upper Hudson River communities.
Parental eating attitudes and indicators of healthy eating in a longitudinal randomized dietary intervention trial (the STRIP study).
Biomarker-based evaluation of two 24-h recalls for comparing usual fish, fruit and vegetable intakes across European centers in the EFCOVAL Study.
A high-amylopectin diet caused hepatic steatosis associated with more lipogenic enzymes and increased serum insulin concentration.
Incidence of thyroid disease following exposure to polybrominated biphenyls and polychlorinated biphenyls, Michigan, 1974-2006.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers, polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human milk as markers of environmental exposure to these compounds.
A high intake of trans fatty acids has little effect on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in humans.
Fish consumption in healthy adults is associated with decreased circulating biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction and inflammation during a 6-year follow-up.
Effect of consumption of tomato juice enriched with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the lipid profile, antioxidant biomarker status, and cardiovascular disease risk in healthy women.
Atherosclerosis amelioration by moderate alcohol consumption is associated with increased circulating levels of stromal cell-derived factor-1.
Relationship between dietary mineral intake and blood pressure (BP) in the elderly in Turkey.
Relation between glucose levels, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), body mass index (BMI) and serum and dietary retinol in elderly in population-based study.
Study on the interaction of phthalate esters to human serum albumin by steady-state and time-resolved fluorescence and circular dichroism spectroscopy.
Relationship between dietary folate intake and plasma monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and interleukin-8 in heart failure patients.
Establishing the content validity of the King's Health Questionnaire in men and women with overactive bladder in the US.
Identification of human urinary biomarkers of cruciferous vegetable consumption by metabonomic profiling.
Changes in markers of inflammation, antioxidant capacity and oxidative stress in smokers following consumption of milk, and milk supplemented with fruit and vegetable extracts and vitamin C.
Plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations correlate with whole grain wheat and rye intake and show moderate reproducibility over a 2- to 3-month period in free-living Swedish adults.
Comparison of immunnological and genotoxicological parameters in automobile emission inspectors exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and hearing impairment in children.
DNA damage associated with PCBs in the whole blood cells of Inuit.
Environmental exposure to PBDEs and thyroid function among New York anglers.
The influence of metabolic gene polymorphisms on urinary 1-hydroxypyrene concentration in Thai bus drivers.
Dietary reporting errors on 24 h recalls and dietary questionnaires are associated with BMI across six European countries as evaluated with recovery biomarkers for protein and potassium intake.
Dietary intake associated with serum versus urinary carboxymethyl-lysine, a major advanced glycation end product, in adults: the Energetics Study.
Determinants of serum polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) levels among pregnant women in the CHAMACOS cohort.
Prolonged high iodine intake is associated with inhibition of type 2 deiodinase activity in pituitary and elevation of serum thyrotropin levels.
Molecular markers that can be utilized in diet and dietary supplement research.
Urinary levels of 1-hydroxypyrene in children residing near a coal-fired power plant.
Non-inferiority of insulin glargine versus insulin detemir on blood glucose variability in type 1 diabetes patients: a multicenter, randomized, crossover study.
DNA adducts in skin biopsies and 1-hydroxypyrene in urine of psoriasis patients and healthy volunteers following treatment with coal tar.
Biochemical study of oxidative stress markers in the liver, kidney and heart of high fat diet induced obesity in rats.
Dietary intake of vitamin B12 and folic acid is associated with lower blood pressure in Japanese preschool children.
Progress in the removal of di-[2-ethylhexyl]-phthalate as plasticizer in blood bags.
Altered cardiovascular reactivity and osmoregulation during hyperosmotic stress in adult rats developmentally exposed to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs).
Dietary selenium (Se) and vitamin E (V(E)) supplementation modulated methylmercury-mediated changes in markers of cardiovascular diseases in rats.
Biomarkers of low-level mercury exposure through fish consumption in pregnant and lactating Slovenian women.
Associations between dietary n-6 and n-3 fatty acids and arachidonic acid compositions in plasma and erythrocytes in young and elderly Japanese volunteers.
Natural antibodies in bovine milk and blood plasma: variability among cows, repeatability within cows, and relation between milk and plasma titers.
Effects of di-n-butyl phthalate on male rat reproduction following pubertal exposure.
One-Year Plasma N-linked Glycome Intra-individual and Inter-individual Variability in the Chicken Model of Spontaneous Ovarian Adenocarcinoma.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and DNA adduct semi-quantitation in archived human tissues.
In utero exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and reduced neonatal physiological development from Guiyu, China.
Whole genome expression in peripheral-blood samples of workers professionally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Prenatal exposure to bisphenol A and phthalates and infant neurobehavior.
Differential gene expression and a functional analysis of PCB-exposed children: understanding disease and disorder development.
Development and psychometric evaluation of a dutch questionnaire for the assessment of anorectal and lower urinary tract symptoms.
Daytime triglyceride variability in men and women with different levels of triglyceridemia.
Increasing the vegetable intake dose is associated with a rise in plasma carotenoids without modifying oxidative stress or inflammation in overweight or obese postmenopausal women.
Effect of dietary supplementation with unprocessed and ethanol-extracted apple pomaces on caecal fermentation, antioxidant and blood biomarkers in rats.
Arterial erectile dysfunction: reliability of penile Doppler evaluation integrated with serum concentrations of late endothelial progenitor cells and endothelial microparticles.
A diet high in fatty fish, bilberries and wholegrain products improves markers of endothelial function and inflammation in individuals with impaired glucose metabolism in a randomised controlled trial: the Sysdimet study.
Modulation of DNA repair capacity by ataxia telangiectasia mutated gene polymorphisms among polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons-exposed workers.
Association of prenatal exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and infant birth weight.
Oxidative stress markers and phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy in a patient with GLUT1 deficiency treated with modified Atkins diet.
Changes in coagulation factor activity and content of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate in frozen plasma units during refrigerated storage for up to five days after thawing.
Biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake in human intervention studies: a systematic review.
Fructose and non-fructose sugar intakes in the US population and their associations with indicators of metabolic syndrome.
Association between 3 and 6 fatty acid intakes and serum inflammatory markers in COPD.
Longitudinal increases in PCDD/F and dl-PCB concentrations in human milk in northern China.
Maternal prenatal urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and child mental, psychomotor, and behavioral development at 3 years of age.
Exposure to phthalates and phenols during pregnancy and offspring size at birth.
Psychometric evaluation of a new patient-completed questionnaire for evaluating anal incontinence symptoms and impact on quality of life: the ICIQ-B.
Comparison of 24-h volume and creatinine-corrected total urinary polyphenol as a biomarker of total dietary polyphenols in the Invecchiare InCHIANTI study.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in maternal and umbilical cord blood from pregnant Hispanic women living in Brownsville, Texas.
Lower variability of tacrolimus trough concentration after conversion from prograf to advagraf in stable kidney transplant recipients.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons within airborne particulate matter (PM(2.5)) produced DNA bulky stable adducts in a human lung cell coculture model.
Nutritional biomarkers and foodomic methodologies for qualitative and quantitative analysis of bioactive ingredients in dietary intervention studies.
Vitamin B-12, folate, iron, and vitamin A concentrations in rural Indian children are associated with continued breastfeeding, complementary diet, and maternal nutrition.
Effect of Mediterranean diet on lipid peroxidation marker TBARS in obese patients with OSAHS under CPAP treatment: a randomised trial.
Few favorable associations between fruit and vegetable intake and biomarkers for chronic disease risk in American adults.
Consumption of dietary salt measured by urinary sodium excretion and its association with body weight status in healthy children and adolescents.
Association between dietary patterns and blood lipid profiles in Korean adults with type 2 diabetes.
A diet lower in digestible carbohydrate results in lower postprandial glucose concentrations compared with a traditional canine diabetes diet and an adult maintenance diet in healthy dogs.
Effects of alcohol consumption on biomarkers of oxidative damage to DNA and lipids in ethanol-fed pigs.
Changes in serum zinc levels associated with giardiasis and dietary zinc intake in mice.
Ginger phytochemicals mitigate the obesogenic effects of a high-fat diet in mice: a proteomic and biomarker network analysis.
Development and psychometric evaluation of the Treatment Adherence Questionnaire for Patients with Hypertension.
Circulating levels of bisphenol A (BPA) and phthalates in an elderly population in Sweden, based on the Prospective Investigation of the Vasculature in Uppsala Seniors (PIVUS).
Changes in dietary habits and their association with metabolic markers after a non-intensive, community-based lifestyle intervention to prevent type 2 diabetes, in Greece. The DEPLAN study.
Quantitative blood flow measurements in gliomas using arterial spin-labeling at 3T: intermodality agreement and inter- and intraobserver reproducibility study.
Quantification of PCDD/Fs and dioxin-like PCBs in small amounts of human serum using the sensitive H1L7.5c1 mouse hepatoma cell line: optimization and analysis of human serum samples from adolescents of the Flemish human biomonitoring program FLEHS II.
Magnetic resonance imaging measurement reproducibility for calf muscle and adipose tissue volume.
Dioxin and polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations in mother's serum and the timing of pubertal onset in sons.
High levels of 1-hydroxypyrene and hydroxyphenanthrenes in urine of children and adults from Afghanistan.
Exposure and emissions monitoring during carbon nanofiber production--Part II: polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
PCDD, PCDF, and PCB exposure in current and former firefighters from Eastern Siberia.
PAH biomarkers in common eelpout (Zoarces viviparus) from Danish waters.
Levels of phthalate metabolites in urine among mother-child-pairs - results from the Duisburg birth cohort study, Germany.
Exposure to indoor air pollutants (polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, toluene, benzene) in Mexican indigenous women.
Reliability of Cr-EDTA plasma and urinary clearance as a measure of residual renal function in dialysis patients.
Identification of di-isononyl phthalate metabolites for exposure marker discovery using in vitro/in vivo metabolism and signal mining strategy with LC-MS data.
The relationship between plasma alpha-tocopherol concentration and vitamin E intake in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Assessment of interindividual variability of plasma concentrations after administrazion of high doses of intravenous amoxicillin or cloxacillin in critically ill patients.
Identification of intra- and inter-individual metabolite variation in plasma metabolite profiles of cats and dogs.
Effects of blackcurrant-based juice on atherosclerosis-related biomarkers in cultured macrophages and in human subjects after consumption of a high-energy meal.
Combining US and Brazilian microsatellite data for a meta-analysis of sheep (Ovis aries) breed diversity: facilitating the FAO Global Plan of Action for Conserving Animal Genetic Resources.
Validation of protein and potassium intakes assessed from 24 h recalls against levels estimated from 24 h urine samples in children and adolescents of Turkish descent living in Germany: results from the EVET! Study.
Prenatal concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, DDE, and DDT and overweight in children: a prospective birth cohort study.
Prenatal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate induces anorectal malformations in male rat offspring.
Time-efficient black blood RCA wall imaging at 3T using improved motion sensitized driven equilibrium (iMSDE): feasibility and reproducibility.
Development and analytic validation of an immunoassay for the quantification of canine S100A12 in serum and fecal samples and its biological variability in serum from healthy dogs.
Cheese intake in large amounts lowers LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content.
Fish consumption, low-level mercury, lipids, and inflammatory markers in children.
Simulation of urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene in various scenarios of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons with a generic, cross-chemical predictive PBTK-model.
Plasma ochratoxin A levels, food consumption, and risk biomarkers of a representative sample of men and women from the Molise region in Italy.
Ecological-level associations between highly processed food intakes and plasma phospholipid elaidic acid concentrations: results from a cross-sectional study within the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition (EPIC).
The kinetics of cell surface receptor expression in children perinatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
Assessment of exposure to PCB 153 from breast feeding and normal food intake in individual children using a system approach model.
COPD association and repeatability of blood biomarkers in the ECLIPSE cohort.
Pharmacokinetics, metabolism and excretion of 14C-monoethyl phthalate (MEP) and 14C-diethyl phthalate (DEP) after single oral and IV administration in the juvenile dog.
Mathematical relationships between the intake of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and their contents in adipose tissue of growing pigs.
Effects of dietary fish oil on the depletion of carcinogenic PAH-DNA adduct levels in the liver of B6C3F1 mouse.
Fatty acids in serum and diet--a canonical correlation analysis among toddlers.
Effects of dietary strawberry powder on blood lipids and inflammatory markers in obese human subjects.
A comparison of levels of select minerals in scalp hair samples with estimated dietary intakes of these minerals in women of reproductive age.
Low levels of vitamin D in professional basketball players after wintertime: relationship with dietary intake of vitamin D and calcium.
Hematologic and immunological indicators are altered by chronic intake of flaxseed in Wistar rats.
Validation of the Chinese version of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire short form (PISQ-12).
Effects of high-fat diet on plasma lipids, adiposity, and inflammatory markers in ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice.
Impact of barbecued meat consumed in pregnancy on birth outcomes accounting for personal prenatal exposure to airborne polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: Birth cohort study in Poland.
Exploration of oxidative stress and inflammatory markers in relation to urinary phthalate metabolites: NHANES 1999-2006.
Association between 24 hour urinary -tocopherol catabolite, 2,5,7,8-tetramethyl-2(2'-carboxyethyl)-6-hydroxychroman (-CEHC) and -tocopherol intake in intervention and cross-sectional studies.
Bone health in children with celiac disease assessed by dual x-ray absorptiometry: effect of gluten-free diet and predictive value of serum biochemical indices.
A short food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of seafood and n-3 supplements: validation with biomarkers.
Levels of organochlorine pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls in the critically endangered Iberian lynx and other sympatric carnivores in Spain.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in vacuum dust and blood of residents in 20 Wisconsin households.
The influence of diet on intra and inter-individual variability of urinary excretion of arsenic species in Italian healthy individuals.
High polybrominated diphenyl ether levels in California house cats: house dust a primary source?
Change of diet, plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and fatty acids during Ramadan: a controversial association of the considered Ramadan model with atherosclerosis risk.
Bile acid metabolites in serum: intraindividual variation and associations with coronary heart disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus.
Soluble urokinase plasminogen activator receptor in plasma is associated with incidence of CVD. Results from the Malm Diet and Cancer Study.
Effects of freeze-dried cranberry powder on serum lipids and inflammatory markers in lipopolysaccharide treated rats fed an atherogenic diet.
Polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) in blood from children (age 9-12) in Taizhou, China.
Monitoring of ovarian activity by measurement of urinary excretion rates of estrone glucuronide and pregnanediol glucuronide using the Ovarian Monitor, Part II: reliability of home testing.
Profiling of gender-specific rat plasma proteins associated with susceptibility or resistance to diet-induced obesity.
Individual variation and repeatability in urinary corticosterone metabolite responses to capture in the cane toad (Rhinella marina).
Dietary fat, abdominal obesity and smoking modulate the relationship between plasma complement component 3 concentrations and metabolic syndrome risk.
Influence of immunization with non-genotoxic PAH-KLH conjugates on the resistance of organisms exposed to benzo(a)pyrene.
Response inhibition and error monitoring during a visual go/no-go task in inuit children exposed to lead, polychlorinated biphenyls, and methylmercury.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites as markers for blood transfusion in doping control: intra-individual variability of urinary concentrations.
Associations between congenital cryptorchidism in newborn boys and levels of dioxins and PCBs in placenta.
Short-term consumption of sucralose, a nonnutritive sweetener, is similar to water with regard to select markers of hunger signaling and short-term glucose homeostasis in women.
Simultaneous determination of nicotine and PAH metabolites in human hair specimen: a potential methodology to assess tobacco smoke contribution in PAH exposure.
Environmental and urinary markers of prenatal exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products, fetal growth, and duration of gestation in the PELAGIE birth cohort (Brittany, France, 2002-2006).
Repeatability of post-void residual urine  100 ml in urogynaecologic patients.
Validity of retrospective diet history: assessing recall of midlife diet using food frequency questionnaire in later life.
Temporal variability in urinary concentrations of perchlorate, nitrate, thiocyanate and iodide among children.
Effects of rose hip intake on risk markers of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease: a randomized, double-blind, cross-over investigation in obese persons.
Plasma alkylresorcinols as a biomarker of whole-grain food consumption in a large population: results from the WHOLEheart Intervention Study.
RASSF1A hypermethylation is associated with aflatoxin B1 and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in hepatocellular carcinoma.
Impact of aqueous doash extract on urinary mutagenicity in rats exposed to heterocyclic amines.
Relation between dietary cadmium intake and biomarkers of cadmium exposure in premenopausal women accounting for body iron stores.
Different effects by sex on hypothalamic-pituitary axis of prepubertal offspring rats produced by in utero and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP).
Interlaboratory agreement and handling variability for consistency of results in paired serum bile acid assays.
Polychlorinated biphenyl congeners that increase the glucuronidation and biliary excretion of thyroxine are distinct from the congeners that enhance the serum disappearance of thyroxine.
Environmental exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and p,p'-DDE and sperm sex-chromosome disomy.
Legume consumption is inversely associated with serum concentrations of adhesion molecules and inflammatory biomarkers among Iranian women.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE) in blood of children in Baden-Wrttemberg between 2002/03 and 2008/09.
Association between plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D and colorectal adenoma according to dietary calcium intake and vitamin D receptor polymorphism.
Effects of dietary administration of Echinacea purpurea on growth indices and biochemical and hematological indices in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) fingerlings.
Environmental polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) exposure and DNA damage in Mexican children.
Dietary patterns and ethnicity are associated with distinct plasma proteomic groups.
Trans fatty acids consumption in type 1 diabetic patients: evaluation by dietary records and measurement in serum phospholipids.
Validation of the ICRP model for caesium intake by lactating mothers with Italian data after the Chernobyl fallout.
Dietary inclusion of salmon, herring and pompano as oily fish reduces CVD risk markers in dyslipidaemic middle-aged and elderly Chinese women.
Associations between phthalate metabolite urinary concentrations and body size measures in New York City children.
Long-term dietary potential renal acid load during adolescence is prospectively associated with indices of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in young women.
Picogram per liter level determination of hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in water by liquid chromatography-electrospray tandem mass spectrometry.
Associations of serum aflatoxin B1-lysine adduct level with socio-demographic factors and aflatoxins intake from nuts and related nut products in Malaysia.
Strength of the relationships between three self-reported dietary intake instruments and serum carotenoids: the Observing Energy and Protein Nutrition (OPEN) Study.
Comparisons of polybrominated diphenyl ethers levels in paired South Korean cord blood, maternal blood, and breast milk samples.
Concentrations and speciation of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human amniotic fluid.
Antioxidant biomarkers and food intake in elderly women.
Do phthalates affect steroidogenesis by the human fetal testis? Exposure of human fetal testis xenografts to di-n-butyl phthalate.
Antiandrogenic activity of phthalate mixtures: validity of concentration addition.
Estimation of intersubject variability of cerebral blood flow measurements using MRI and positron emission tomography.
Identification of potential biomarkers of exposure to di(isononyl)cyclohexane-1,2-dicarboxylate (DINCH), an alternative for phthalate plasticizers.
A "crossomics" study analysing variability of different components in peripheral blood of healthy caucasoid individuals.
Prenatal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, benzo[a]pyrene-DNA adducts, and genomic DNA methylation in cord blood.
The relationship between the level of serum creatinine, modified diet and renal disease formula, Cockcroft-Gault formula, and renal tubulointerstitial lesion.
Variability of urinary phthalate metabolite and bisphenol A concentrations before and during pregnancy.
Regulation of paraoxonase 1 (PON1) in PCB 126-exposed male Sprague Dawley rats.
A high calcium diet containing nonfat dry milk reduces weight gain and associated adipose tissue inflammation in diet-induced obese mice when compared to high calcium alone.
Impact of hepatitis B virus (HBV) preS/S genomic variability on HBV surface antigen and HBV DNA serum levels.
The role of androgen-induced growth factor (FGF8) on genital tubercle development in a hypospadiac male rat model of prenatal exposure to di-n-butyl phthalate.
Pre- and postnatal polychlorinated biphenyl concentrations and longitudinal measures of thymus volume in infants.
Clinically significant variability of serum IgE concentrations in patients with severe asthma.
A mixture of an environmentally realistic concentration of a phthalate and herbicide reduces testosterone in male fathead minnow (Pimephales promelas) through a novel mechanism of action.
Determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides in human serum by gas chromatography with micro-electron capture detector.
Effect of chronic cervical ganglionectomy on the spontaneous variability of internal carotid blood flow in the conscious rat.
Decabromobiphenyl, polybrominated diphenyl ethers, and brominated phenolic compounds in serum of cats diagnosed with the endocrine disease feline hyperthyroidism.
Usage and attitudes of physicians in Japan concerning traditional Japanese medicine (kampo medicine): a descriptive evaluation of a representative questionnaire-based survey.
Psychometric validation of a knowledge questionnaire on micronutrients among adolescents and its relationship to micronutrient status of 15-19-year-old adolescent boys, Hyderabad, India.
Association of serum levels of polychlorinated biphenyls with IL-8 mRNA expression in blood samples from asthmatic and non-asthmatic Japanese children.
Assessment of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) in serum from the Korean general population.
Maternal occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: effects on gastroschisis among offspring in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study.
Platelet-rich plasma differs according to preparation method and human variability.
Alcohol consumption shows a J-shaped association with lower urinary tract symptoms in the general screening population.
Red blood cell folate concentrations and polyglutamate distribution in juvenile arthritis:  predictors of folate variability.
Developmental coexposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and polybrominated diphenyl ethers has additive effects on circulating thyroxine levels in rats.
Sources of dietary protein in relation to blood pressure in a general Dutch population.
Diethyl phthalate enhances apoptosis induced by serum deprivation in PC12 cells.
Urinary phthalate metabolites and their biotransformation products: predictors and temporal variability among men and women.
Consumption of vitamin D-and calcium-fortified soft white cheese lowers the biochemical marker of bone resorption TRAP 5b in postmenopausal women at moderate risk of osteoporosis fracture.
Reliability of Doppler and stethoscope methods of determining systolic blood pressures: considerations for calculating an ankle-brachial index.
Magnetic solid-phase extraction based on diphenyl functionalization of Fe3O4 magnetic nanoparticles for the determination of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in urine samples.
Higher serum concentrations of dietary antioxidants are associated with lower levels of inflammatory biomarkers during the year after hip fracture.
Plasma levels of PCSK9 and phenotypic variability in familial hypercholesterolemia.
Plasma arginine vasopressin level in hypothyroid women in relation to dietary sodium supply.
A comparative validation of a child food frequency questionnaire using red blood cell membrane fatty acids.
Modulation of the association between plasma intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and cancer risk by n-3 PUFA intake: a nested case-control study.
Effect of serum electrolyte and bicarbonate concentration changes during hemodialysis sessions on heart rate variability.
Daily variability in mineral metabolites in CKD and effects of dietary calcium and calcitriol.
Reproducibility, accuracy and concordance of Accutrend Plus for measuring circulating lipid concentration in adults.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE)--intra- and inter-individual variability in chronic hemodialysis patients.
Reproducibility of electrical sensory testing in lower urinary tract at weekly intervals in healthy volunteers and women with non-neurogenic detrusor overactivity.
Effects of prenatal polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and environmental tobacco smoke on child IQ in a Chinese cohort.
Dietary tocopherols inhibit cell proliferation, regulate expression of ER, PPAR, and Nrf2, and decrease serum inflammatory markers during the development of mammary hyperplasia.
Alteration of some inflammatory biomarkers by dietary oxysterols in rats.
Single slice vs. volumetric MR assessment of visceral adipose tissue: reliability and validity among the overweight and obese.
Characterization of melamine-associated urinary stones in children with consumption of melamine-contaminated infant formula.
Associations of dietary phosphorus intake, urinary phosphate excretion, and fibroblast growth factor 23 with vascular stiffness in chronic kidney disease.
Carbon and nitrogen isotopic ratios of urine and faeces as novel nutritional biomarkers of meat and fish intake.
Low fatness, reduced fat intake and adequate plasmatic concentrations of LDL-cholesterol are associated with high bone mineral density in women: a cross-sectional study with control group.
Sweetened beverage consumption, incident coronary heart disease, and biomarkers of risk in men.
Association of natural intake of dietary plant sterols with carotid intima-media thickness and blood lipids in Chinese adults: a cross-section study.
Sex-specific relationships between alcohol consumption and vitamin D levels: The Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2009.
Assessing validity of a short food frequency questionnaire on present dietary intake of elderly Icelanders.
Assessment of the levels of persistent organic pollutants and 1-hydroxypyrene in blood and urine samples from Mexican children living in an endemic malaria area in Mexico.
Dietary tryptophan changes serum stress markers, enzyme activity, and ions concentration of wild common carp Cyprinus carpio exposed to ambient copper.
Validity and reproducibility of folate and vitamin B(12) intakes estimated from a self-administered diet history questionnaire in Japanese pregnant women.
Beneficial effects of rosuvastatin on insulin resistance, adiposity, inflammatory markers and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Associations between circulating levels of bisphenol A and phthalate metabolites and coronary risk in the elderly.
Glutathione transferase polymorphisms and risk of endometriosis associated with polychlorinated biphenyls exposure in Italian women: a gene-environment interaction.
Prolonged elevation of cytokine levels after human acute ischaemic stroke with evidence of individual variability.
Variability in blood-based amyloid-beta assays: the need for consensus on pre-analytical processing.
Comparison of dietary supplementation with lutein diacetate and lutein: a pilot study of the effects on serum and macular pigment.
Exposure and kinetics of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in cigarette smokers.
High urinary phthalate concentration associated with delayed pubarche in girls.
Accumulation of polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and evaluation of hematological and immunological effects of PCB exposure on turtles.
Skin carotenoid status measured by resonance Raman spectroscopy as a biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake in preschool children.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (1-OHPG and 2-naphthol) and oxidative stress (malondialdehyde) biomarkers in urine among Korean adults and children.
Alkylresorcinol metabolite concentrations in spot urine samples correlated with whole grain and cereal fiber intake but showed low to modest reproducibility over one to three years in U.S. women.
Interindividual variation in serum cholesterol is associated with regional white matter tissue integrity in older adults.
Different manufacturers of syringes: a new source of variability in blood gas, acid-base balance and related laboratory test?
Dietary supplementation with ovine serum immunoglobulin is associated with an increased gut luminal mucin concentration in the growing rat.
Improvement of vitamin D status via daily intake of fortified yogurt drink either with or without extra calcium ameliorates systemic inflammatory biomarkers, including adipokines, in the subjects with type 2 diabetes.
Sample preparation method to minimize chemical shift variability for NMR-based urinary metabonomics of genetically hypertensive rats.
Virgin olive oil and nuts as key foods of the Mediterranean diet effects on inflammatory biomakers related to atherosclerosis.
Intake levels of dietary long-chain PUFAs modify the association between genetic variation in FADS and LDL-C.
Evaluation of flavonoids and enterolactone in overnight urine as intake biomarkers of fruits, vegetables and beverages in the Inter99 cohort study using the method of triads.
A one-year school-based diet/exercise intervention improves non-traditional disease biomarkers in Mexican-American children.
Blood immunometabolic indices and polymorphonuclear neutrophil function in peripartum dairy cows are altered by level of dietary energy prepartum.
Investigation of the applicability of highly ordered TiO nanotube array for enrichment and determination of polychlorinated biphenyls at trace level in environmental water samples.
Blood lead level modifies the association between dietary antioxidants and oxidative stress in an urban adult population.
Out-of-hand nut consumption is associated with improved nutrient intake and health risk markers in US children and adults: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004.
Socioeconomic factors and phthalate metabolite concentrations among United States women of reproductive age.
Serum concentrations of phthalate metabolites are related to abdominal fat distribution two years later in elderly women.
Effects of chronic calorie restriction or dietary resveratrol supplementation on insulin sensitivity markers in a primate, Microcebus murinus.
Plant protein intake is associated with fibroblast growth factor 23 and serum bicarbonate levels in patients with chronic kidney disease: the Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort study.
Di-(2-ethylhexyl)-phthalate migration from irradiated poly(vinyl chloride) blood bags for graft-vs-host disease prevention.
The use of underloaded C(18) solid-phase extraction plates increases reproducibility of analysis of tryptic peptides from unfractionated human plasma.
Effect of a tomato-rich diet on markers of cardiovascular disease risk in moderately overweight, disease-free, middle-aged adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Progranulin gene variability and plasma levels in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
Relationship between dietary patterns and serum uric acid concentrations among ethnic Chinese adults in Taiwan.
The validation of international consultation on incontinence questionnaires in the Greek language.
The variability of reported salt levels in fast foods across six countries: opportunities for salt reduction.
Variability of plasma and urine betaine in diabetes mellitus and its relationship to methionine load test responses: an observational study.
Evaluating the relationship between carisoprodol concentrations and meprobamate formation and inter-subject and intra-subject variability in urinary excretion data of pain patients.
Accuracy investigation of phthalate metabolite standards.
Relationship between sodium intake and blood pressure according to metabolic syndrome status in the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Proteomic analysis of microvesicles from plasma of healthy donors reveals high individual variability.
Stress urinary incontinence and quality of life: a reliability study of a condition-specific instrument in paper and web-based versions.
Intraindividual variation in plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D measures 5 years apart among postmenopausal women.
Linguistic validation of translation of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire from English.
Quality of life after laparoscopy-assisted pylorus-preserving gastrectomy: an evaluation using a questionnaire mailed to the patients.
Correlation of blood pressure, obesity, and adherence to the Mediterranean diet with indices of arterial stiffness in children.
Variability in blood and blood component utilization as assessed by an anesthesia information management system.
White blood cell global methylation and IL-6 promoter methylation in association with diet and lifestyle risk factors in a cancer-free population.
The Mediterranean diet pattern and its main components are associated with lower plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor receptor 60 in patients at high risk for cardiovascular disease.
Fish to meat intake ratio and cooking oils are associated with hepatitis C virus carriers with persistently normal alanine aminotransferase levels.
Correcting for the influence of sampling conditions on biomarkers of exposure to phenols and phthalates: a 2-step standardization method based on regression residuals.
Occupational exposure to aromatic hydrocarbons and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons at a coke plant.
Very high correlations between fresh weight and lipid-adjusted PCB-153 serum concentrations: irrespective of fasting status, age, body mass index, gender, or exposure distributions.
Effects of a caloric restriction weight loss diet and exercise on inflammatory biomarkers in overweight/obese postmenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial.
The longitudinal variability of serum 25(OH)D levels.
Maternal exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and 5'-CpG methylation of interferon- in cord white blood cells.
The relationship between alcohol consumption and fatal motor vehicle injury: high risk at low alcohol levels.
Reliability of serum biomarkers of inflammation from repeated measures in healthy individuals.
Serum concentrations of p, p'-DDE, HCB, PCBs and reproductive hormones among men of reproductive age.
The effect of prenatal and postnatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and child neurodevelopment at age twenty four months.
Serum and follicular fluid concentrations of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and in-vitro fertilization outcome.
Synthesis and tentative identification of novel polybrominated diphenyl ether metabolites in human blood.
Association of mate tea (Ilex paraguariensis) intake and dietary intervention and effects on oxidative stress biomarkers of dyslipidemic subjects.
Biochemical study of retired pentachlorophenol workers with and without following dietary exposure to PCDD/Fs.
The determination of occupational exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons by the analysis of 1-hydroxypyrene in urine using a simple automated online column switching device and high-performance liquid chromatography.
Day-to-day variability in spot urine protein-creatinine ratio measurements.
Dietary methods and biomarkers of omega 3 fatty acids: a systematic review.
Adolescent fiber consumption is associated with visceral fat and inflammatory markers.
A novel extraction method combining plasma with a whole-blood fraction shows excellent sensitivity and reproducibility for patients at high risk for invasive aspergillosis.
Exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in premature neonates in a neonatal intensive care unit in Taiwan.
Development and validation of a direct sandwich chemiluminescence immunoassay for measuring DNA adducts of benzo[a]pyrene and other polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in pregnant and lactating women: a systematic review with dose-response meta-analyses.
Simultaneous enantioselective separation of polychlorinated biphenyls and their methyl sulfone metabolites by heart-cut MDGC: determination of enantiomeric fractions in fish oils and cow liver samples.
Evaluation of food and nutrient intake assessment using concentration biomarkers in European adolescents from the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence study.
Reproducibility of cerebral blood flow assessment using a quantitative SPECT reconstruction program and split-dose 123I-iodoamphetamine in institutions with different -cameras and collimators.
The PBDE-209 exposure during pregnancy and lactation impairs immune function in rats.
Evaluation of factors that affect analytic variability of urine protein-to-creatinine ratio determination in dogs.
Plasma inflammatory and vascular homeostasis biomarkers increase during human pregnancy but are not affected by oily fish intake.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and serum inflammatory markers of cardiovascular disease.
Reliability and validity of the continence self-efficacy scale in Turkish women with urinary incontinence.
Analysis of serum and plasma identifies differences in molecular coverage, measurement variability, and candidate biomarker selection.
Expressing urine from a gel disposable diaper for biomonitoring using phthalates as an example.
Doppler velocimetry of the ophthalmic artery: reproducibility of blood flow velocity measurements.
Inverse relationship between fat intake and blood lead levels in the Korean adult population in the KNHANES 2007-2009.
Polymorphisms in the serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase 1 gene are associated with blood pressure and renin response to dietary salt intake.
Effect of dietary inclusion of salt substitutes "Obu-Otoyo" on some biochemical indices in rat.
Diet quality and social support: factors associated with serum carotenoid concentrations among older disabled women (the Women's Health and Aging Study).
Excretion profiles and half-lives of ten urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites after dietary exposure.
Assessment of consumption of marine food in Greenland by a food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers.
Detection of bacterial growth in blood components using oxygen consumption as a surrogate marker in a tertiary oncology setup.
Population variability of phthalate metabolites and bisphenol A concentrations in spot urine samples versus 24- or 48-h collections.
Polymorphisms in LEP and NPY genes modify the response to soluble fibre Plantago ovata husk intake on cardiovascular risk biomarkers.
Prediction of postprandial blood glucose under uncertainty and intra-patient variability in type 1 diabetes: a comparative study of three interval models.
Maternal exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate alters kidney development through the renin-angiotensin system in offspring.
Serum apolipoproteins in relation to intakes of fish in population of Arkhangelsk County.
Development and validation of sunlight exposure measurement questionnaire (SEM-Q) for use in adult population residing in Pakistan.
Debrominated, hydroxylated and methoxylated metabolism in maize (Zea mays L.) exposed to lesser polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs).
The validity and reliability of the Turkish version of short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire in patients with leukemia.
Plasma polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) levels of workers in a transformer recycling company, their family members, and employees of surrounding companies.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) in blood samples of occupationally exposed workers from a transformer recycling plant in Dortmund, Germany-initial findings.
Validation of the Swedish version of the incontinence impact questionnaire and the urogenital distress inventory.
Biological variability of plasma intact and C-terminal FGF23 measurements.
Association between erythrocyte concentrations of magnesium and zinc in high-performance handball players after dietary magnesium supplementation.
Determination of 1-hydroxypyrene in human urine by HPLC with electrochemical detection at a boron-doped diamond film electrode.
Relation between dietary fat intake type and serum fatty acid status in children with cystic fibrosis.
The association of dietary intake of purine-rich vegetables, sugar-sweetened beverages and dairy with plasma urate, in a cross-sectional study.
The effect of pre-analytical variability on the measurement of MRM-MS-based mid- to high-abundance plasma protein biomarkers and a panel of cytokines.
Are physical activity, smoking and alcohol consumption associated with lower urinary tract symptoms in men or women? Results from a population based observational study.
PCDD/PCDF, dl-PCB and PBDE serum levels of Slovak general population.
Thyroid endocrine dysregulation and erythrocyte DNA damage associated with PBDE exposure in juvenile crucian carp collected from an e-waste dismantling site in Zhejiang Province, China.
Association between sodium intake and change in uric acid, urine albumin excretion, and the risk of developing hypertension.
Association of VO2 and VCO2 rate variability with serum glucose, insulin, and glucose intolerance.
Relationship between whole-grain intake, chronic disease risk indicators, and weight status among adolescents in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1999-2004.
Predictors and variability of urinary paraben concentrations in men and women, including before and during pregnancy.
Clinical evaluation of the computerized chronic urticaria-specific quality of life questionnaire in Korean patients with chronic urticaria.
Prenatal exposure to butylbenzyl phthalate and early eczema in an urban cohort.
Relationship between prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and birth weight: a systematic analysis of published epidemiological studies through a standardization of biomonitoring data.
Dietary and animal-related factors associated with the rate of urinary oxalate and calcium excretion in dogs and cats.
Quality of life in patients with overactive bladder: validation and psychometric properties of the Spanish Overactive Bladder Questionnaire-short Form.
PCDD/F and PCB concentrations in sera from the Canadian Health Measures Survey (CHMS) from 2007 to 2009.
Effect of age and gender on the relationship between alcohol consumption and serum GGT: time to recalibrate goals for normal ranges.
Consumer product exposures associated with urinary phthalate levels in pregnant women.
Associations between serum levels of polybrominated diphenyl ether (PBDE) flame retardants and environmental and behavioral factors in pregnant women.
FLQAI - A Questionnaire on Quality of Life in Fecal Incontinence: German translation and validation of Rockwood et al.'s (2000) Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life Scale (FIQLS).
Reliability of cerebral blood volume maps as a substitute for diffusion-weighted imaging in acute ischemic stroke.
Serum PBDEs in a North Carolina toddler cohort: associations with handwipes, house dust, and socioeconomic variables.
Minute-to-minute urine flow rate variability: a new renal physiology variable.
Calorie restriction with a high-fat diet effectively attenuated inflammatory response and oxidative stress-related markers in obese tissues of the high diet fed rats.
Relationship between maternal sodium intake and blood lead concentration during pregnancy.
Assessing human exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) in a petrochemical region utilizing data from environmental biomonitors.
Effect of chitosan intake on fecal excretion of dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls in healthy men.
Trace metal concentrations of surface snow from Ingrid Christensen Coast, East Antarctica--spatial variability and possible anthropogenic contributions.
Exposure to brominated flame retardants, perfluorinated compounds, phthalates and phenols in European birth cohorts: ENRIECO evaluation, first human biomonitoring results, and recommendations.
Origins of intersubject variability of blood oxygenation level dependent and arterial spin labeling fMRI: implications for quantification of brain activity.
Identification of factors contributing to variability in a blood-based gene expression test.
A multi-day environmental study of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in a high-risk region for esophageal cancer in China.
Polytopic vector analysis of soil, dust, and serum samples to evaluate exposure sources of PCDD/Fs.
The framingham risk score, diet, and inflammatory markers in Korean men with metabolic syndrome.
Antioxidant characterization of soy derived products in vitro and the effect of a soy diet on peripheral markers of oxidative stress in a heart disease model.
Plasma levels of interleukin-6 and interleukin-18 after an acute physical exercise: relation with post-exercise energy intake in twins.
Lactational exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers and its relation to social and emotional development among toddlers.
Prenatal polychlorinated biphenyl exposure is associated with decreased gestational length but not birth weight: archived samples from the Child Health and Development Studies pregnancy cohort.
Exposure to a maternal n-3 fatty acid-deficient diet during brain development provokes excessive hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis responses to stress and behavioral indices of depression and anxiety in male rat offspring later in life.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers exposure in breast milk in Shanghai, China: levels, influencing factors and potential health risk for infants.
Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in maternal serum, umbilical cord serum, colostrum and mature breast milk. Insights from a pilot study and the literature.
Maternal diets with low healthy eating index or Mediterranean diet adherence scores are associated with high cord-blood insulin levels and insulin resistance markers at birth.
The influence of physicochemical properties on the internal dose of trihalomethanes in humans following a controlled showering exposure.
Dairy product intake in relation to glucose regulation indices and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Phthalate excretion pattern and testicular function: a study of 881 healthy Danish men.
Dietary folic acid intake differentially affects methionine metabolism markers and hippocampus morphology in aged rats.
Methyl mercury in nail clippings in relation to fish consumption analysis with gas chromatography coupled to inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry: a first orientation.
Reproductive hormone profile and pubertal development in 14-year-old boys prenatally exposed to polychlorinated biphenyls.
CD34 cell content in unrelated allogeneic peripheral blood stem cell grafts transported internationally. Does the inter-laboratory variability affect comparability of graft quality data?
Associations between apolipoprotein E genotype, diet, body mass index, and serum lipids in Lithuanian adult population.
Long-term tracking of plasma phospholipid fatty acid concentrations and their correlation with the dietary intake of marine foods in newly diagnosed diabetic patients: results from a follow-up of the HUNT Study, Norway.
Assessment of the levels of polybrominated diphenyl ethers in blood samples from Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
Impact of flaxseed intake upon metabolic syndrome indicators in female Wistar rats.
Intraindividual long term stability and response corridors of cytokines in healthy volunteers detected by a standardized whole-blood culture system for bed-side application.
Food and nutrient intakes and their associations with lower BMI in middle-aged US adults: the International Study of Macro-/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP).
Heart rate variability and plasma norepinephrine concentration in diabetic dogs at rest.
A Mediterranean diet enriched with olive oil is associated with higher serum total osteocalcin levels in elderly men at high cardiovascular risk.
Mycelial fungi completely remediate di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate, the hazardous plasticizer in PVC blood storage bag.
Effect of red wine consumption on biomarkers of oxidative stress.
Genome-wide linkage and positional association study of blood pressure response to dietary sodium intervention: the GenSalt Study.
Dietary D-glucarate effects on the biomarkers of inflammation during early post-initiation stages of benzo[a]pyrene-induced lung tumorigenesis in A/J mice.
Evaluation of a diet quality index based on the probability of adequate nutrient intake (PANDiet) using national French and US dietary surveys.
Evaluation of plant sterol intake estimated with the Northern Sweden FFQ.
Acidic fruit intake in relation to incidence and progression of urinary incontinence.
Plasma levels of dioxins, furans, non-ortho-PCBs, and TEQs in the Seveso population 17 years after the accident.
Comprehensive MRA of the lower limbs including high-resolution extended-phase infra-inguinal imaging with gadobenate dimeglumine: initial experience with inter-individual comparison to the blood-pool contrast agent gadofosveset trisodium.
Soy food intake and circulating levels of inflammatory markers in Chinese women.
Validation of brief questionnaire measures of sun exposure and skin pigmentation against detailed and objective measures including vitamin D status.
Validation of a dietary vitamin D questionnaire using multiple diet records and the block 98 health habits and history questionnaire in healthy postmenopausal women in northern California.
Effect of catechin/epicatechin dietary intake on endothelial dysfunction biomarkers and proinflammatory cytokines in aorta of hyperhomocysteinemic mice.
Occupational exposure to PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs of metallurgical workers in some industrial plants of the Brescia area, northern Italy.
Cadmium exposure and tobacco consumption: Biomarkers and risk assessment.
Tea and coffee consumption in relation to vitamin D and calcium levels in Saudi adolescents.
Lipopolysaccharide potentiates polychlorinated biphenyl-induced disruption of the blood-brain barrier via TLR4/IRF-3 signaling.
Mineral concentrations in hair of Belgian elementary school girls: reference values and relationship with food consumption frequencies.
Inhalation cancer risk associated with exposure to complex polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon mixtures in an electronic waste and urban area in South China.
Reliability and variability of sleep and activity as biomarkers of ageing in Drosophila.
Moderate alcohol intake lowers biochemical markers of bone turnover in postmenopausal women.
Children's urinary phthalate metabolites and fractional exhaled nitric oxide in an urban cohort.
The gut microbiome of kittens is affected by dietary protein:carbohydrate ratio and associated with blood metabolite and hormone concentrations.
Korea National Survey for Environmental Pollutants in the human body 2008: 1-hydroxypyrene, 2-naphthol, and cotinine in urine of the Korean population.
Burnt sugarcane harvesting: particulate matter exposure and the effects on lung function, oxidative stress, and urinary 1-hydroxypyrene.
Separating uncertainty and physiological variability in human PBPK modelling: The example of 2-propanol and its metabolite acetone.
Plasma alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain intake, are related to lower BMI in older adults.
Blood levels of PCDDs, PCDFs, and coplanar PCBs in Yusho mothers and their descendants: association with fetal Yusho disease.
Human exposure to lead, cadmium and mercury through fish and seafood product consumption in Italy: a pilot evaluation.
Kinetics of di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate in blood and of DEHP metabolites in urine of male volunteers after single ingestion of ring-deuterated DEHP.
Increased adipose tissue hypoxia and capacity for angiogenesis and inflammation in young diet-sensitive C57 mice compared with diet-resistant FVB mice.
Urine phthalate concentrations are higher in people with stroke: United States National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES), 2001-2004.
Association between vitamin B12 intake and EURRECA's prioritized biomarkers of vitamin B12 in young populations: a systematic review.
2,2',3,5',6-Pentachlorobiphenyl (PCB 95) and its hydroxylated metabolites are enantiomerically enriched in female mice.
Reproducibility of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d and vitamin D-binding protein levels over time in a prospective cohort study of black and white adults.
Blood pressure-lowering effect of dietary (-)-epicatechin administration in L-NAME-treated rats is associated with restored nitric oxide levels.
Di-(2-ethylhcxyl) phthalate reduces progesterone levels and induces apoptosis of ovarian granulosa cell in adult female ICR mice.
White adipose tissue apolipoprotein C-I secretion in relation to delayed plasma clearance of dietary fat in humans.
Intraindividual comparison of 123I-mIBG SPECT/MRI, 123I-mIBG SPECT/CT, and MRI for the detection of adrenal pheochromocytoma in patients with elevated urine or plasma catecholamines.
Association of dietary copper and zinc levels with hepatic copper and zinc concentration in Labrador Retrievers.
Intra- and inter-individual variability in urinary nicotine excretion and plasma cotinine in adult cigarette smokers.
Reliability of plasma fibroblast growth factor 23 as risk biomarker in epidemiological studies measured over a four-month period.
Dietary diversity score is a useful indicator of vitamin A status of adult women in Northern Kenya.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in children: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Dietary total antioxidant capacity is associated with diet and plasma antioxidant status in healthy young adults.
Polychlorinated biphenyls and their hydroxylated metabolites in wild fish from Wheatley Harbour Area of Concern, Ontario, Canada.
Autoinhibition of CYP3A4 leads to important role of CYP2C8 in imatinib metabolism: variability in CYP2C8 activity may alter plasma concentrations and response.
A genome-wide association study of monozygotic twin-pairs suggests a locus related to variability of serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Extraction and analysis of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and benzo[a]pyrene metabolites in microalgae cultures by off-line/on-line methodology based on matrix solid-phase dispersion, solid-phase extraction and high-performance liquid chromatography.
The adapted classification of male pattern hair loss improves reliability.
Analytical method for the sensitive determination of major di-(2-propylheptyl)-phthalate metabolites in human urine.
Determination of five di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate metabolites in urine by UPLC-MS/MS, markers of blood transfusion misuse in sports.
Non-monotonic dose effects of in utero exposure to di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) on testicular and serum testosterone and anogenital distance in male mouse fetuses.
1-Hydroxypyrene as a biomarker for assessing the effects of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons on semen quality and sperm DNA integrity.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in prospectively collected serum and Parkinson's disease risk.
A QC approach to the determination of day-to-day reproducibility and robustness of LC-MS methods for global metabolite profiling in metabonomics/metabolomics.
Natural iron isotopic composition of blood is an indicator of dietary iron absorption efficiency in humans.
Exposure to polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congeners measured shortly after giving birth and subsequent risk of maternal breast cancer before age 50.
Effects of serum calcium and magnesium on heart rate variability in adult women.
Repeatability of and relationship between potential COPD biomarkers in bronchoalveolar lavage, bronchial biopsies, serum, and induced sputum.
Increasing blood glucose variability is a precursor of sepsis and mortality in burned patients.
Prevalence of low chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin/dibenzofurans in human serum.
Effects of combined dietary chromium(III) propionate complex and thiamine supplementation on insulin sensitivity, blood biochemical indices, and mineral levels in high-fructose-fed rats.
Dietary intake and biological measurement of folate: a qualitative review of validation studies.
High N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels are associated with reduced heart rate variability in acute myocardial infarction.
Synthesis and characterization of bromophenol glucuronide and sulfate conjugates for their direct LC-MS/MS quantification in human urine as potential exposure markers for polybrominated diphenyl ethers.
Regular exercise and a healthy dietary pattern are associated with lower resting blood pressure in non-obese adolescents: a population-based study.
Evaluation of a public health intervention to lower mercury exposure from fish consumption in Bermuda.
Agrimonia eupatoria tea consumption in relation to markers of inflammation, oxidative status and lipid metabolism in healthy subjects.
Determination of Di-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) metabolites in human hair using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Solid-phase extraction, sample stacking and capillary zone electrophoresis for the analysis of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites.
Modeling Human Exposure to Phthalate Esters: A Comparison of Indirect and Biomonitoring Estimation Methods.
Assessment of adult human exposure to phthalate esters in the urban centre of Paris (France).
Associations of dietary indices with biomarkers of dietary exposure and cardiovascular status among adolescents in Germany.
Relationship between dietary phytoestrogens and development of urinary incontinence in midlife women.
Significant variation in the concentration of carcinogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in yerba mat samples by brand, batch, and processing method.
Multiple indicators of poor diet quality in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes are associated with higher body mass index percentile but not glycemic control.
Isothiocyanate concentrations and interconversion of sulforaphane to erucin in human subjects after consumption of commercial frozen broccoli compared to fresh broccoli.
Reliability of the pattern hair loss classifications: a comparison of the basic and specific and Norwood-Hamilton classifications.
Dietary total antioxidant capacity from different assays in relation to serum C-reactive protein among young Japanese women.
Clopidogrel variability: role of plasma protein binding alterations.
Consumption of tomato products is associated with lower blood mercury levels in Inuit preschool children.
Dietary protein and beef consumption predict for markers of muscle mass and nutrition status in older adults.
Construct validation of patient global impression of severity (PGI-S) and improvement (PGI-I) questionnaires in the treatment of men with lower urinary tract symptoms secondary to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in placentas from the Spanish INMA birth cohort study.
Association between use of specialty dietary supplements and C-reactive protein concentrations.
Exposure to heavy metals and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and DNA damage in taiwanese traffic conductors.
Interindividual variability and co-regulation of DNA methylation differ among blood cell populations.
Plasma ghrelin is positively associated with body fat, liver fat and milk fat content but not with feed intake of dairy cows after parturition.
Association between heart rate variability and systemic endothelin-1 concentration in normal-tension glaucoma.
Menin liver-specific hemizygous mice challenged with high fat diet show increased weight gain and markers of metabolic impairment.
Association of coffee consumption with serum adiponectin, leptin, inflammation and metabolic markers in Japanese workers: a cross-sectional study.
Estimates of daily di-isodecyl phthalate (DIDP) intake calculated from urinary biomonitoring data.
Analysis of heart rate variability and skin blood flow oscillations under deep controlled breathing.
Effect of different exercise modalities plus a hypocaloric diet on inflammation markers in overweight patients: a randomised trial.
Development and psychometric validation of the intermittent self-catheterization questionnaire.
Evaluation of Web-based Dietary Assessment Software for Children: comparing reported fruit, juice and vegetable intakes with plasma carotenoid concentration and school lunch observations.
Vitamin D status in North Greenland is influenced by diet and season: indicators of dermal 25-hydroxy vitamin D production north of the Arctic Circle.
Human and methodological sources of variability in the measurement of urinary 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine.
A comprehensive FFQ developed for use in New Zealand adults: reliability and validity for nutrient intakes.
Evaluation of timing and dosage of a parent-based intervention to minimize college students' alcohol consumption.
Fish intake and breastfeeding time are associated with serum concentrations of organochlorines in a Swedish population.
Biliary PAH metabolites, EROD activity and DNA damage in dab (Limanda limanda) from Seine Estuary (France).
Effects of probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp. shermanii JS supplementation on intestinal and systemic markers of inflammation in ApoE*3Leiden mice consuming a high-fat diet.
Human elimination of phthalate compounds: blood, urine, and sweat (BUS) study.
Pharmacogenetics and beyond: variability of voriconazole plasma levels in a patient with primary immunodeficiency.
Dietary zinc intake and kidney stone formation: evaluation of NHANES III.
Grape consumption increases anti-inflammatory markers and upregulates peripheral nitric oxide synthase in the absence of dyslipidemias in men with metabolic syndrome.
Association between the rs6950982 polymorphism near the SERPINE1 gene and blood pressure and lipid parameters in a high-cardiovascular-risk population: interaction with Mediterranean diet.
Evaluation of glutathione S-transferase activity as a biomarker of PAH pollution in mudskipper, Boleophthalmus dussumieri, Persian Gulf.
Serum and adipose tissue fatty acid composition as biomarkers of habitual dietary fat intake in elderly men with chronic kidney disease.
Subjective evaluation of the frequency of salty food intake and its relationship to urinary sodium excretion and blood pressure in a middle-aged population.
Temporal variability in urinary phthalate metabolite excretion based on spot, morning, and 24-h urine samples: considerations for epidemiological studies.
Validity and reliability of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence Short Form and its correlation with urodynamic findings.
Serum metabolic variables associated with impaired glucose tolerance induced by high-fat-high-cholesterol diet in Macaca mulatta.
Changes in nitrosative stress biomarkers in swine intestine following dietary intervention with verbascoside.
Relationship between mercury levels in hair and fish consumption in a population living near a hydroelectric tropical dam.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in adults: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis by the EURRECA Network.
Additional benefit in CVD risk indices derived from the consumption of fortified milk when combined with a lifestyle intervention.
Response to dietary L-glutamine supplementation in weaned piglets: a serum metabolomic comparison and hepatic metabolic regulation analysis.
Liver lipid content and inflammometabolic indices in peripartal dairy cows are altered in response to prepartal energy intake and postpartal intramammary inflammatory challenge.
Contribution of putative genetic factors and candidate gene variants to inter-individual variation of circulating fractalkine (CX3CL1) levels in a large UK twins' sample.
Intra-subject variability of snoring sounds in relation to body position, sleep stage, and blood oxygen level.
Data-driven strategy for the discovery of potential urinary biomarkers of habitual dietary exposure.
Urinary metabolite concentrations of phthalate metabolites in Central Italy healthy volunteers determined by a validated HPLC/MS/MS analytical method.
Improvement in insulin resistance and favourable changes in plasma inflammatory adipokines after weight loss associated with two months' consumption of a combination of bioactive food ingredients in overweight subjects.
Effect of metformin compared with hypocaloric diet on serum C-reactive protein level and insulin resistance in obese and overweight women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Response of plasma fatty acid profiles to changes in dietary n-3 fatty acids and its correlation with erythrocyte fatty acid profiles in dogs.
Validation of use of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence-Short Form (ICIQ-UI-SF) for impairment rating: a transversal retrospective study of 120 patients.
A genome-wide assessment of variability in human serum metabolism.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure and pediatric asthma in children: a case-control study.
Development of a food compositional database for the estimation of dietary intake of phyto-oestrogens in a group of postmenopausal women previously treated for breast cancer and validation with urinary excretion.
Opium consumption is negatively associated with serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA), free PSA, and percentage of free PSA levels.
Association between dietary phylloquinone intake and peripheral metabolic risk markers related to insulin resistance and diabetes in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
Serum prealbumin: an independent marker of short-term energy intake in the presence of multiple-organ disease involvement.
Serum uric acid is associated with dietary and lifestyle factors in elderly women in suburban Guangzhou in Guangdong province of south China.
Epigenetic markers of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in Mexican brickmakers: a pilot study.
Using estradiol and progesterone concentrations to assess individual variability in the reproductive cyclicity of captive female little skates, Leucoraja erinacea, from the western Gulf of Maine.
Isoflavone metabolism in domestic cats (Felis catus): comparison of plasma metabolites detected after ingestion of two different dietary forms of genistein and daidzein.
Trimethylamine-N-oxide, a metabolite associated with atherosclerosis, exhibits complex genetic and dietary regulation.
Measuring the TREC ratio in dried blood spot samples: intra- and inter-filter paper cards reproducibility.
Biomonitoring of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in pregnant women in Trujillo, Peru--comparison of different fuel types used for cooking.
Brief maternal exposure of rats to the xenobiotics dibutyl phthalate or diethylstilbestrol alters adult-type Leydig cell development in male offspring.
South Asians have elevated postexercise blood pressure and myocardial oxygen consumption compared to Europeans despite equivalent resting pressure.
Polychlorinated biphenyls in serum, liver and adipose tissue of subjects with hepatocellular carcinoma living in a highly polluted area.
Medications as a potential source of exposure to phthalates among women of childbearing age.
Concentration-dependent half-lives of polychlorinated biphenyl in sera from an occupational cohort.
Dietary advanced glycation end products restriction diminishes inflammation markers and oxidative stress in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Inhibin B in plasma samples from male volunteer panel selected for health but not fertility: sources of variability.
Habitually higher dietary glycemic index during puberty is prospectively related to increased risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood.
Plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in chronic heart failure in the GISSI-Heart Failure Trial: relation with fish intake, circulating biomarkers, and mortality.
Serum and dietary antioxidant status is associated with lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in a study in Shanghai, China.
Dietary anhydrous milk fat naturally enriched with conjugated linoleic acid and vaccenic acid modify cardiovascular risk biomarkers in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
11 Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 and dietary acid load are independently associated with blood pressure in healthy children and adolescents.
Levels, distribution, and health risks of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in four freshwater edible fish species from the Beijing market.
Reproducibility and levels of blood lactate transition thresholds in persons with metabolic syndrome.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in women from Poland, Serbia and Italy--relation between PAH metabolite excretion, DNA damage, diet and genotype (the EU DIEPHY project).
Time-of-day of energy intake: association with hypertension and blood pressure 10 years later in the 1946 British Birth Cohort.
Gestational diabetes is associated with high energy and saturated fat intakes and with low plasma visfatin and adiponectin levels independent of prepregnancy BMI.
Long-term reproducibility of plasma alkylresorcinols as biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake within Northern Sweden Health and Disease Study Cohort.
Positive correlation between serum taurine and adiponectin levels in high-fat diet-induced obesity rats.
Exposure assessment of phthalates in French pregnant women: results of the ELFE pilot study.
Antiandrogenic effect of perinatal exposure to the endocrine disruptor di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate increases anxiety-like behavior in male rats during sexual maturation.
Repeatability of popliteal blood flow and lower limb vascular conductance at rest and exercise during body tilt using Doppler ultrasound.
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP)-DNA adducts in benign prostate and subsequent risk for prostate cancer.
Plasma stearoyl-CoA desaturase indices: association with lifestyle, diet, and body composition.
Concentrations and profiles of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites (OH-PAHs) in several Asian countries.
Dietary calcium intake is associated with adiposity, metabolic profile, inflammatory state and blood pressure, but not with erythrocyte intracellular calcium and endothelial function in healthy pre-menopausal women.
Green tea intake is associated with urinary estrogen profiles in Japanese-American women.
Indices of fatty acid desaturase activity in healthy human subjects: effects of different types of dietary fat.
Biomonitoring of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites of mother and child pairs in South Korea.
Levels of PAH-DNA adducts in placental tissue and the risk of fetal neural tube defects in a Chinese population.
Levels and distribution of methoxylated and hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in plant and soil samples surrounding a seafood processing factory and a seafood market.
A study of the association between serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase and serum phosphorus concentration or dietary phosphorus intake.
Reproducibility and validity of a food frequency questionnaire among pregnant women in a Mediterranean area.
Mass spectrometry-based metabolomics for the discovery of biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake: citrus fruit as a case study.
Intersubject variability of blood analysis reference values: assessment of age and locality influence by means of a linear discriminant analysis model.
Phthalate exposure and children's health.
Variability of microcirculation detected by blood pulsation imaging.
Is the association between salt intake and blood pressure mediated by body mass index and central adiposity?
Inverse age-dependent accumulation of decabromodiphenyl ether and other PBDEs in serum from a general adult population.
Urinary phthalate metabolites are associated with body mass index and waist circumference in Chinese school children.
Unexpected results in a randomized dietary trial to reduce phthalate and bisphenol A exposures.
Pansteatitis associated with high levels of polychlorinated biphenyls in a wild loggerhead sea turtle Caretta caretta.
Multisoftware reproducibility study of stress and rest myocardial blood flow assessed with 3D dynamic PET/CT and a 1-tissue-compartment model of 82Rb kinetics.
Dietary and lifestyle factors and medical conditions associated with urinary citrate excretion.
PCBs and OH-PCBs in serum from children and mothers in urban and rural U.S. communities.
Identification of biomarkers for intake of protein from meat, dairy products and grains: a controlled dietary intervention study.
Determination of dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls in 1 mL whole blood using programmable temperature vaporization large volume injection coupled to gas chromatogram and high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Associations among blood pressure, salt consumption and body weight status of students from south-western Ontario.
High intake of dietary long-chain -3 fatty acids is associated with lower blood pressure in children born with low birth weight: NHANES 2003-2008.
Use of polyetheretherketone as a material for solid phase extraction of hydroxylated metabolites of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in human urine.
Urinary metabolites of organophosphate flame retardants: temporal variability and correlations with house dust concentrations.
Validation of an Arabic version of the global Pelvic Floor Bother Questionnaire.
Estimation of age- and sex-specific background human serum concentrations of PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in the UMDES and NHANES populations.
Reliability on intra-laboratory and inter-laboratory data of hair mineral analysis comparing with blood analysis.
Distribution, variability, and predictors of urinary concentrations of phenols and parabens among pregnant women in Puerto Rico.
Platelet oxygen consumption as a peripheral blood marker of brain energetics in a mouse model of severe neurotoxicity.
The influence of a thyroxine supplemented diet on selected hepatic redox equilibrium markers, liver morphology and the serum lipid profile in rats treated with doxorubicin.
Intravenous laser blood irradiation, interstitial laser acupuncture, and electroacupuncture in an animal experimental setting: preliminary results from heart rate variability and electrocorticographic recordings.
Socioeconomic status is significantly associated with dietary salt intakes and blood pressure in Japanese workers (J-HOPE Study).
Evaluation of dietary arsenic exposure and its biomarkers: a case study of West Bengal, India.
Assessing exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) for workers in the vicinity of a large recycling facility.
Levels of tetrabromobisphenol A, hexabromocyclododecanes and polybrominated diphenyl ethers in human milk from the general population in Beijing, China.
Levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, polychlorinated dibenzofurans and polychlorinated biphenyls in human milk from different regions of France.
Association between exposure to dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls and miR-191 expression in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
EROD activity induction in peripheral blood lymphocytes, liver and brain tissues of rats orally exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Validity of a diet history questionnaire estimating -carotene, vitamin C and -tocopherol intakes in Japanese pregnant women.
Hydroxylated polybrominated diphenyl ethers in paired maternal and cord sera.
A multicomponent lifestyle intervention produces favourable changes in diet quality and cardiometabolic risk indices in hypercholesterolaemic adults.
Reference range for intrapatient variability in blood-pool and liver SUV for 18F-FDG PET.
The macrophage-specific serum marker, soluble CD163, is increased in obesity and reduced after dietary-induced weight loss.
Validation study of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire for lower urinary tract symptoms.
Self-report of fruit and vegetable intake that meets the 5 a day recommendation is associated with reduced levels of oxidative stress biomarkers and increased levels of antioxidant defense in premenopausal women.
Muscle oxygenation and blood volume reliability during continuous and intermittent running.
Lead, mercury, and cadmium in blood and their relation to diet among Swedish adults.
NS3 genetic variability in HCV genotype-1b isolates from liver specimens and blood samples of treatment-naive patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Determinants and within-person variability of urinary cadmium concentrations among women in northern California.
Prenatal exposure to a polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) congener influences fixation duration on biological motion at 4-months-old: a preliminary study.
Dietary fat quality in regular fat diets has minor effects on biomarkers of inflammation in obese Zucker rats.
Comparison of blood monocytes and adipose tissue macrophages in a mouse model diet-induced weight gain.
Seven dietary minerals (Ca, P, Mg, Fe, Zn, Cu, and Mn) and their relationship with blood pressure and blood lipids in healthy adults with self-selected diet.
Dietary fat content and fiber type modulate hind gut microbial community and metabolic markers in the pig.
Validity of the Willett food frequency questionnaire in assessing the iron intake of French-Canadian pregnant women.
Applicability of food composition tables as a tool to estimate mineral and trace element intake of pre-school children in Japan: a validation study.
Dynamic model for the tissue concentration and oxygen saturation of hemoglobin in relation to blood volume, flow velocity, and oxygen consumption: Implications for functional neuroimaging and coherent hemodynamics spectroscopy (CHS).
Improving the reliability of human serum albumin-thiol group determination.
Urinary levels of N-acetyl-S-(2-carbamoylethyl)-cysteine (AAMA), an acrylamide metabolite, in Korean children and their association with food consumption.
Metabolomic profiling of in vivo plasma responses to dioxin-associated dietary contaminant exposure in rats: implications for identification of sources of animal and human exposure.
Effect of the level of maternal energy intake prepartum on immunometabolic markers, polymorphonuclear leukocyte function, and neutrophil gene network expression in neonatal Holstein heifer calves.
Relationships between serum and colon concentrations of carotenoids and fatty acids in randomized dietary intervention trial.
The CDC's Second National Report on Biochemical Indicators of Diet and Nutrition in the U.S. Population is a valuable tool for researchers and policy makers.
Selected physiologic variables are weakly to moderately associated with 29 biomarkers of diet and nutrition, NHANES 2003-2006.
Field confirmation of modified pressurized solvent extraction vessels for the analysis of polychlorinated biphenyl congeners in blood samples from Great Lakes Mallards (Anas platyrhynchos).
Habitual coffee consumption inversely associated with metabolic syndrome-related biomarkers involving adiponectin.
Circadian variation and responsiveness of hydration biomarkers to changes in daily water intake.
A cross-sectional analysis of the relationship between daily alcohol consumption and serum adiponectin levels among adults aged 40 years or more in a rural area of Korea.
Interindividual variation in the proteome of human peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
A whole-grain-rich diet reduces urinary excretion of markers of protein catabolism and gut microbiota metabolism in healthy men after one week.
The carbon isotope ratio of alanine in red blood cells is a new candidate biomarker of sugar-sweetened beverage intake.
Developmental effects of perinatal exposure to PBDE and PCB on gene expression in sexually dimorphic rat brain regions and female sexual behavior.
Variability of ffDNA in maternal plasma does not prevent correct classification of trisomy 21 using MeDIP-qPCR methodology.
DNA methylation variations at CETP and LPL gene promoter loci: new molecular biomarkers associated with blood lipid profile variability.
PCDD/Fs in plasma of individuals living near a hazardous waste incinerator. A comparison of measured levels and estimated concentrations by PBPK modeling.
Unravelling the basis of variability in cobalamin levels in the general population.
Dietary exposure biomarker-lead discovery based on metabolomics analysis of urine samples.
Diet spanning infancy and toddlerhood is associated with child blood pressure at age 7.5 y.
Genetic and environmental influences of daily and intra-individual variation in testosterone levels in middle-aged men.
Vascular endothelial growth factor in the CSF of elderly patients with ventriculomegaly: variability, periodicity and levels in drainage responders and non-responders.
Exposure to phthalic acid, phthalate diesters and phthalate monoesters from foodstuffs: UK total diet study results.
Hazardous alcohol consumption is associated with increased levels of B-type natriuretic peptide: evidence from two population-based studies.
Serum alpha1-proteinase inhibitor concentrations in healthy dogs--method validation and determination of reference interval and intra-individual variation.
Consumption of yogurts fortified in vitamin D and calcium reduces serum parathyroid hormone and markers of bone resorption: a double-blind randomized controlled trial in institutionalized elderly women.
Reliability of the estimation of total hepatic blood flow by Doppler ultrasound in patients with cirrhotic portal hypertension.
Factors relating to eating style, social desirability, body image and eating meals at home increase the precision of calibration equations correcting self-report measures of diet using recovery biomarkers: findings from the Women's Health Initiative.
Plasma mercury levels in Hong Kong residents: in relation to fish consumption.
Variability in the blood/breath alcohol ratio and implications for evidentiary purposes.
Comparative performance of biomarkers of alcohol consumption in a population sample of working-aged men in Russia: the Izhevsk Family Study.
Relation between urinary hydration biomarkers and total fluid intake in healthy adults.
The relationship between dietary fatty acids and inflammatory genes on the obese phenotype and serum lipids.
Segmental reproducibility of retinal blood flow velocity measurements using retinal function imager.
Development and validation of a food frequency questionnaire to estimate the intake of genistein in Malaysia.
Associations between access to farmers' markets and supermarkets, shopping patterns, fruit and vegetable consumption and health indicators among women of reproductive age in eastern North Carolina, U.S.A.
Associations between dietary patterns and kidney function indicators in type 2 diabetes.
Simultaneous determination of polybrominated diphenyl ethers and polychlorinated biphenyls by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in human serum and plasma.
Variability of urinary excretion of pyrethroid metabolites in seven persons over seven consecutive days--implications for observational studies.
Genetic variability related to serum uric acid concentration and risk of Parkinson's disease.
Expression variability of absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion-related microRNAs in human liver: influence of nongenetic factors and association with gene expression.
DNA hypomethylation of inflammation-associated genes in adipose tissue of female mice after multigenerational high fat diet feeding.
Dietary glycemic index during pregnancy is associated with biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome in offspring at age 20 years.
Exclusive prenatal exposure to a 16 PAH mixture does not impact anxiety-related behaviours and regional brain metabolism in adult male rats: a role for the period of exposure in the modulation of PAH neurotoxicity.
The relationship between maternal serum iron and zinc levels and their nutritional intakes in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes.
Dose-response relationships of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons exposure and oxidative damage to DNA and lipid in coke oven workers.
High variability in baseline urinary free cortisol values in patients with Cushing's disease.
Characterization of the DNA methylome and its interindividual variation in human peripheral blood monocytes.
Monitoring population levels of alcohol consumption in pregnant women: a case for using biomarkers.
A comparison of the impact of amaranth flour and squalene on plasma cholesterol in mice with diet-induced dyslipidemia.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: determinants of urinary 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentration and risk of colorectal cancer in the Shanghai Women's Health Study.
Changes in the concentrations of biochemical indicators of diet and nutritional status of pregnant women across pregnancy trimesters in Trujillo, Peru, 2004-2005.
The dose of hazelnuts influences acceptance and diet quality but not inflammatory markers and body composition in overweight and obese individuals.
Intake and blood concentrations of folate and their association with health-related behaviors in Korean college students.
Vegetarian diet-induced increase in linoleic acid in serum phospholipids is associated with improved insulin sensitivity in subjects with type 2 diabetes.
A comparison of three empirically based, spatially explicit predictive models of residential soil Pb concentrations in Baltimore, Maryland, USA: understanding the variability within cities.
Translation and psychometric evaluation of the Greek short forms of two condition-specific quality of life questionnaires for women with pelvic floor disorders: PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7.
Impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men and women.
Clinical utility and reproducibility of visceral adipose tissue measurements derived from dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in White and African American adults.
TNF-alpha promoter methylation in peripheral white blood cells: relationship with circulating TNF, truncal fat and n-6 PUFA intake in young women.
Associations of IGF-1 gene variants and milk protein intake with IGF-I concentrations in infants at age 6 months - results from a randomized clinical trial.
Paternal aging and associated intraindividual alterations of global sperm 5-methylcytosine and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine levels.
Association of a reduction in central obesity and phosphorus intake with changes in urinary albumin excretion: the PREMIER study.
Reproducibility of functional network metrics and network structure: a comparison of task-related BOLD, resting ASL with BOLD contrast, and resting cerebral blood flow.
Transcriptional impact of dietary methionine restriction on systemic inflammation: relevance to biomarkers of metabolic disease during aging.
A review on structure-affinity relationship of dietary flavonoids with serum albumins.
Is meconium useful to predict fetal exposure to organochlorines and hydroxylated PCBs?
Rapid and simultaneous determination of polychlorinated biphenyls and their main metabolites (hydroxylated and methyl sulfonyl) by gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry: comparison of different ionisation modes.
Variability and trend of multiple blood lead measures among construction and manufacturing workers.
Effects of Sex on Intra-Individual Variance in Urinary Solutes in Stone-Formers Collected from a Single Clinical Laboratory.
Plasma concentrations of organohalogenated pollutants in predatory bird nestlings: associations to growth rate and dietary tracers.
Impact of blood glucose variability on carotid artery intima media thickness and distensibility in type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Variability in oxidative stress biomarkers following a maximal exercise test.
Dietary pattern analysis and biomarkers of low-grade inflammation: a systematic literature review.
Diet, iron biomarkers and oxidative stress in a representative sample of Mediterranean population.
Essential and toxic element concentrations in blood and urine and their associations with diet: results from a Norwegian population study including high-consumers of seafood and game.
Beef authentication using dietary markers: chemometric selection and modelling of significant beef biomarkers using concatenated data from multiple analytical methods.
Validity and reliability of an ultrasound system for estimating adipose tissue.
Psychometric validation of the Italian version of the I-QoL questionnaire: clinical and urodynamic findings.
Influence of bag volume on reproducibility of inert gas rebreathing pulmonary blood flow measurements in patients with pulmonary diseases.
Urinary 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: biological monitoring strategies and methodology for determining biological exposure indices for various work environments.
Evidence of enhanced serum amino acid profile but not appetite suppression by dietary glycomacropeptide (GMP): a comparison of dairy whey proteins.
Urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene as a biomarker of exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons from different sources.
DNA adducts as a biomarker of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon exposure in aquatic organisms: relationship to carcinogenicity.
Variability of raltegravir plasma levels in the clinical setting.
Validity of food frequency questionnaire-based estimates of long-term long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake.
Assessment of occupational exposure to PAHs in an Estonian coke oven plant- correlation of total external exposure to internal dose measured as 1-hydroxypyrene concentration.
Benzo(a)pyrene diolepoxide adducts to albumin in workers exposed to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: association with specific CYP1A1, GSTM1, GSTP1 and EHPX genotypes.
High urine 1-hydroxypyrene glucuronide concentrations in Linxian, China, an area of high risk for squamous oesophageal cancer.
Cultural adaptation and validation of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory short form (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire short form (PFIQ-7) Spanish versions.
Biological monitoring of polychlorinated biphenyls in plasma a comparison of enzyme linked immunosorbent assay and gas chromatography detection methods.
Influence of GSTM1 and NAT2 genotypes on the relationship between personal exposure to PAH and biomarkers of internal dose.
LC-MS/MS quantification of N-acetylneuraminic acid, N-glycolylneuraminic acid and ketodeoxynonulosonic acid levels in the urine and potential relationship with dietary sialic acid intake and disease in 3- to 5-year-old children.
A preliminary study of a Peruvian diet using dietary analysis and hair mineral content as indicators.
Modifying influence of dietary sugar in the relationship between cortisol and visceral adipose tissue in minority youth.
Dietary sodium restriction and association with urinary marinobufagenin, blood pressure, and aortic stiffness.
Temporal variability in urinary excretion of bisphenol A and seven other phenols in spot, morning, and 24-h urine samples.
Serum concentrations of perfluorinated alkyl acids and their associations with diet and personal characteristics among Swedish adults.
The Diabetes Self-Management Questionnaire (DSMQ): development and evaluation of an instrument to assess diabetes self-care activities associated with glycaemic control.
Does subjective evaluation of the frequency of salty food intake predict the risk of incident hypertension? A 4-year follow-up study in a middle-aged population.
Prenatal exposure to environmental phenols: concentrations in amniotic fluid and variability in urinary concentrations during pregnancy.
Reproducibility of positive results for the detection of serum galactomannan by Platelia aspergillus EIA.
Assessing patients' perceived bother from the gastrointestinal side effects of radiotherapy for localized prostate cancer: initial questionnaire development and validation.
Day-to-day variability in spot urine albumin-creatinine ratio.
Disruption of reproductive development in male rat offspring following gestational and lactational exposure to di-(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate and genistein.
Low calcium intake is associated with high plasma homocysteine levels in postmenopausal women.
Blood pressure in relation to interactions between sodium dietary intake and renal handling.
Associations among dietary zinc intakes and biomarkers of zinc status before and after a zinc supplementation program in Guatemalan schoolchildren.
Impact of blood volume, tube shaking, and incubation time on reproducibility of QuantiFERON-TB gold in-tube assay.
Enhancement of ovarian tumor classification by improved reproducibility in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry of serum glycans.
The effect of different dietary levels of vitamin E and selenium on antioxidant status and immunological markers in serum of laying hens.
High interpatient variability of raltegravir CSF concentrations in HIV-positive patients: a pharmacogenetic analysis.
Animal source food intake and association with blood cholesterol, glycerophospholipids and sphingolipids in a northern Swedish population.
The molecular etiology and prevention of estrogen-initiated cancers: Ockham's Razor: Pluralitas non est ponenda sine necessitate. Plurality should not be posited without necessity.
The effects of dietary weight loss on indices of norepinephrine turnover: modulatory influence of hyperinsulinemia.
Repeatability and sensitivity of high resolution blood volume mapping in mouse kidney disease.
Serum adiponectin concentration in relation to macronutrient and food intake in young Japanese women.
Intakes of PUFAs were inversely associated with plasma C-reactive protein 12 years later in a middle-aged population with vitamin E intake as an effect modifier.
Glycemic variability in normal glucose regulation subjects with elevated 1-h postload plasma glucose levels.
The Spanish linguistic validation of the ureteral stent symptom questionnaire.
Assessing U.S. sodium intake through dietary data and urine biomarkers.
Preferential impact of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A deficiency on visceral fat in mice on high-fat diet.
Pre-analytical-related variability influencing serum peptide profiles demonstrated in a mass spectrometry-based search for colorectal and prostate cancer biomarkers.
Dietary folate intake and blood biomarkers reveal high-risk groups in a Mediterranean population of healthy women of childbearing potential.
Reproducibility of laser ablation-inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (LA-ICP-MS) measurements in mussel shells and comparison with micro-drill sampling and solution ICP-MS.
Inter-rater and intra-rater reliability of cerebral blood flow measures obtained using the Brain Acoustic Monitor.
The relationship between dietary vitamin A intake and the levels of sialic acid in the breast milk of lactating women.
Variability of the IS revealed ionization enhancement by bile acid in mouse plasma.
The role of physical activity and diet on bone mineral indices in young men: a cross-sectional study.
Relationships between alcohol intake and atherogenic indices in women.
Validation of a short, qualitative food frequency questionnaire in French adults participating in the MONA LISA-NUT study 2005-2007.
Heredity and lifestyle in the determination of between-subject variation in thyroid hormone levels in euthyroid men.
Monosodium glutamate (MSG) consumption is associated with urolithiasis and urinary tract obstruction in rats.
Fasting-induced increase in plasma ghrelin is blunted by intravenous alcohol administration: a within-subject placebo-controlled study.
Association between dietary folate intake and serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels in healthy old women.
Carbohydrate supplements and their effects on pasture dry matter intake, feeding behavior, and blood factors associated with intake regulation.
Anthropometric indices and selenium status in British adults: the U.K. National Diet and Nutrition Survey.
Development of a liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry method to investigate the presence of biomarkers of DNA damage in urine related to red meat consumption and risk of colorectal cancer.
Inflammatory status modulates plasma lipid and inflammatory marker responses to kiwifruit consumption in hypercholesterolaemic men.
The relationship between nut consumption and blood pressure in an Iranian adult population: Isfahan Healthy Heart Program.
Dietary and urinary metabonomic factors possibly accounting for higher blood pressure of black compared with white Americans: results of International Collaborative Study on macro-/micronutrients and blood pressure.
Association between alcohol consumption and plasma fetuin-A and its contribution to incident type 2 diabetes in women.
Validation of the Spanish version of Ureteral Stent Symptom Questionnaire: prevalence of symptoms in a tertiary care center in Mexico.
Early elevation of albumin excretion rate is associated with poor gluten-free diet adherence in young people with coeliac disease and diabetes.
The addition of whole soy flour to cafeteria diet reduces metabolic risk markers in wistar rats.
Comparison between two portable hemoglobinometers and a reference method to verify the reliability of screening in blood donors.
Comparisons of spot vs 24-h urine samples for estimating population salt intake: validation study in two independent samples of adults in Britain and Italy.
Hypocaloric diet supplemented with probiotic cheese improves body mass index and blood pressure indices of obese hypertensive patients--a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study.
Cord blood serum-based eye drops: the impact of donor haematological and obstetric factors on the variability of epidermal growth factor levels.
The association of alcohol intake with -glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels: evidence for correlated genetic effects.
Evaluation of health care workers' knowledge and functioning of blood centres in north India: a questionnaire based survey.
Association between usual sodium and potassium intake and blood pressure and hypertension among U.S. adults: NHANES 2005-2010.
Validation of the bladder control self-assessment questionnaire (B-SAQ) in men.
Dietary zinc intake is inversely associated with systolic blood pressure in young obese women.
Dietary practices in isolated First Nations communities of northern Canada: combined isotopic and lipid markers provide a good qualitative assessment of store-bought vs locally harvested foods consumption.
Experimental evaluation of the impact of maternal consumption of aqueous leaf extract of Hybanthus enneaspermus on pregnancy in Sprague Dawley rats.
Urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations among pregnant women in Northern Puerto Rico: distribution, temporal variability, and predictors.
Pharmacokinetic variability of flecainide in younger Japanese patients and mechanisms for renal excretion and intestinal absorption.
Monitoring of ovarian activity by daily measurement of urinary excretion rates of oestrone glucuronide and pregnanediol glucuronide using the Ovarian Monitor, Part III: variability of normal menstrual cycle profiles.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction improves insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, microvascular function, and cellular adhesion markers in individuals taking statins.
The rapid identification and quantification of iso--acids and reduced iso--acids in blood using UHPLC-MS/MS: validation of a novel marker for beer consumption.
Mercury in scalp hair near the Mid-Atlantic Ridge (MAR) in relation to high fish consumption.
Biomarkers of arsenic exposure and effects in a Canadian rural population exposed through groundwater consumption.
Association of 24-h urinary salt excretion with central haemodynamics and assessment of food categories contributing to salt consumption in Portuguese patients with hypertension.
Use of food frequency questionnaire to assess relationships between dietary habits and cardiovascular risk factors in NESCAV study: validation with biomarkers.
Sex-specific effects of high fat diet on indices of metabolic syndrome in 3xTg-AD mice: implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Variability of platelet-rich plasma preparations.
Low energy tandem mass spectrometry of deoxynucleoside adducts of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon dihydrodiol-epoxides.
Tandem mass spectrometry study of C-phenyl-N-tert-butyl nitrone spin adducts from in vitro rat liver microsomal metabolism of bromotrichloromethane and carbon tetrachloride.
Biomarker-calibrated protein intake and physical function in the Women's Health Initiative.
Characteristics of high energy collision-induced dissociation tandem Mass Spectra of Polycyclic aromatic Hydrocarbon diolepoxide adducted peptides.
Estimated daily intake and hazard quotients and indices of phthtalate diesters for young danish men.
Dietary pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) alters indicators of inflammation and mitochondrial-related metabolism in human subjects.
Increased dairy consumption differentially improves metabolic syndrome markers in male and female adults.
Dark blood versus bright blood T2 acquisition in cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) for thalassaemia major (TM) patients: evaluation of feasibility, reproducibility and image quality.
Synthesis of 
Three-year variability in plasma concentrations of the soluble receptor for advanced glycation end products (sRAGE).
Associations of obesity, physical activity and diet with benign prostatic hyperplasia and lower urinary tract symptoms.
SERPINE1, PAI-1 protein coding gene, methylation levels and epigenetic relationships with adiposity changes in obese subjects with metabolic syndrome features under dietary restriction.
Identification and pharmacokinetics of novel alkylresorcinol metabolites in human urine, new candidate biomarkers for whole-grain wheat and rye intake.
Urinary and dietary analysis of 18,470 bangladeshis reveal a correlation of rice consumption with arsenic exposure and toxicity.
Development of a valid and reliable blood stasis questionnaire and its relationship to heart rate variability.
The use of dietary supplements and their association with blood pressure in a large Midwestern cohort.
Associations between red meat intake and biomarkers of inflammation and glucose metabolism in women.
Reproducibility of cerebrospinal venous blood flow and vessel anatomy with the use of phase contrast-vastly undersampled isotropic projection reconstruction and contrast-enhanced MRA.
Expression of "brown-in-white" adipocyte biomarkers shows gender differences and the influence of early dietary exposure.
Statistical validation of the shorter-moldwin food sensitivity questionnaire for patients with interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome.
Urinary metabolites of organophosphate flame retardants and their variability in pregnant women.
Assessing the quality and reproducibility of a proteomic platform for clinical stroke biomarker discovery.
Time-dependent variability in tacrolimus trough blood levels is a risk factor for late kidney transplant failure.
Intakes of anthocyanins and flavones are associated with biomarkers of insulin resistance and inflammation in women.
Biomarkers of fish oil omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids intake in humans.
Short sleep duration is associated with decreased serum leptin, increased energy intake and decreased diet quality in postmenopausal women.
Prenatal exposure to phthalates is associated with decreased anogenital distance and penile size in male newborns.
Short-term variability in biomarkers of bone metabolism in sheep.
An inter-laboratory study on the variability in measured concentrations of 17-estradiol, testosterone, and 11-ketotestosterone in white sucker: implications and recommendations.
Self-reported alcohol intake is a better estimate of 5-year change in blood pressure than biochemical markers in low resource settings: the PURE study.
Androgenic alopecia is associated with less dietary soy, lower [corrected] blood vanadium and rs1160312 1 polymorphism in Taiwanese communities.
Polymorphism of rs1836882 in NOX4 gene modifies associations between dietary caloric intake and ROS levels in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Development and validation of a dietary screening tool for high sodium consumption in Australian renal patients.
Validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire for estimation of intakes of energy, fats and cholesterol among Singaporeans.
Clinical significance of intra-host variability of Dengue-1 virus in venous and capillary blood.
Types of oilseed and adipose tissue influence the composition and relationships of polyunsaturated fatty acid biohydrogenation products in steers fed a grass hay diet.
Intraindividual variation in urinary iodine concentrations: effect of adjustment on population distribution using two and three repeated spot urine collections.
High variability in serum estradiol measurements in men and women.
Reproducibility and prognostic value of WHO1973 and WHO2004 grading systems in TaT1 urothelial carcinoma of the urinary bladder.
Dietary arsenic exposure with low level of arsenic in drinking water and biomarker: a study in West Bengal.
Diets high in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids decrease fatty acid synthase protein levels in adipose tissue but do not alter other markers of adipose function and inflammation in diet-induced obese rats.
Dietary glycemic index, but not glycemic load, is positively associated with serum homocysteine concentration in free-living young Japanese women.
Factors associated with variability in rifampin plasma pharmacokinetics and the relationship between rifampin concentrations and induction of efavirenz clearance.
Epstein-Barr virus latent membrane protein 1 genetic variability in peripheral blood B cells and oropharyngeal fluids.
Mercury and selenium intake by seafood from the Ionian Sea: A risk evaluation.
Association between circulating irisin levels and the promotion of insulin resistance during the weight maintenance period after a dietary weight-lowering program in obese patients.
Early biomarkers identified in a rat model of a healthier phenotype based on early postnatal dietary intervention may predict the response to an obesogenic environment in adulthood.
Associations of the Baltic Sea diet with obesity-related markers of inflammation.
Reproducibility of cardiac biomarkers response to prolonged treadmill exercise.
Soy intake and breast cancer risk: an evaluation based on a systematic review of epidemiologic evidence among the Japanese population.
The association between APOA5 haplotypes and plasma lipids is not modified by energy or fat intake: the Czech HAPIEE study.
Mealtime, temporal, and daily variability of the human urinary and plasma metabolomes in a tightly controlled environment.
Hypocaloric high-protein diet improves clinical and biochemical markers in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
The effect of ginger consumption on glycemic status, lipid profile and some inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Different dietary fatty acids are associated with blood lipids in healthy South African men and women: the PURE study.
Critical evaluation of lowering the recommended dietary intake of folate.
Effects of a low-fat diet with antioxidant supplementation on biochemical markers of multiple sclerosis long-term care residents.
Urinary tartaric acid as a potential biomarker for the dietary assessment of moderate wine consumption: a randomised controlled trial.
Variability of oxidative stress biomarkers in hemodialysis patients.
Plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations, biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort.
The effects of green tea consumption on metabolic and anthropometric indices in patients with Type 2 diabetes.
Total antioxidant capacity of diet and serum, dietary antioxidant vitamins intake, and serum hs-CRP levels in relation to depression scales in university male students.
Saturated fatty acid (SFA) status and SFA intake exhibit different relations with serum total cholesterol and lipoprotein cholesterol: a mechanistic explanation centered around lifestyle-induced low-grade inflammation.
Dietary indices, cardiovascular risk factors and mortality in middle-aged adults: findings from the Aerobics Center Longitudinal Study.
Flow cytometric analysis of micronuclei in rat peripheral blood: An interlaboratory reproducibility study.
Plasma alkylresorcinols C17:0/C21:0 ratio, a biomarker of relative whole-grain rye intake, is associated to insulin sensitivity: a randomized study.
Relationship between dietary mercury intake and blood mercury level in Korea.
Transcript levels of class I GLUTs within individual tissues and the direct relationship between GLUT1 expression and glucose metabolism in Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua).
Inorganic and methylmercury levels in plasma are differentially associated with age, gender, and oxidative stress markers in a population exposed to mercury through fish consumption.
An almond-enriched diet increases plasma -tocopherol and improves vascular function but does not affect oxidative stress markers or lipid levels.
Relation of mitochondrial oxygen consumption in peripheral blood mononuclear cells to vascular function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet on heart failure biomarkers: a randomized sample from the PREDIMED trial.
Effects of dietary milled seed mixture on fatty acid status and inflammatory markers in patients on hemodialysis.
Short communication: Is consumption of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides, such as the Norwegian cheese Gamalost, associated with reduced blood pressure?
Defective adipose tissue development associated with hepatomegaly in cathepsin E-deficient mice fed a high-fat diet.
Moderate chronic administration of Vineatrol-enriched red wines improves metabolic, oxidative, and inflammatory markers in hamsters fed a high-fat diet.
Storage duration of red blood cell transfusion and Clostridium difficile infection: a within person comparison.
Immunoepidemiological profiling of onchocerciasis patients reveals associations with microfilaria loads and ivermectin intake on both individual and community levels.
Effects of herbal essential oil mixture as a dietary supplement on egg production in quail.
Correlation between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids consumption and BDNF peripheral levels in adolescents.
Sources of variability in biomarker concentrations.
Comparison of ASL and DCE MRI for the non-invasive measurement of renal blood flow: quantification and reproducibility.
Dietary antioxidant and anti-inflammatory intake modifies the effect of cadmium exposure on markers of systemic inflammation and oxidative stress.
Examination of lysine requirement of healthy young male adults on a Chinese habitual diet by the modified indicator amino acid oxidation method.
Plasma lipidome is independently associated with variability in metabolic syndrome in Mexican American families.
A community study of the effect of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites on heart rate variability based on the Framingham risk score.
Fruit and vegetable intake and related nutrients are associated with oxidative stress markers in middle-aged men.
Most blood biomarkers related to vitamin status, one-carbon metabolism, and the kynurenine pathway show adequate preanalytical stability and within-person reproducibility to allow assessment of exposure or nutritional status in healthy women and cardiovascular patients.
Socioeconomic factors are associated with folate and vitamin B12 intakes and related biomarkers concentrations in European adolescents: the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence study.
Reproducibility of estradiol and testosterone levels in postmenopausal women over 5 years: results from the breakthrough generations study.
Systematic review using meta-analyses to estimate dose-response relationships between iodine intake and biomarkers of iodine status in different population groups.
Self-reported whole-grain intake and plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations in combination in relation to the incidence of colorectal cancer.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire for assessing macronutrient and calcium intake in adult Pakistani population.
New biomarkers of coffee consumption identified by the non-targeted metabolomic profiling of cohort study subjects.
Added sugars in the diet are positively associated with diastolic blood pressure and triglycerides in children.
Dietary sodium and potassium intake is not associated with elevated blood pressure in US adults with no prior history of hypertension.
Short term variability in urinary bisphenol A in Australian children.
Improving Reproducibility of Lab-on-a-Chip Sensor with Bismuth Working Electrode for Determining Zn in Serum by Anodic Stripping Voltammetry.
Protocol for the implementation and evaluation of a community-based intervention seeking to reduce dietary salt intake in Lithgow, Australia.
Metabolomics in nutritional epidemiology: identifying metabolites associated with diet and quantifying their potential to uncover diet-disease relations in populations.
Healthy dietary habits score as an indicator of diet quality in New Zealand adolescents.
Association of serum phosphorus variability with coronary artery calcification among hemodialysis patients.
Roles of the ALDH2 and ADH1B genotypes on the association between alcohol intake and serum adiponectin levels among Japanese male workers.
Methylation potential associated with diet, genotype, protein, and metabolite levels in the Delta Obesity Vitamin Study.
Caffeine intake may modulate inflammation markers in trained rats.
Circadian rhythmicity, variability and correlation of interleukin-6 levels in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid of healthy men.
Association of dietary caloric intake with blood pressure, serum lipids and anthropometric indices in patients with hypertension.
Fruit and vegetable intake, as reflected by serum carotenoid concentrations, predicts reduced probability of polychlorinated biphenyl-associated risk for type 2 diabetes: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004.
Evaluation of trace elements in selected foods and dietary intake by young children in Thailand.
Interindividual variability of lutein bioavailability in healthy men: characterization, genetic variants involved, and relation with fasting plasma lutein concentration.
Metabolic syndrome, alcohol consumption and genetic factors are associated with serum uric acid concentration.
Predicting passive and active tissue:plasma partition coefficients: interindividual and interspecies variability.
Hair calcium concentration is associated with calcium intake and bone mineral density.
Effect of dietary intake of avocado oil and olive oil on biochemical markers of liver function in sucrose-fed rats.
Determination des metabolites monoester de butylbenzyl-phthalate (bbp) par gcms dans les urines de personnes exposees: analysis of the monoester metabolites of butylbenzyl phthalate by gc-ms in urine of exposed workers.
The effects of a 6-month resistance training and dried plum consumption intervention on strength, body composition, blood markers of bone turnover, and inflammation in breast cancer survivors.
"Intrinsic" elimination rate and dietary intake estimates for selected indicator PCBs: toxicokinetic modeling using serial sampling data in US subjects, 2005-2010.
Failure of a dietary model to affect markers of inflammation in domestic cats.
Cognitive impairment in coeliac disease improves on a gluten-free diet and correlates with histological and serological indices of disease severity.
Urinary isoflavonoid excretion as a biomarker of dietary soy intake during two randomized soy trials.
Medium-term variability of the human serum metabolome in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Effect of high-fat diet upon inflammatory markers and aortic stiffening in mice.
Effect of dietary sodium nitrate consumption on egg production, egg quality characteristics and some blood indices in native hens of west azarbaijan province.
Comparison of essential fatty acid intakes and serum levels of inflammatory factors between asthmatic and healthy adults: a case- control study.
Evaluation of histopathologic and histomorphometric changes of testicular tissue and gonadotropin levels following consumption of methylphenidate in male mice.
Reliability and Validity of the King's Health Questionnaire for Male Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms in Taiwan.
Is Alcohol Consumption Associated with Male Urinary Incontinence?
How useful is aminolevulinic acid dehydratase as a marker of recent alcohol intake?
Effects of a Single Large Dose of Ethanol on Tissue Ascorbic Acid, Drug-Metabolizing Enzymes in the Liver, and Serum and Liver Lipids in Rats Fed with a PCB-containing Diet.
Nonthermal Plasma Chemical Processing of Bromomethane.
GC/MS method to quantify bioavailable phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity determination of plasma after acute coffee consumption in human volunteers.
Monitoring of environmental exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons: a review.
The effect of twice daily kiwifruit consumption on periodontal and systemic conditions before and after treatment: A randomized clinical trial.
