Three, single-day nutritional surveys at weekly intervals were conducted in the general medical wards of an urban municipal teaching hospital. The techniques of nutritional assessment included anthropometric measures (weight/height, triceps skin fold, arm-muscle circumference, serum albumin, and hematocrit). The prevalence of protein-calorie malnutrition was 44% or greater by these criteria (weight/height, 45%; triceps skin fold, 76%; arm-muscle circumference, 55%; serum albumin, 44%; and hematocrit, 48%). These results were reproducible without significant variation between surveys. In 34% of patients, a lymphopenia of 1,200 cells/cu mm or less was found, a level likely to be associated with diminished cell-mediated immunity. Compared with a similar survey among surgical patients, the medical patients were more depleted calorically (weight/height, triceps skin fold) but had better protein status (arm-muscle circumference, serum albumin). Significant protein-calorie malnutrition occurs commonly in municipal hospitals in both medical and surgical services.
The HER-2/neu oncogene is a member of the erbB-like oncogene family, and is related to, but distinct from, the epidermal growth factor receptor. This gene has been shown to be amplified in human breast cancer cell lines. In the current study, alterations of the gene in 189 primary human breast cancers were investigated. HER-2/neu was found to be amplified from 2- to greater than 20-fold in 30% of the tumors. Correlation of gene amplification with several disease parameters was evaluated. Amplification of the HER-2/neu gene was a significant predictor of both overall survival and time to relapse in patients with breast cancer. It retained its significance even when adjustments were made for other known prognostic factors. Moreover, HER-2/neu amplification had greater prognostic value than most currently used prognostic factors, including hormonal-receptor status, in lymph node-positive disease. These data indicate that this gene may play a role in the biologic behavior and/or pathogenesis of human breast cancer.
Inhibitors of programmed cell death (apoptosis) aberrantly prolonging cell viability may contribute to cancer by facilitating the insurgence of mutations and by promoting resistance to therapy. Despite the identification of several new apoptosis inhibitors related to bcl-2 or to the baculovirus IAP gene, it is not clear whether apoptosis inhibition plays a general role in neoplasia. Here, we describe a new human gene encoding a structurally unique IAP apoptosis inhibitor, designated survivin. Survivin contains a single baculovirus IAP repeat and lacks a carboxyl-terminal RING finger. Present during fetal development, survivin is undetectable in terminally differentiated adult tissues. However, survivin becomes prominently expressed in transformed cell lines and in all the most common human cancers of lung, colon, pancreas, prostate and breast, in vivo. Survivin is also found in approximately 50% of high-grade non-Hodgkin's lymphomas (centroblastic, immunoblastic), but not in low-grade lymphomas (lymphocytic). Recombinant expression of survivin counteracts apoptosis of B lymphocyte precursors deprived of interleukin 3 (IL-3). These findings suggest that apoptosis inhibition may be a general feature of neoplasia and identify survivin as a potential new target for apoptosis-based therapy in cancer and lymphoma.
To explore the role of cyclooxygenase (COX) in endothelial cell migration and angiogenesis, we have used two in vitro model systems involving coculture of endothelial cells with colon carcinoma cells. COX-2-overexpressing cells produce prostaglandins, proangiogenic factors, and stimulate both endothelial migration and tube formation, while control cells have little activity. The effect is inhibited by antibodies to combinations of angiogenic factors, by NS-398 (a selective COX-2 inhibitor), and by aspirin. NS-398 does not inhibit production of angiogenic factors or angiogenesis induced by COX-2-negative cells. Treatment of endothelial cells with aspirin or a COX-1 antisense oligonucleotide inhibits COX-1 activity/expression and suppresses tube formation. Cyclooxygenase regulates colon carcinoma-induced angiogenesis by two mechanisms: COX-2 can modulate production of angiogenic factors by colon cancer cells, while COX-1 regulates angiogenesis in endothelial cells.
BACKGROUND: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease and malnutrition are widely recognized as leading causes of the increased morbidity and mortality observed in uremic patients. C-reactive protein (CRP), an acute-phase protein, is a predictor of cardiovascular mortality in nonrenal patient populations. In chronic renal failure (CRF), the prevalence of an acute-phase response has been associated with an increased mortality. METHODS: One hundred and nine predialysis patients (age 52 +/- 1 years) with terminal CRF (glomerular filtration rate 7 +/- 1 ml/min) were studied. By using noninvasive B-mode ultrasonography, the cross-sectional carotid intima-media area was calculated, and the presence or absence of carotid plaques was determined. Nutritional status was assessed by subjective global assessment (SGA), dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA), serum albumin, serum creatinine, serum urea, and 24-hour urine urea excretion. The presence of an inflammatory reaction was assessed by CRP, fibrinogen (N = 46), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha; N = 87). Lipid parameters, including Lp(a) and apo(a)-isoforms, as well as markers of oxidative stress (autoantibodies against oxidized low-density lipoprotein and vitamin E), were also determined. RESULTS: Compared with healthy controls, CRF patients had an increased mean carotid intima-media area (18.3 +/- 0.6 vs. 13.2 +/- 0.7 mm2, P < 0.0001) and a higher prevalence of carotid plaques (72 vs. 32%, P = 0.001). The prevalence of malnutrition (SGA 2 to 4) was 44%, and 32% of all patients had an acute-phase response (CRP > or = 10 mg/liter). Malnourished patients had higher CRP levels (23 +/- 3 vs. 13 +/- 2 mg/liter, P < 0.01), elevated calculated intima-media area (20.2 +/- 0.8 vs. 16.9 +/- 0.7 mm2, P < 0.01) and a higher prevalence of carotid plaques (90 vs. 60%, P < 0.0001) compared with well-nourished patients. During stepwise multivariate analysis adjusting for age and gender, vitamin E (P < 0.05) and CRP (P < 0.05) remained associated with an increased intima-media area. The presence of carotid plaques was significantly associated with age (P < 0.001), log oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL; P < 0.01), and small apo(a) isoform size (P < 0.05) in a multivariate logistic regression model. CONCLUSION: These results indicate that the rapidly developing atherosclerosis in advanced CRF appears to be caused by a synergism of different mechanisms, such as malnutrition, inflammation, oxidative stress, and genetic components. Apart from classic risk factors, low vitamin E levels and elevated CRP levels are associated with an increased intima-media area, whereas small molecular weight apo(a) isoforms and increased levels of oxLDL are associated with the presence of carotid plaques. 
Although cancer classification has improved over the past 30 years, there has been no general approach for identifying new cancer classes (class discovery) or for assigning tumors to known classes (class prediction). Here, a generic approach to cancer classification based on gene expression monitoring by DNA microarrays is described and applied to human acute leukemias as a test case. A class discovery procedure automatically discovered the distinction between acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) without previous knowledge of these classes. An automatically derived class predictor was able to determine the class of new leukemia cases. The results demonstrate the feasibility of cancer classification based solely on gene expression monitoring and suggest a general strategy for discovering and predicting cancer classes for other types of cancer, independent of previous biological knowledge.
Malnutrition has been identified as affecting patient outcome. The purpose of this study was to correlate the nutritional status of hospitalized patients with their morbidity, mortality, length of hospital stay and costs. The patients were nutritionally assessed within the first 72 h of hospital admission. The patients' charts were surveyed on the incidence of complications and mortality. Hospital costs were calculated based on economic tables used by insurance companies. Multivariate logistic regression analysis and the Cox regression model were used to identify possible confounding factors. A P<0.05 was considered statistically significant. The mean age was 50.6+/-17.3 years with 50.2% being male. The incidence of complications in the malnourished was 27.0% [Relative risk (RR)=1.60]. Mortality in the malnourished patients was 12.4% vs 4.7% in the well nourished (RR = 2.63). Malnourished patients stayed in the hospital for 16.7+/-24.5 days vs 10.1+/-11.7 days in the nourished. Hospital costs in malnourished patients were increased up to 308.9%. It was concluded that malnutrition, as analyzed by a multivariate logistic regression model, is an independent risk factor impacting on higher complications and increased mortality, length of hospital stay and costs.
BACKGROUND: Most patients with non-small-cell lung cancer have no response to the tyrosine kinase inhibitor gefitinib, which targets the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). However, about 10 percent of patients have a rapid and often dramatic clinical response. The molecular mechanisms underlying sensitivity to gefitinib are unknown. METHODS: We searched for mutations in the EGFR gene in primary tumors from patients with non-small-cell lung cancer who had a response to gefitinib, those who did not have a response, and those who had not been exposed to gefitinib. The functional consequences of identified mutations were evaluated after the mutant proteins were expressed in cultured cells. RESULTS: Somatic mutations were identified in the tyrosine kinase domain of the EGFR gene in eight of nine patients with gefitinib-responsive lung cancer, as compared with none of the seven patients with no response (P<0.001). Mutations were either small, in-frame deletions or amino acid substitutions clustered around the ATP-binding pocket of the tyrosine kinase domain. Similar mutations were detected in tumors from 2 of 25 patients with primary non-small-cell lung cancer who had not been exposed to gefitinib (8 percent). All mutations were heterozygous, and identical mutations were observed in multiple patients, suggesting an additive specific gain of function. In vitro, EGFR mutants demonstrated enhanced tyrosine kinase activity in response to epidermal growth factor and increased sensitivity to inhibition by gefitinib. CONCLUSIONS: A subgroup of patients with non-small-cell lung cancer have specific mutations in the EGFR gene, which correlate with clinical responsiveness to the tyrosine kinase inhibitor gefitinib. These mutations lead to increased growth factor signaling and confer susceptibility to the inhibitor. Screening for such mutations in lung cancers may identify patients who will have a response to gefitinib. 
Recent studies suggest that thousands of genes may contribute to breast cancer pathophysiologies when deregulated by genomic or epigenomic events. Here, we describe a model "system" to appraise the functional contributions of these genes to breast cancer subsets. In general, the recurrent genomic and transcriptional characteristics of 51 breast cancer cell lines mirror those of 145 primary breast tumors, although some significant differences are documented. The cell lines that comprise the system also exhibit the substantial genomic, transcriptional, and biological heterogeneity found in primary tumors. We show, using Trastuzumab (Herceptin) monotherapy as an example, that the system can be used to identify molecular features that predict or indicate response to targeted therapies or other physiological perturbations.
This review focuses on the studies investigating the prognostic implications of disease-related malnutrition. Malnutrition is a common problem in patients with chronic or severe diseases. Prevalence of hospital malnutrition ranges between 20% and 50% depending on the criteria used in order to determine malnutrition and the patient's characteristics. Furthermore, nutritional status is known to worsen during hospital stay which is partly due to the poor recognition by the medical staff and adverse clinical routines. Studies have repeatedly shown that clinical malnutrition however has serious implications for recovery from disease, trauma and surgery and is generally associated with increased morbidity and mortality both in acute and chronic diseases. Length of hospital stay is significantly longer in malnourished patients and higher treatment costs are reported in malnutrition. Since it has been demonstrated that proper nutritional care can reduce the prevalence of hospital malnutrition and costs, nutritional assessment is mandatory in order to recognise malnutrition early and initiate timely nutritional therapy.
Dysregulated expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) in various tissues has been associated with a variety of diseases, including cancers. Here we demonstrate that miRNAs are present in the serum and plasma of humans and other animals such as mice, rats, bovine fetuses, calves, and horses. The levels of miRNAs in serum are stable, reproducible, and consistent among individuals of the same species. Employing Solexa, we sequenced all serum miRNAs of healthy Chinese subjects and found over 100 and 91 serum miRNAs in male and female subjects, respectively. We also identified specific expression patterns of serum miRNAs for lung cancer, colorectal cancer, and diabetes, providing evidence that serum miRNAs contain fingerprints for various diseases. Two non-small cell lung cancer-specific serum miRNAs obtained by Solexa were further validated in an independent trial of 75 healthy donors and 152 cancer patients, using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction assays. Through these analyses, we conclude that serum miRNAs can serve as potential biomarkers for the detection of various cancers and other diseases.
The cBioPortal for Cancer Genomics (http://cbioportal.org) provides a Web resource for exploring, visualizing, and analyzing multidimensional cancer genomics data. The portal reduces molecular profiling data from cancer tissues and cell lines into readily understandable genetic, epigenetic, gene expression, and proteomic events. The query interface combined with customized data storage enables researchers to interactively explore genetic alterations across samples, genes, and pathways and, when available in the underlying data, to link these to clinical outcomes. The portal provides graphical summaries of gene-level data from multiple platforms, network visualization and analysis, survival analysis, patient-centric queries, and software programmatic access. The intuitive Web interface of the portal makes complex cancer genomics profiles accessible to researchers and clinicians without requiring bioinformatics expertise, thus facilitating biological discoveries. Here, we provide a practical guide to the analysis and visualization features of the cBioPortal for Cancer Genomics.
BACKGROUND: The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics and American Society the Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (ASPEN) Consensus Statement recommends a standardized set of diagnostic characteristics to identify adult malnutrition. Due to lack of a consensus definition and challenges with measurements, physical function or performance has traditionally been difficult to assess. The purpose of this study was to determine whether manual muscle testing (MMT) performed by registered dietitians (RDs) can be used as a surrogate measurement of muscle strength and function in hospitalized patients. METHOD: Patients admitted to the heart failure service on the cardiac stepdown units at the Cleveland Clinic Main Campus in Cleveland, Ohio, were eligible for the study, and those who met the inclusion criteria underwent handgrip strength (HGS) testing and evaluation of nutrition status using the Academy/ASPEN Characteristics Recommended for the Identification of Adult Malnutrition. MMT was then performed within 24 hours by a different study investigator blinded to the HGS and malnutrition assessment results. RESULTS: It was found that HGS and MMT overall were in agreement for 84% of patients and that MMT had a high sensitivity (98%) but low specificity (13%). CONCLUSION: This study shows feasibility for RDs to perform MMT on patients to determine muscle strength and functioning. Future practice application may be to incorporate MMT into screening criteria for patients being evaluated for malnutrition and reserve HGS testing only for patients with an abnormal MMT. 
The aim of this study is to determine the profile of the use of pemetrexed in metastatic or locally advanced NSCLC in Andalusia and its variation over 2 years (2010-2011). A prescription-indication observational retrospective multicenter study was conducted. Adult patients with locally advanced/metastatic NSCLC who received pemetrexed in any hospital in the Andalusian Public Health System during the first term of 2010 or the last term of 2011 were included. We collected patients' baseline characteristics, tumour histology and stage, pemetrexed indication and performance status at the start of treatment. In all, 107 and 170 patients (62 ± 11 years old) from 17 hospitals were included in 2010 and 2011, respectively. The predominant histology was adenocarcinoma (85%), 88% of patients had stage IV tumours and 52% Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group stage (ECOG) 1. Pemetrexed indications in 2010 and 2011 were: First line combined with platinum (28.97-37.64%); first line combined with platinum and maintenance with pemetrexed (24.30-28.82%); second line mono-therapy (12.15-7.65%) and maintenance (2.15-7.05%). Off-label use was detected in 22.43% (2010) and 18.84% (2011). In conclusion, pemetrexed combined with platinum is mainly used as first-line treatment in NSCLC patients with stage IV, adenocarcinoma histologic subtype and good performance status. Off-label use is high (especially in 2010). An adequate therapeutic positioning for pemetrexed based on effectiveness and safety analysis should be defined, so that NSCLC patients could be beneficiated with the most cost-effective chemotherapy treatment.
BACKGROUND: Guatemala is a country with the highest prevalence of stunting in under-5 children in the Americas, with a national average of 49.8%. Asymptomatic intestinal colonization with Giardia intestinalis is common in Guatemalan preschoolers and has been implicated as a factor in linear growth retardation. The potential mechanisms of any giardiasis-growth interaction have not been exhaustively explored. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to describe urine oxidative stress biomarkers and erythrocyte antioxidant enzyme activity, and to explore any association with prevalence or intensity of G intestinalis infection in preschoolers attending 3 government-subsidized day care centers in the Guatemalan Western Highlands. METHODS: Samples of feces, urine, and red blood cell (RBC) hemolysate were collected in a total of 74 preschoolers enrolled in 3 day care centers. Giardia prevalence and a proxy index for intensity were assessed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). Urinary biomarkers of oxidative damage to DNA (8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine [8-OHdG]) and to lipid (F2t 15-Isoprostane [F2-Iso]) were measured by ELISA. The erythrocyte activity of catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione reductase (GSR), and glutathione peroxidase (GPX) were measured by respective spectroscopic substrate-based reaction assays. RESULTS: Median values of RBC CAT activity (P = 0.016) and urine F2-Iso (P = 0.023) differed between children who were positive (n = 39) and negative (n = 35) for Giardia. Similarly, G intestinalis intensity was significantly and positively associated with urinary F2-Iso (r = 0.446, P < 0.001), RBC SOD (r = 283, P = 0.014), and RBC CAT (r = 0.260, P = 0.025). CONCLUSION: The optical density reading of the fecal ELISA assay for G intestinalis has potential as a proxy for the intensity of infestation. In this respect, there exists an association of this intensity with indicators of the systemic oxidation. 
Poor feeding practices among young children lead to malnutrition, and the poor are at a greater risk than the better off groups. Child-feeding practices in various socio-economic strata, especially in urban settings, have not yet been well studied in Indonesia. This study aims to explore the feeding practices of 12-23 months old children from different socio-economic status (SES) groups. A cross-sectional survey was conducted, which included low (n 207), medium-high (n 205), medium-low (n 208) and high SES households (n 194) in forty-three villages within thirty-three sub-districts of Bandung city. Two non-consecutive 24 h recall and eight core indicators of child-feeding practices were assessed through interviews. The results showed that children from the high SES group were more likely to be exclusively breast-fed and to continue breast-feeding up to 1 year of age, met minimum dietary diversity and minimum acceptable diet, and also consumed Fe-rich or Fe-fortified foods. In contrast, children from low SES consumed more energy-rich food (grain) but fewer foods from the other food groups. Consumption of major nutrients differed across the SES groups. Inadequate nutrition was higher among children from the lower SES groups. Fortified foods were consumed by a larger proportion of children from the high SES group and contributed considerably to their overall nutrient intake. This study shows that young children's feeding practices were not adequate, most notably among the low SES households. However, after adjusting with potential confounders, there was not enough evidence to conclude SES as a risk factor for feeding practice.
INTRODUCTION: The French Military Health Service organizes medical survey of 340,000 military men. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the practices of solid cancer screening of general practitioners in military medical units and to compare the results with the recommendations of the French National Institute of Cancer. METHODS: We conducted a prospective, observational study among general practitioners in Army Medical Unit by sending them a self-assessment questionnaire. Physicians should report on their practices for screening cancers with official screening recommendations. Compliance rates with the recommendations were reviewed. Screening practices for other cancers (prostate cancer, melanoma, thyroid cancer, lung cancer, testicular cancer) were assessed. RESULTS: A total of 133 questionnaires were analyzed. Despite a strong involvement of army general health practitioners, guidelines adherence rates (examination frequency, ages of screening beginning and ending) were of 4% for cervical cancer, 7% for breast cancer, and 37% for colorectal cancer. Those rates are comparable to those reported with civilian general practitioners. For cancers without screening recommendation, practitioners felt highly concerned, especially for the most common cancers among the military population. One third of physicians stated that they had diagnosed a testicular cancer through routine screening. CONCLUSION: Military general health practitioners feel themselves concerned by solid cancer screening, and more particularly for cancers that are the most prevalent in young adults. However, current guidelines are neither known nor applied in routine. 
UNLABELLED: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of hepatic re-resection for breast cancer liver metastases. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Between January 2004 and December 2014 seven patients were submitted to liver re-resection for breast cancer liver metastases at our Center. The main inclusion criteria were presence of isolated liver metastases and absence of systemic recurrent disease Results: The median age at the time of breast surgery was 51 years (range=39-69 years). The first liver resection was performed after a median period of 34.7 months and consisted of minor hepatectomies in six and major hepatectomy in one patient. The second liver resection was performed after a median interval of 22 months from the first liver resection and consisted of major resection in one case and minor resection in the other six cases. Postoperative complications occurred in a single case after the first liver surgery and in two cases after the second hepatic resection, all cases being successfully managed conservatively. Overall postoperative mortality was 0. The median overall survival after the second liver resection was 28 months. CONCLUSION: Re-resection for breast cancer liver metastases can be safely performed and may bring survival benefit. 
BACKGROUND: CD44 and phosphorylated AKT (p-AKT) is a potentially interesting prognostic marker and therapeutic target in pancreatic cancer. The expression of CD44 and p-AKT has been reported to correlate with poor prognosis of pancreatic cancer in most literatures. The purpose of this study is to investigate the roles of CD44 and p-AKT in pancreatic head cancer and their correlation with the prognosis of pancreatic head cancer patients. METHODS: Forty-eight pancreatic head cancer samples were collected dating from Jan. 2010 to Dec. 2012. Immunohistochemistry was applied to test the expression of CD44 and p-AKT in pancreatic head cancer. The clinical data of the patients were collected including their gender, age, the histology and location, lymph node metastasis, and so on. The correlation between the CD44 expression and the clinicopathological factors of patients with pancreatic head cancer was analyzed by the software SPSS 13.0. RESULTS: The positive rates of CD44 and p-AKT expression in the samples were 64.6 and 29.2 %, respectively. There was a significant difference between the CD44 expression and the pancreatic cancer' T staging, tumor node metastasis (TNM) staging, lymph node metastasis (P < 0.05). The Cox proportional hazard model showed that CD44 and lymph node metastasis were independent prognostic factors. CONCLUSIONS: CD44 was related to the distant metastasis and aggressive malignant behaviors of pancreatic head cancer. 
BACKGROUND: Around 27,000 new cases of prostate cancer are diagnosed every year in Spain and 5400 die from this disease. Radiotherapy (RT), alone or combined, has proven to be effective as initial treatment in patients with localized disease. Our objective was to evaluate the use of external beam RT (EBRT) in our region, comparing the indication rate and irradiation rate and examining variability in its application among hospitals. METHODS: We conducted a review of RT guidelines and indication studies for prostate cancer (% expected irradiation). Data were gathered from all twelve public healthcare centers in Andalusia (Spain) on RT-treated prostate cancer patients during 2013 (% actual irradiation) and from nine of the centers on RT discharge reports. Information was classified according to type of hospital, tumor risk category and RT treatment (technique, dosage, volume, toxicity). RESULTS: The estimated RT rate was 67 % (1289/1917), 43 % were aged > 70 years, 44.7 % had ECOG performance status of 0); 44.7 % had high-risk tumors; 57 % underwent RT associated with hormone therapy; 70 % of patients receiving RT were treated with 3D planning (30 % IGRT); and doses were 70-76 Gy in 70 % of cases and >76 Gy in 10.7 %. Acute gastrointestinal and genitourinary toxicities were < grade 2 in 79 and 89 % of patients, respectively. An irradiation rate significantly below the mean for the study was found in four provinces. There was a significant difference among provinces in the distribution of risk groups. CONCLUSIONS: Underutilization of EBRT was estimated to be around 30 % in prostate cancer patients, with an elevated variability in irradiation rates among hospitals related to differences in available technology and in the distribution of patients with different risk levels. These data should be a matter of concern to regional health managers, given the negative and measurable impact on the survival of patients. 
BACKGROUND: The liver is a common site of primary and metastatic cancer. Liver-directed therapies are commonly used to treat cancer involving the liver. We report on the patterns, predictors, and outcomes of liver-directed therapies in hospitalized cancer patients in the United States. METHODS: Data were obtained from all U.S. states that contributed to the Nationwide Inpatient Sample maintained by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality between 2006 and 2010. Univariate and multivariate testing was used to identify factors significantly associated with patient outcome. RESULTS: For the 5-year period of interest, 12,540 patient discharges were identified. Mean age in the sample was 60 years. Primary liver lesions (n = 8840) made up 26.9% of the sample; the remaining cases were metastases. Most procedures were performed in large (79%) urban (98%) hospitals and in patients with insurance (97.9%). The most common intervention was partial hepatectomy (42.7%), followed by open (9.9%), percutaneous (7.2%), and laparoscopic (5.04%) ablation of liver lesions; embolization (9.8%); and liver transplantation (2.64%). The incidence of in-hospital mortality was very low (2.4%), and the complication rate was 12.2%. Complications such as acute liver necrosis, ascites, hepatic coma, hepatorenal syndrome, liver abscess, and high number of comorbid illnesses (>8) accounted for 60% of the in-hospital mortality. CONCLUSIONS: The low rate of morbidity and mortality associated with liver-directed therapies in hospitalized cancer patients supports the continuing utility of such procedures in the management of primary and metastatic liver cancer. The patterns of health disparities observed with respect to the use of liver-directed therapies are concerning. 
BACKGROUND: Two billion people worldwide have micronutrient deficiencies. Food fortification is a proven intervention to increase essential micronutrient availability in diets without requiring consumer behavioral change. Fortification of rice has high potential reach; however, cost, technology, market, and cultural constraints have prevented its wider adoption. OBJECTIVE: From 2010 to 2014, PATH and Global Alliance for Improved Nutrition implemented a pilot project in Brazil testing a model to scale up rice fortification through commercial channels. The project focused on 5 areas: (1) building fortified rice kernel production capacity; (2) supply chain development; (3) distribution channel and market development; (4) demand generation; and (5) advocacy and knowledge dissemination. METHODS: Primary data were collected in 2 rounds of quantitative research 6 months apart and conducted in 2 regions in Brazil. Secondary data were sourced from published literature, socioeconomic and demographic data, and sales figures from the project's rice miller partner. Postmortem analysis was conducted by the project team with input from external sources. RESULTS: Although the project successfully launched a fortified rice product and a category brand platform, it was unsuccessful in reaching meaningful scale. Market and industry dynamics affected producers' willingness to launch new fortified products. Consumers' strong attachment to rice combined with a weak understanding of micronutrient malnutrition hampered demand creation efforts. CONCLUSION: This project showed that a purely commercial approach is insufficient for sustainable scale-up of fortified rice to achieve public health goals in a 3- to 5-year period. 
OBJECTIVE: Nutritional deficiency during developmental stages could be associated with subsequent development of inflammation-related metabolic abnormalities. In this study, we examined the effects of a 3-d fast during the suckling-weaning transient period of rats, and subsequent intake of high-fat-high-sucrose (HF) and low-fat-high-starch (LF) diets in adulthood, on the expression of inflammatory genes in adipose tissue and peripheral leukocytes. METHODS: Male Sprague-Dawley rats were deprived of food for 3 d during the suckling-weaning transient period, and were subsequently fed an HF or LF diet for 14 wk from 17 wk of age. Serum monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) concentration and mRNA levels of inflammatory genes in mesenteric adipose tissues were assessed at 31 wk of age. The mRNA levels of inflammatory genes at 0 h and 2 h after oral glucose load at 30 wk of age in peripheral leukocytes were measured. RESULTS: Fasting induced circulating MCP-1 protein in rats fed an LF diet but not an HF diet. The HF diet induced high mRNA levels of tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin-1β, and S100 proteins in peripheral leukocytes at 2 h after glucose load in fasted rats when compared with controls. Expression of CD11c, an activated macrophage marker, was induced in the fasted group given an HF diet during adulthood. CONCLUSIONS: Fasting rats during the suckling-weaning transient period and an HF diet intake during adulthood enhance inflammation by promoting the expression of inflammatory genes in adipose tissue and peripheral leukocytes. 
Restrictive eating disorders (ED) are increasing and represent a serious risk to the health of adolescent females. Restrictive ED in youth are often treated through aggressive short-term refeeding. Although evidence supports that this intervention is the "gold standard" for improving ED outcomes in youth, little research has specifically probed appetite and meal-related responses to this type of intensive, short-term refeeding in newly diagnosed individuals. Information about appetite and meal-related dysfunction could provide valuable insights regarding treatment-interfering features of ED in both acute inpatient and longer-term outpatient treatment. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the hunger, fullness, olfactory, and gustatory responses of adolescents with newly-diagnosed restrictive ED and to probe how and when these responses are altered by refeeding. Using a quasi-experimental ecologically valid methodology, this study described and compared profiles of hunger, fullness, olfactory, and gustatory responses in adolescent females (n = 15) with newly diagnosed restrictive ED at hospital admission (i.e., severe malnutrition) and after medical refeeding, in comparison to healthy controls (n = 15). Results showed that newly diagnosed (i.e., malnourished) adolescents with ED showed significantly different meal-related experiences than controls. Refeeding improved some of these differences, but not all. Following refeeding, females with ED continued to show lower hunger, greater fullness, and lower pleasantness of smell ratings compared to controls. Unpleasantness of taste ratings maladaptively increased, such that females who were re-fed reported more aversive scents than pre-treatment. Profiles of meal-related responses were also identified and compared between groups. The applicability of these findings are discussed within the context of critical periods of change during refeeding treatment and potentially promising intervention targets that might enhance treatment outcomes for adolescents with newly onset, restrictive ED.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Reports on the mortality and its contributing factors after vertebral fracture (VFx) has been scarce, and limited to prevalent VFx. In this paper, we have studied the factors influencing mortality after freshly diagnosed VFx. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: 759 subjects aged 78.8±8.5 years old with back or lumbar pain, and diagnosed as fresh VFx by MRI were studied for their age, gender, number of prevalent fracture (s), survival or the date of death, circulating concentrations of Hb, albumin, C reactive protein, and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Cox's proportional hazard analysis was performed to assess the significant predictors for mortality. The cut-off concentrations of the variables for mortality were analyzed using the receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve. RESULTS: The median observation duration was 3.8 years, and 3-year survival rate was 78.8%. Cox's proportional hazard analysis has shown that serum albumin concentration (hazard ratio (HR) =0.355) and eGFR (HR=0.993) were significant predictors for mortality. The cut-off concentrations were 3.6 g/dL and 60 mL/min/1.73m2, respectively. Kaplan-Meier curves revealed that survival rates were significantly decreased in patients with both serum albumin concentration and eGFR below these cut-off concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: The present study has revealed that malnutrition and impaired renal function were significant predictors for mortality after VFx. 
Anaemia in children is a public health concern in Mexico; Federal food assistance programmes are being implemented to prevent it. We undertook this research to investigate the indirect association between food assistance programmes (FAP) and anaemia through dietary and socio-economic conditions of beneficiary children. A structural equation model (SEM) was constructed to assess associations among FAP, dietary and socio-economic conditions, as well as anaemia. A cross-sectional comparative study was conducted based on a sample of 1214 households with children <5 years old, beneficiaries of two FAP: Prospera and rescue from malnutrition with amaranth (RMA) and a comparison group in San Luis Potosí, Mexico. The SEM and a decomposition effect analysis revealed the existence of a significant indirect association of FAP on the prevalence of anaemia via dietary and socio-economic conditions in children under 5 years old. The Prospera assistance programme showed a significant indirect positive association with the prevalence of anaemia (standard coefficient=0·027, P<0·031), and the RMA programme showed a significant indirect negative association with the prevalence of anaemia (standard coefficient=-0·029, P=0·047). There was a direct association between FAP and dietary and socio-economic conditions. FAP could indirectly modify the prevalence of anaemia in young children with a direct improvement on dietary and socio-economic conditions. The unexpected finding of the association between RMA, dietary and socio-economic conditions and the prevalence of anaemia reflects differences in the focus of the programmes.
Egg yolk is an important source of nutrients and contains different bioactive substances. In the present study, we studied the benefits of egg yolk in preventing low-protein-diet-induced fatty liver in rats. Rats were fed the following diets, which were based on the AIN-76 formula, for 2 wk: an adequate-protein diet containing 20% casein (C), a low-protein diet containing 5% casein (LP-C), a low-protein diet supplemented with 12.5% egg yolk (LP-EY), and a low-protein diet supplemented with 4.1% egg yolk oil (LP-EYO). The low-protein diets were adjusted to contain 4.13% protein and 4.7% lipids. The LP-C diet resulted in a greater increase in the liver trigriceride (TG) and the vacuolation and a greater decrease in the serum TG and free fatty acid (FFA) than did the C diet. These deviations in the serum and liver TG, serum FFA levels and the liver histopathology were corrected in rats fed the LP-EY diet but not in those fed the LP-EYO diet. Compared to rats fed the LP-C diet, although the activities of lipogenesis-related enzymes (fatty acid synthase, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, and malic enzyme) decreased in rats fed both of the LP-EY and LP-EYO diets, the level of the microsomal TG transfer protein (MTP) increased only in rats fed the LP-EY diet. Collectively, these results suggest that dietary egg yolk supplementation decreases the LP diet-induced accumulation of TG in the liver by increasing transport of TG in the liver, and egg yolk oil alone is not sufficient enough to bring about these benefits.
INTRODUCTION: Quality Indicators for Nutritional Therapy (QINT) allow a practical assessment of nutritional therapy (NT) quality. OBJECTIVE: To apply and monitor QINT for critically ill patients at nutritional risk. METHODS: Cross sectional study including critically ill patients > 18 years old, at nutritional risk, on exclusive enteral (ENT) or parenteral nutritional therapy (PNT) for > 72 hours. After three consecutive years, 9 QINT were applied and monitored. Statistical analysis was performed with SPSS version 17.0. RESULTS: A total of 145 patients were included, 93 patients were receiving ENT, among then 65% were male and the mean age was 55.7 years (± 17.4); 52 patients were receiving PNT, 67% were male and the mean age was 58.1 years (± 17.4). All patients (ENT and PNT) were nutritionally screened at admission and their energy and protein needs were individually estimated. Only ENT was early initiated, more than 70% of the prescribed ENT volume was infused and there was a reduced withdrawal of enteral feeding tube. The frequency of diarrhea episodes and digestive fasting were not adequate in ENT patients. The proper supply of energy was contemplated only for PNT patients and there was an expressive rate of oral intake recovery in ENT patients. CONCLUSION: After three years of research, the percentage of QINT adequacy varied between 55%-77% for ENT and 60%-80% for PNT. The results were only made possible by the efforts of a multidisciplinary team and the continuous re-evaluation of the procedures in order to maintain the nutritional assistance for patients at nutritional risk. 
Mealtime interventions typically focus on institutionalised older adults, but we wanted to investigate whether they may also be effective among those living independently. Using a randomised controlled trial design, we assessed the effects of a novel mealtime intervention on self-efficacy, food enjoyment and energy intake. A total of 100 adults living alone aged over 60 years were randomised to the treatment or control conditions: all received a guidebook on nutrition and culinary skills. Treatment group participants received a weekly visit from a trained volunteer who prepared and shared a meal with them. Participants in the treatment group showed improvements relative to those in the control group at borderline significance (P=0·054) for self-efficacy and at significance for food enjoyment. Significant improvements were observed in female participants in the treatment but not in the control group in energy intake (although following corrections for multiple comparisons, only the effect on food enjoyment remained significant). These findings will inform the design of future complex interventions. For this type of intervention to be successful, more focus has to be placed on making interventions more personalised, potentially according to sex. Findings are important for nutritional sciences as they indicate that, in order to improve energy intake and food enjoyment among older adults, multimodal nutritional interventions including social components may be successful.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: High protein oral nutritional supplements (ONS) are regularly prescribed to undernourished patients; however usage of these in older adults is being discussed, as their renal function might have declined with age. Therefore, the aim of the current study was to evaluate the effects of 8 week long consumption of high protein ONS on the renal function of nursing home residents in need of supplementation. Furthermore, within the same setup, differences in gastro-intestinal tolerance between a standard and a more concentrated version of an ONS were investigated. DESIGN: Randomized, controlled, single-blind, parallel-group, multi-country trial (NTR2565). SETTING: Nursing home. PARTICIPANTS: 67 nursing home residents in need of ONS (energy-dense, small volume group n=32; standard volume group n=35). INTERVENTION: Protein supplementation was provided by either a standard (200ml, 300kcal, 20g protein) or an energy-dense, small volume (125ml, 300kcal, 18g protein) ONS during the 8 week long study. MEASUREMENTS: Primary outcome was gastro-intestinal tolerance, assessed by daily stool frequency and consistency, and occurrence and intensity of self-reported gastro-intestinal symptoms. Safety was measured via the occurrence of (serious) adverse events, vital signs, as well as liver- and kidney function monitoring. RESULTS: No clinically relevant and, except for flatulence, no statistically significant differences in gastro-intestinal tolerance were observed between groups. No significant difference between groups was found for estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and urinary albumin/creatinine ratio at baseline and week 8, nor for the changes from baseline. Adverse events and the changes in monitored renal parameters over the study period did not point to a deterioration of renal function. CONCLUSION: High protein ONS seems to be well-tolerated and safe; there is no indication that it affects renal function in nursing home residents, including patients with stage 3 chronic kidney disease, under the conditions tested. Results did not suggest a difference in the effect on renal function between standard and energy-dense small volume ONS format. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Malnutrition is prevalent in vascular surgical patients who commonly seek tertiary care at advanced stages of disease. Adjunct nutrition support is therefore pertinent to optimise patient outcomes. To negate consequences related to excessive or suboptimal dietary energy intake, it is essential to accurately determine energy expenditure and subsequent requirements. This study aims to compare resting energy expenditure (REE) measured by indirect calorimetry, a commonly used comparator, to REE estimated by predictive equations (Schofield, Harris-Benedict equations and Miller equation) to determine the most suitable equation for vascular surgery patients. METHODS: Data were collected from four studies that measured REE in 77 vascular surgery patients. Bland-Altman analyses were conducted to explore agreement. Presence of fixed or proportional bias was assessed by linear regression analyses. RESULTS: In comparison to measured REE, on average REE was overestimated when Schofield (+857 kJ/day), Harris-Benedict (+801 kJ/day) and Miller (+71 kJ/day) equations were used. Wide limits of agreement led to an over or underestimation from 1552 to 1755 kJ. Proportional bias was absent in Schofield (R CONCLUSIONS: Whilst the Miller equation tended to overestimate resting energy expenditure and was affected by proportional bias, the limits of agreement and mean bias were smaller compared to Schofield and Harris-Benedict equations. This suggested that it is the preferred predictive equation for vascular surgery patients. Future research to refine the Miller equation to improve its overall accuracy will better inform the provision of nutritional support for vascular surgery patients and subsequently improve outcomes. Alternatively, an equation might be developed specifically for use with vascular surgery patients. 
BACKGROUND: Nutritional problems are frequent among patients with neuromuscular diseases, who consequently need an adequate evaluation. OBJECTIVE: to describe nutritional assessment and to estimate and measure body composition and energy requirement in children with neuromuscular diseases. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We performed anthropometry, skinfold measurement and bioelectric impedance analysis (BIA) for estimate and measure, respectively, fat mass (FM). Resting energy expenditure (REE) was estimated by Schofield equations and measured by indirect calorimetry (IC). We compared actual energy intake with post-assessment recommendations. RESULTS: We studied 40 patients, 13.6 ± 3.3 years old (Range: 5.8-19.3), 80% boys, diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (n = 21), other dystrophies (7), Muscular Spinal Atrophy (7), myopathies (3) and others (2). According to body mass index (BMI) 22.5% were well nourished (zBMI -1 to +1), 17.5% overweight (zBMI +1 to +2), 17.5% obese (zBMI ≥ +2), and 42.5% undernourished (zBMI < -1). Estimated FM was 20.2% (3.6-46.3), lower than BIA measurement: 34.2% (9.6-60.5) p < 0.001. Estimated REE was higher than measured REE: 1325 (813-2244) vs. 1202 (900-2100) kcal/day, p = 0.002. Actual energy intake: 1452 (1033-2476) was higher than recommended: 1300 (900-1900) kcal/day, p < 0.001. CONCLUSION: Undernutrition and overweight are prevalent in this group of children with neuromuscular diseases. Clinical assessment underestimates FM and overestimates REE. 
Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are considered as regulators of gene expression in cancers. However, cancer profiling has little focused on noncoding genes. Here, we reported that RP11-115N4.1 (here renamed novel lncRNA inhibiting proliferation and metastasis [NLIPMT]) was downregulated in breast cancer tissues. Ectopic expression of NLIPMT inhibited mammary cell proliferation, motility in vitro. Moreover, lnc-NLIPMT reduced the growth of implanted MDA-MB-231 cells in vivo. Mechanistically, glycogen synthase kinase 3β (GSK3β) was identified as an effector protein regulated by lnc-NLIPMT. Inhibition of GSK3β activity restored NLIPMT-induced inhibition of proliferation and motility in breast cancer cells. These data reveal that lnc-NLIPMT functions as a driver of breast cancer progression and might serve as a potential target for antimetastatic therapies.
