Antigens from human seminal plasma. Part III: studies on two new antigens from the tricholoracetic acid soluble fraction.
Solubility fo fibrin clots in monochloroacetic acid. A reflection of serum pepsinogen levels.
Fatal systemic poisoning after skin exposure to monochloroacetic acid.
The effect of chloral hydrate and its metabolites, trichloroethanol and trichloroacetic acid, on bilirubin-albumin binding.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling with dichloromethane, its metabolite, carbon monoxide, and blood carboxyhemoglobin in rats and humans.
Development of a trichloroacetic acid precipitation assay for covalent adducts of thymidylate synthase.
Automated trichloroacetic acid precipitation method for urine total protein.
Monochloroacetic acid toxicity in the mouse associated with blood-brain barrier damage.
The actions of dichloroacetic acid on blood glucose, liver glycogen and fatty acid synthesis in obese-hyperglycaemic (ob/ob) and lean mice.
Personal exposure to volatile organic compounds. I. Direct measurements in breathing-zone air, drinking water, food, and exhaled breath.
The influence of tetrachloromethane on subcellular structures of rat hepatocyte lysosomal and cytoplasmic enzymes of the liver, lungs and blood serum of rats during continuous and intermittent action of tetrachloromethane.
Effects of intermittent dichloromethane inhalation on blood carboxyhemoglobin concentration and drug metabolizing enzymes in rat.
Measurement of frequencies of HPRT mutants, chromosomal aberrations, micronuclei, sister-chromatid exchanges and cells with high frequencies of SCEs in styrene/dichloromethane-exposed workers.
Analysis of trichloroacetic acid in the urine of workers occupationally exposed to trichloroethylene by capillary gas chromatography.
Trihalomethane concentrations in swimmers' and bath attendants' blood and urine after swimming or working in indoor swimming pools.
The contribution of electrophilic and radicalic intermediates to phospholipid adducts formed by halomethanes in vivo.
Potentiation of oxidative damage to rat red blood cells by the concurrent presence of t-butyl hydroperoxide and bromotrichloromethane.
Effect of methanol or modifications of the hepatic glutathione concentration on the metabolism of dichloromethane to carbon monoxide in rats.
Expression of mammalian glutathione S-transferase 5-5 in Salmonella typhimurium TA1535 leads to base-pair mutations upon exposure to dihalomethanes.
Tissue distribution, excretion, and urinary metabolites of dichloroacetic acid in the male Fischer 344 rat.
Polymorphism of glutathione conjugation of methyl bromide, ethylene oxide and dichloromethane in human blood: influence on the induction of sister chromatid exchanges (SCE) in lymphocytes.
In vivo genotoxicity of dichloroacetic acid: evaluation with the mouse peripheral blood micronucleus assay and the single cell gel assay.
Comparison of ethanol plasma-protein precipitation with plasma ultrafiltration and trichloroacetic acid protein precipitation for the measurement of unbound platinum concentrations.
Effects of four trihalomethanes on DNA strand breaks, renal hyaline droplet formation and serum testosterone in male F-344 rats.
Enterohepatic recirculation of trichloroethanol glucuronide as a significant source of trichloroacetic acid. Metabolites of trichloroethylene.
Alveolar breath sampling and analysis to assess trihalomethane exposures during competitive swimming training.
Changes in plasma lipoproteins as toxicity markers for carbon tetrachloride, chloroform, and dichloromethane.
Evaluation of 99mtechnetium-radiopharmaceutical binding to blood elements using different trichloroacetic acid concentrations.
Regenerative hyperplasia is not required for liver tumor induction in female B6C3F1 mice exposed to trihalomethanes.
Blood and breath analyses as biological indicators of exposure to trihalomethanes in indoor swimming pools.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to dichloromethane by diffuse vapor sampling and urinalysis.
A human physiologically based pharmacokinetic model for trichloroethylene and its metabolites, trichloroacetic acid and free trichloroethanol.
Biotransformation of perchloroethene: dose-dependent excretion of trichloroacetic acid, dichloroacetic acid, and N-acetyl-S-(trichlorovinyl)-L-cysteine in rats and humans after inhalation.
Exposure estimates to disinfection by-products of chlorinated drinking water.
Evaluation of biomarkers of environmental exposures: urinary haloacetic acids associated with ingestion of chlorinated drinking water.
Influence of oral administration of a quaternary mixture of trihalomethanes on their blood kinetics in the rat.
Sensitive high-performance liquid chromatography method for the simultaneous determination of low levels of dichloroacetic acid and its metabolites in blood and urine.
Induction of genetic damage in human lymphocytes and mutations in Salmonella by trihalomethanes: role of red blood cells and GSTT1-1 polymorphism.
Quantitative determination of thalidomide in human serum with high-performance liquid chromatography using protein precipitation with trichloroacetic acid and ultraviolet detection.
Hepatocarcinogenicity in the male B6C3F1 mouse following a lifetime exposure to dichloroacetic acid in the drinking water: dose-response determination and modes of action.
Monitoring of occupational exposure to tetrachloroethene by analysis for unmetabolized tetrachloroethene in blood and urine in comparison with urinalysis for trichloroacetic acid.
The disinfection by-products dichloro-, dibromo-, and bromochloroacetic acid impact intestinal microflora and metabolism in Fischer 344 rats upon exposure in drinking water.
Household exposures to drinking water disinfection by-products: whole blood trihalomethane levels.
Uptake of chlorination disinfection by-products; a review and a discussion of its implications for exposure assessment in epidemiological studies.
Physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling of inhalation exposure of humans to dichloromethane during moderate to heavy exercise.
Occupational exposure to trihalomethanes in indoor swimming pools.
Urinary concentrations of trichloroacetic acid in Danish workers exposed to trichloroethylene, 1947-1985.
Characterization of nucleoside and DNA adducts formed by S-(1-acetoxymethyl)glutathione and implications for dihalomethane-glutathione conjugates.
Assessing exposure to disinfection by-products in women of reproductive age living in Corpus Christi, Texas, and Cobb county, Georgia: descriptive results and methods.
Blood:air partition coefficients of individual and mixtures of trihalomethanes.
Dehalogenation of dichloromethane by dichloromethane dehalogenase/glutathione S-transferase leads to formation of DNA adducts.
Weight of evidence for an association between adverse reproductive and developmental effects and exposure to disinfection by-products: a critical review.
Assessing exposure in epidemiologic studies to disinfection by-products in drinking water: report from an international workshop.
Alterations in ovarian follicular progesterone secretion by elevated exposures to the drinking water disinfection by-product dibromoacetic acid: examination of the potential site(s) of impact along the steroidogenic pathway.
Partition coefficients for the trihalomethanes among blood, urine, water, milk and air.
Distribution and determinants of trihalomethane concentrations in indoor swimming pools.
Comparison of trihalomethanes in tap water and blood.
Quantitative detection of trichloroacetic acid in human urine using isotope dilution high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry.
Trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to disinfection by-products in drinking water: a human exposure trial in Adelaide, Australia.
Direct quantification of human serum albumin in human blood serum without separation of gamma-globulin by the total internal reflected resonance light scattering of thorium-sodium dodecylbenzene sulfonate at water/tetrachloromethane interface.
Biological monitoring of workers exposed to dichloromethane, using head-space gas chromatography.
LC-MS and NMR determination of a dichloromethane artifact adduct, cyproheptadine chloromethochloride.
Urinary levels of trichloroacetic acid, a disinfection by-product in chlorinated drinking water, in a human reference population.
Effect of trihalomethane exposure on fetal development.
Altered gene expression in mouse livers after dichloroacetic acid exposure.
Induction of transitional cell hyperplasia in the urinary bladder and aberrant crypt foci in the colon of rats treated with individual and a mixture of drinking water disinfection by-products.
Plasma binding of trichloroacetic acid in mice, rats, and humans under cancer bioassay and environmental exposure conditions.
Trihalomethane levels in home tap water and semen quality.
Simultaneous determination of trace levels of nine haloacetic acids in biological samples as their pentafluorobenzyl derivatives by gas chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry in electron capture negative ion chemical ionization mode.
Serum hormone characterization and exogeneous hormone rescue of bromodichloromethane-induced pregnancy loss in the F344 rat.
Formation and mass spectrometric analysis of DNA and nucleoside adducts by S-(1-acetoxymethyl)glutathione and by glutathione S-transferase-mediated activation of dihalomethanes.
Therapeutic effects of glucose infusion on monochloroacetic acid exposure in rats.
Chronic exposure to dibromoacetic acid, a water disinfection byproduct, diminishes primordial follicle populations in the rabbit.
Formic acid excretion in rats and mice exposed to bromodichloromethane: a possible link to renal tubule cell proliferation in long-term studies.
Determination of trace-level haloacetic acids in drinking water by ion chromatography-inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry.
Urinary excretion half life of trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to chlorinated drinking water disinfection by-products.
Systemic effects and skin injury after experimental dermal exposure to monochloroacetic acid.
Analysis of dichloroacetic acid in rat blood and tissues by hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry.
Twenty-week exposures to the drinking water disinfection by-product dibromoacetic acid: reproductive cyclicity and steroid concentrations in the female Sprague-Dawley rat.
A review of analytical methods for the determination of trichloroethylene and its major metabolites chloral hydrate, trichloroacetic acid and dichloroacetic acid.
Determination of dichloromethane, trichloroethylene and perchloroethylene in urine samples by headspace solid phase microextraction gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Measurement of trihalomethanes and methyl tert-butyl ether in whole blood using gas chromatography with high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Tribromomethane exposure and dietary folate deficiency in the formation of aberrant crypt foci in the colons of F344/N rats.
Influence of tap water quality and household water use activities on indoor air and internal dose levels of trihalomethanes.
NOx formation in the plasma treatment of halomethanes.
Changes in breath trihalomethane levels resulting from household water-use activities.
Green chemistry in urinalysis for trichloroethanol and trichloroacetic acid as markers of exposure to chlorinated hydrocarbon solvents.
Changes in blood trihalomethane concentrations resulting from differences in water quality and water use activities.
Development of physiologically based toxicokinetic models for improving the human indoor exposure assessment to water contaminants: trichloroethylene and trihalomethanes.
Sensitive headspace gas chromatography-mass spectrometry determination of trihalomethanes in urine.
Lack of formic acid production in rat hepatocytes and human renal proximal tubule cells exposed to chloral hydrate or trichloroacetic acid.
Strong interference of hemoglobin concentration on CSF total protein measurement using the trichloroacetic acid precipitation method.
Chronic exposure to low levels of dibromoacetic acid, a water disinfection by-product, adversely affects reproductive function in male rabbits.
A comparison of three solvent-free techniques coupled with gas chromatography for determining trihalomethanes in urine samples.
Elevation protective role of Camellia sinensis and Urtica dioica infusion against trichloroacetic acid-exposed in rats.
Disposition of bromodichloromethane in humans following oral and dermal exposure.
Analysis of DNA adducts formed in vivo in rats and mice from 1,2-dibromoethane, 1,2-dichloroethane, dibromomethane, and dichloromethane using HPLC/accelerator mass spectrometry and relevance to risk estimates.
Determination of chemopreventive role of Foeniculum vulgare and Salvia officinalis infusion on trichloroacetic acid-induced increased serum marker enzymes lipid peroxidation and antioxidative defense systems in rats.
Simple and sensitive quantification of bioactive peptides in biological matrices using liquid chromatography/selected reaction monitoring mass spectrometry coupled with trichloroacetic acid clean-up.
Maternal exposure to water disinfection by-products during gestation and risk of hypospadias.
Case-control study of the effects of trihalomethanes on urinary bladder cancer risk.
Exogenous and endogenous determinants of blood trihalomethane levels after showering.
Relationships between the concentrations of trichloroacetic acid-soluble copper and caeruloplasmin in the serum of cattle from areas with different soil concentrations of molybdenum.
Evaluation of associations between lifetime exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products and bladder cancer in dogs.
Alveolar air and urine analyses as biomarkers of exposure to trihalomethanes in an indoor swimming pool.
Hepatoprotective role and antioxidant capacity of pomegranate (Punica granatum) flowers infusion against trichloroacetic acid-exposed in rats.
Total internal reflected resonance light scattering determination of protein in human blood serum at water/tetrachloromethane interface with Arsenazo-TB and Cetyltrimethylammonium bromide.
Contribution of trichloroacetic acid to liver tumors observed in perchloroethylene (perc)-exposed mice.
Impact of water stagnation in residential cold and hot water plumbing on concentrations of trihalomethanes and haloacetic acids.
Validation of urinary trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products.
Public health interpretation of trihalomethane blood levels in the United States: NHANES 1999-2004.
Reliability of using urinary and blood trichloroacetic acid as a biomarker of exposure to chlorinated drinking water disinfection byproducts.
Evaluation of two different metabolic hypotheses for dichloromethane toxicity using physiologically based pharmacokinetic modeling for in vivo inhalation gas uptake data exposure in female B6C3F1 mice.
Trichloroacetic acid in urine as biological exposure equivalent for low exposure concentrations of trichloroethene.
Determination of haloacetic acids in human urine by headspace gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Genotoxic effects in swimmers exposed to disinfection by-products in indoor swimming pools.
Urinary trichloroacetic acid levels and semen quality: a hospital-based cross-sectional study in Wuhan, China.
Individual exposures to drinking water trihalomethanes, low birth weight and small for gestational age risk: a prospective Kaunas cohort study.
Haloacetic acids in swimming pools: swimmer and worker exposure.
Environmental and urinary markers of prenatal exposure to drinking water disinfection by-products, fetal growth, and duration of gestation in the PELAGIE birth cohort (Brittany, France, 2002-2006).
Decreased birth weight in relation to maternal urinary trichloroacetic acid levels.
Oral administration of potassium bromate, a major water disinfection by-product, induces oxidative stress and impairs the antioxidant power of rat blood.
Comparison of trihalomethanes in tap water and blood: a case study in the United States.
Trihalomethanes in chlorine and bromine disinfected swimming pools: air-water distributions and human exposure.
The influence of physicochemical properties on the internal dose of trihalomethanes in humans following a controlled showering exposure.
Accounting for the impact of short-term variations in the levels of trihalomethane in drinking water on exposure assessment for epidemiological purposes. Part II: biological aspects.
Exposure to drinking water trihalomethanes and their association with low birth weight and small for gestational age in genetically susceptible women.
Baseline blood trihalomethanes, semen parameters and serum total testosterone: a cross-sectional study in China.
Tandem mass spectrometry study of C-phenyl-N-tert-butyl nitrone spin adducts from in vitro rat liver microsomal metabolism of bromotrichloromethane and carbon tetrachloride.
Nonthermal Plasma Chemical Processing of Bromomethane.
