Relationship between the carbohydrate content of apoproteins of VLDL, IDL, and LDL and the plasma level of these lipoproteins in man. Short dietary effect.
Infant blood pressure and heart rate: relation to ethnic group (black or white), nutrition and electrolyte intake.
Plasma nitrazepam concentrations after an acute intake and their correlation to sedation and serum growth hormone levels.
Association between plasma and liver vitamin A levels in the calf; weanling pig, rabbit and rat; and adult goat fed fixed intakes of vitamin A.
Relationship between facial flushing and blood acetaldehyde levels after alcohol intake.
Oxygen consumption and recovery from surgical shock in rats: a comparison of the efficacy of different plasma substitutes.
Correlation of pharyngeal fistulization with preoperative radiotherapy, reduced serum albumen, and dietary obstruction.
Measurement of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in serum and its relation to sunshine, age and vitamin D intake in the Danish population.
Blood glucose levels in portal and peripheral circulation and their relation to food intake in the rat.
25-hydroxyvitamin D and calcium levels in maternal, cord and infant serum in relation to maternal vitamin D intake.
Nutrition survey of Finnish rural children. IV. Serum cholesterol values in relation to dietary variables.
The relationship of respiratory failure to the oxygen consumption of, lactate production by, and distribution of blood flow among respiratory muscles during increasing inspiratory resistance.
Urinary p-tyramine in hereditary tyrosinemia: I. Levels as compared to normal individuals, effect of diet, and relationship to urinary tyrosine.
Postprandial plasma lysine as an indicator of dietary lysine adequacy in infants.
Dose-response relationships between amino acid intake and blood levels in newborn infants.
A comparison of insulin binding by liver plasma membranes of rats fed a high glucose diet or a high fat diet.
Accelerated hypertension in the rat: relation between renin, renal vascular lesions, salt intake and blood pressure.
Complement consumption in fresh blood sera by double culture of Paramecium caudatum and Aerobacter cloacae compared with survival and stage of disease in some malignant tumors in man.
Effect of an energy-reduced dietary regimen in relation to adipose tissue cellularity in obese women.
Correlation between the plasma tryptophan to neutral amino acid ratio and protein intake in the self-selecting weanling rat.
Laboratory diagnosis of the atopic condition: evaluation of a possible method based on human serum complement consumption.
Validation of a new quality of life questionnaire for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Human and dog erythrocytes: relationship between cellular ATP levels, ATP consumption and potassium concentrations.
Chronic alcohol intake induces reversible disturbances on cellular Na+ metabolism in humans: its relationship with changes in blood pressure.
Changes in neurotransmitter levels associated with the deficiency of some essential amino acids in the diet.
Changes in markers of alcohol intake in man below 'safe' drinking levels.
Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol: a possible marker of recent alcohol consumption.
Effects of aging and dietary restriction on tissue protein synthesis: relationship to plasma insulin-like growth factor-1.
Selenium content of wheat for bread making in Scotland and the relationship between glutathione peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.9) levels in whole blood and bread consumption.
Association of serum lipoproteins and health-related habits with coffee and tea consumption in free-living subjects examined in the Israeli CORDIS Study.
Tea consumption. relationship to cholesterol, blood pressure, and coronary and total mortality.
Alcohol intake in relation to lipids, lipoproteins and blood pressure.
Relationship of catecholamine excretion to body size, obesity, and nutrient intake in middle-aged and elderly men.
Alcohol consumption and biological markers for alcoholism in idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy: a case-controlled study.
Comparison of the effect of the amount and degree of unsaturation of dietary fat on plasma low density lipoproteins in vervet monkeys.
Trans-fatty acid intake in relation to serum lipid concentrations in adult men.
Gas chromatographic profiles of plasma total lipids as indicators of dietary history. Correlation with carbohydrate and alcohol intake based on 24-h dietary recall.
The relationship of blood lactate concentrations, oxygen delivery and oxygen consumption in septic shock and the adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Predictions of energy intake and energy allowance of patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and their validity.
Prospective estimation of IgG, IgG subclass and IgE antibodies to dietary proteins in infants with cow milk allergy. Levels of antibodies to whole milk protein, BLG and ovalbumin in relation to repeated milk challenge and clinical course of cow milk allergy.
Dose-response relationships between dietary (n-3) fatty acids and plasma and tissue lipids, steroid excretion and urinary malondialdehyde in rats.
The association between moderate alcoholic beverage consumption and serum estradiol and testosterone levels in normal postmenopausal women: relationship to the literature.
Inverse association of dietary calcium with systolic blood pressure in young children.
Dietary lipids and the low blood cholesterol-cancer association.
Cholesterol-rich diet induced changes in plasma lipids in relation to apolipoprotein E phenotype in healthy students.
Relationships between blood pressure and measures of dietary energy intake, physical fitness, and physical activity in Australian children aged 11-12 years.
Assessment of sun sensitivity by questionnaire: validity of items and formulation of a prediction rule.
Nutrient intake and biochemical markers of nutritional status during long-term follow-up after total and partial gastrectomy.
Laboratory markers of ethanol intake and abuse: a critical appraisal.
Acetaldehyde-modified hemoglobin as a marker of alcohol consumption: comparison of two new methods.
Detection of the relationship between moderate alcoholic beverage consumption and serum levels of estradiol in normal postmenopausal women: effects of alcohol consumption quantitation methods and sample size adequacy.
Blood lipids: the relationship with alcohol intake, smoking, and body weight.
The assessment of the relationship between blood pressure and sodium intake using whole-day, daytime and overnight urine collections.
Serum bile acids in relation to disease activity and intake of dietary fibers in juvenile ulcerative colitis.
Relationship between dietary factors and blood pressure in China. The Sino-Japan CARDIAC Cooperative Research Group.
Effect of dietary tryptophan on muscle, liver and whole-body protein synthesis in weaned piglets: relationship to plasma insulin.
Comparison between the effects of dietary saturated (16:0), monounsaturated (18:1), and polyunsaturated (18:2) fatty acids on plasma lipoprotein metabolism in cebus and rhesus monkeys fed cholesterol-free diets.
IgG subclass antibodies to dietary antigens in IgA deficiency quantification and correlation with serum IgG subclass levels.
Differential reduction of plasma cholesterol by the American Heart Association Phase 3 Diet in moderately hypercholesterolemic, premenopausal women with different body mass indexes.
A case-control study of nutrient status and invasive cervical cancer. I. Dietary indicators.
Relationship between dietary, serum, and tissue levels of carotenoids.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum: a new marker of potentially harmful alcohol consumption reviewed.
Fish diet and physical fitness in relation to membrane and serum lipids, prostanoid metabolism and platelet aggregation in female students.
Long-term storage of red blood cells and correlations between red cell and dietary fatty acids: results from a pilot study.
The correlation between serum total cholesterol and some trace elements in serum, liver and heart of rats fed high cholesterol diet.
Studies of urine-associated acetaldehyde as a marker for alcohol intake in mice.
Fluid intake during an ultramarathon running race: relationship to plasma volume and serum sodium and potassium.
The relationship between splanchnic oxygen consumption and blood supply.
Cadmium in induced hair of the rat and its relation to the level in the diet and in the major organs during long-term exposure to cadmium in the subtoxic and toxic range.
Diet-induced changes in glucose and triglycerides are associated with changes in plasminogen activator inhibitor levels.
Alcohol and other dietary factors in relation to serum hormone concentrations in women at climacteric.
Gas chromatographic profiles of plasma total lipids as indicators of dietary history. Correlation with fat intake based on 24-h dietary recall.
Muscle protein turnover in chickens selected for increased growth rate, food consumption or efficiency of food utilisation: effects of genotype and relationship to plasma IGF-I and growth hormone.
Dietary deficiency of vitamin B12 is associated with low serum cobalamin levels in non-vegetarians.
The relationship between coffee consumption and lipid levels in young and older people in the Heidelberg-Michelstadt-Berlin study.
A computerized diet questionnaire for use in diet health education. 1. Development and validation.
Inverse relation between iodine intake and thyroid blood flow: color Doppler flow imaging in euthyroid humans.
Short-term moderate-dose pelvic radiotherapy of advanced bladder carcinoma. A questionnaire-based evaluation of its symptomatic effect.
Is serum gamma-glutamyl transferase a good marker of alcohol intake in stroke patients?
Adipose tissue fatty acid composition and its relations to diet and plasma lipid concentrations in hemodialysis patients.
Studies of whole blood associated acetaldehyde as a marker for alcohol intake: effect of gender in mice.
Selenium in diet, blood, and toenails in relation to human health in a seleniferous area.
Steady-state sodium absorption and chloride secretion of colon and coprodeum, and plasma levels of osmoregulatory hormones in hens in relation to sodium intake.
Relationships of dietary fat consumption to serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in hispanic preschool children.
Relationship between the concentration of cholecystokinin-like immunoreactivity in plasma and food intake in male rats.
Evaluation of branched-chain amino acid intake in children with maple syrup urine disease and methylmalonic aciduria.
Association between habitual coffee consumption and blood pressure levels.
Urinary and serum urea as indicators of protein metabolism in very low birthweight infants fed varying human milk protein intakes.
Alcohol consumption and blood pressure: a comparison of native Japanese to American men.
Effects of winter nutrition and summer pasture or a feedlot diet on plasma insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and the relationship between circulating concentrations of IGF-I and thyroid hormones in steers.
A comparative blinded study in miniature swine of whole blood-, hemoglobin-, platelet-, plasma-, and lymphocyte-associated acetaldehyde as markers for ethanol intake.
Effect of level of dietary protein on arginine-stimulated citrulline synthesis. Correlation with mitochondrial N-acetylglutamate concentrations.
The relationship between dietary intake and urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium: Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
Reduction of plasma cholesterol levels in normal men on an American Heart Association Step 1 diet or a Step 1 diet with added monounsaturated fat.
Age-associated reduction of prostacyclin and thromboxane synthesis is inversely related to plasma cholesterol levels: modulation by dietary cholesterol supplementation.
Subcutaneous adipose-tissue fatty acids and vitamin E in humans: relation to diet and sampling site.
Does "susceptibility" explain the weak epidemiological relationship between dietary sodium and blood pressure?
The relationship between serum lipid levels and nutrient intake in healthy inhabitants of urban and rural Shanghai.
Dietary patterns in 10 groups and the relationship with blood pressure. Collaborative Study Group for Cardiovascular Diseases and Their Risk Factors.
Correlation between niacin equivalent intake and urinary excretion of its metabolites, N'-methylnicotinamide, N'-methyl-2-pyridone-5-carboxamide, and N'-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide, in humans consuming a self-selected food.
Studies of safe maximal daily dietary Se-intake in a seleniferous area in China. Part II: Relation between Se-intake and the manifestation of clinical signs and certain biochemical alterations in blood and urine.
Dietary fish oils increase serum lipids in insulin-dependent diabetics compared with healthy controls.
Comparison of the increment in plasma eicosapentaenoate concentrations by fish oil intake between young and middle-aged volunteers.
Clinical significance of a new isoform of serum alanine aminopeptidase; relationship with liver disease and alcohol consumption.
Serum mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase activity: not useful as a marker of excessive alcohol consumption in an unselected population.
Relationship between serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase activity, blood pressure and alcohol consumption.
Pharmacokinetics of captopril and its effects on blood pressure during acute and chronic administration and in relation to food intake.
Relationship of dietary fat to plasma fatty acids, blood pressure, and urinary eicosanoids in adult men.
Antipsoriatic effect of local corticosteroids--O2-consumption and blood flow measurements compared to clinical parameters.
Regulation of bovine adipose tissue metabolism during lactation. 5. Relationships of lipid synthesis and lipolysis with energy intake and utilization.
Relation between dopaminergic control of pituitary lactotroph function and deceleration of age-related changes in serum prolactin of diet-restricted rats.
Correlation between the DNA damage in urinary bladder epithelium and the urinary 2-phenyl-1,4-benzoquinone levels from F344 rats fed sodium o-phenylphenate in the diet.
Experimental uraemia with associated plasma amino acid abnormalities but without retarded food intake and weight gain.
Heart rate, employment status, and prevalent ischaemic heart disease confound relation between cereal fibre intake and blood pressure.
Diet, alcohol, body mass, and social factors in relation to blood pressure: the Caerphilly Heart Study.
Change in blood pressure in relation to change in nutrients effected by manipulation of dietary sodium and potassium.
Relation between consumption of alcohol and fatty acids esterifying serum cholesterol in healthy men.
Blood lipid variability in relation to relative weight and biochemical markers of tobacco and alcohol consumption.
Serum ferritin as a marker of alcohol consumption in working men.
Relationship of increased food intake and plasma ACTH levels to 5-HT1A receptor activation in rats.
The relations between vitamin D2 and D3 in the diet and plasma 25OHD2 and 25OHD3 in elderly women in Great Britain.
Effects of an elemental diet, inert bulk and different types of dietary fibre on the response of the intestinal epithelium to refeeding in the rat and relationship to plasma gastrin, enteroglucagon, and PYY concentrations.
Vegetarian diet and blood pressure levels: incidental or causal association?
Myoinositol in small preterm infants: relationship between intake and serum concentration.
Controlled evaluation of fat intake in the Mediterranean diet: comparative activities of olive oil and corn oil on plasma lipids and platelets in high-risk patients.
Micro anion exchange chromatography of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum in relation to alcohol consumption (Swedish Patent 8400587-5).
Quantification of plasma lipids and apolipoproteins in British Halflop rabbits. A comparison between normocholesterolemic rabbits, hypercholesterolemic rabbits (modified WHHL rabbits) and rabbits fed an atherogenic diet.
Alcohol intake correlated with serum trace elements.
Relationship between dietary tyrosine and plasma cholesterol in the rat.
Relationship of dietary sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium with blood pressure. Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
Dietary fat in relation to fatty acid composition of red cells and adipose tissue in colorectal cancer.
Associations of alcohol consumption with plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol and its major subfractions: the Caerphilly and Speedwell Collaborative Heart Disease Studies.
The association between blood pressure, age, and dietary sodium and potassium: a population study.
The relation of diet, cigarette smoking, and alcohol consumption to plasma beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol levels.
The relationship of dietary intake and serum levels of retinol and beta-carotene with breast cancer. Results of a case-control study.
Determination of the relationships between psychological stress levels and blood pressure, pulse and respiratory rates, weight and cigarette consumption.
Underestimation of dose--response relationship with particular reference to the relationship between the dietary intake of mercury and its concentration in blood.
The relationship between dietary fat, adipose tissue composition, and neoplasms of the breast.
Exercise and brain catecholamine relationships with brown adipose tissue and whole-body oxygen consumption in rats.
Fatty acid composition of serum lipids and its relation to diet in an elderly institutionalized population.
A comparison of the effects of a macrobiotic diet and a Western diet on drug metabolism and plasma lipids in man.
Coffee consumption is correlated with serum cholesterol in middle-aged Finnish men and women.
Dietary fat and mammary cancer. II. Modulation of serum and tumor lipid composition and tumor prostaglandins by different dietary fats: association with tumor incidence patterns.
Comparison of psychotropic drug intake in two populations in West Germany. Results from the Munich Blood Pressure Study 1980/81 and the Luebeck Blood Pressure Study 1984.
Associations of dietary fat, regional adiposity, and blood pressure in men.
Relationship between serum vitamin D metabolites and dietary intake of phosphate in patients with early renal failure.
A longitudinal investigation of the relationships among alcohol consumption, psychosocial factors, and blood pressure.
Cigarette consumption and serum cotinine in relation to birthweight.
Compared effects of a low and a high sodium diet on the renal and urinary concentration and activity of kallikrein in normal rats.
On the within-population relationship between dietary habits and serum lipid levels in Belgium.
Taurine concentrations in the diet, plasma, urine and breast milk of vegans compared with omnivores.
Urinary excretion of 1-methylhistidine: a qualitative indicator of exogenous 3-methylhistidine and intake of meats from various sources.
Interdependence of associations of physical activity, smoking, and alcohol and coffee consumption with serum high-density lipoprotein and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol--a population study in eastern Finland.
Plasma catecholamines, dietary carbohydrate, and glucose intolerance: a comparison between young and old men.
Relationship between alcohol consumption, body weight, family history of hypertension and blood pressure in young adults.
The relationship of dietary fat to plasma lipid levels as studied by factor analysis of adipose tissue fatty acid composition in a free-living population of middle-aged American men.
Association between dietary fat intake and plasma factor VII coagulant activity--a predictor of cardiovascular mortality.
Relationship between urinary calcium and calcium intake during calcitriol administration.
Urine mutagenicity as an indicator of exposure to dietary mutagens formed during cooking of foods.
Patterns and relationships of plasma calcium, protein and phosphorus during the egg laying cycle of the fowl and the effect of dietary calcium.
The relationship of salt intake and arterial blood pressure in salted-tea drinking Kashmiris.
Relationship of magnesium intake and other dietary factors to blood pressure: the Honolulu heart study.
The association of intakes of vitamin D and calcium with blood pressure among women.
Relation of alcohol, physical activity, dietary fat and smoking to serum HDL and total cholesterol in young Finnish men.
Relation between protein intake, plasma valine, and insulin secretion during early infancy.
Relationship of food intake to the induction of plasma sex steroid-binding protein and testicular activity in immature male little brown bats (Myotis lucifugus lucifugus).
Changes in the concentrations of parathyroid hormone and ionic calcium in the plasma of laying hens during the egg cycle in relation to dietary deficiencies of calcium and vitamin D.
Effects of exposure to salty drinking water in an Arizona community. Cardiovascular mortality, hypertension prevalence, and relationships between blood pressure and sodium intake.
Sister chromatid exchange (SCE) in Greenlandic Eskimos. Dose-response relationship between SCE and seal diet, smoking, and blood cadmium and mercury concentrations.
Alcohol consumption and its relationship to smoking, weight, blood pressure, and blood lipids. The Albany Study.
Trace elements (copper, zinc, manganese, and selenium) in plasma and erythrocytes in relation to dietary intake during infancy.
Dietary cadmium intakes of farmers in nonpolluted areas in Japan, and the relation with blood cadmium levels.
Relationship between zinc intake, physical activity, and blood levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in a healthy elderly population.
Passage of undegraded dietary antigen into the blood of healthy adults. Quantification, estimation of size distribution, and relation of uptake to levels of specific antibodies.
Relationship of blood flow and oxygen consumption to ischemic injury in the canine small intestine.
Relationships among dietary lipid intake, serum cholesterol and ovarian function in Holstein heifers.
Blood pressure development of the spontaneously hypertensive rat after concurrent manipulations of dietary Ca2+ and Na+. Relation to intestinal Ca2+ fluxes.
Long term 'marine diet' in Eskimos is not associated with altered urinary excretion of total tetranor prostaglandin metabolites.
Relationship of diet to the fatty acid composition of human adipose tissue structural and stored lipids.
The need of essential amino acids in children. An evaluation based on the intake of phenylalanine, tyrosine, leucine, isoleucine, and valine in children with phenylketonuria, tyrosine amino transferase defect, and maple syrup urine disease.
Alterations of plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels associated with consumption of selected medications. The Lipid Research Clinics Program Prevalence Study.
Plasma neutral amino acid ratios in normal man and in patients with hepatic encephalopathy: correlations with self-selected protein and energy consumption.
Correlations of serum lipids and lipoproteins with gamma-glutamyltransferase and attitude to alcohol consumption.
Increase of neurophysin II serum levels in chronic alcoholic patients: relationship with alcohol consumption and alcoholism blood markers during withdrawal therapy.
Comparison of blood pressure, sodium intake, and other variables in offspring with and without a family history of high blood pressure.
Consistent parallel relationships among myocardial oxygen consumption, coronary blood flow, and pericardial infusate adenosine concentration with various interventions and beta-blockade in the dog.
Abnormalities of lymphocyte subsets are correlated with concentrate consumption in asymptomatic Italian hemophiliacs treated with concentrates made from American plasma.
Relationship between plasma concentrations of immunoreactive beta-endorphin and food intake in rats.
Chemical renal medullectomy. Effect on urinary prostaglandin E2 and plasma renin in response to variations in sodium intake and in relation to blood pressure.
Plasma hormones (arginine vasotocin, prolactin, aldosterone, and corticosterone) in relation to hydration state, NaCl intake, and egg laying in fowls.
Consumption of 'low-yield' cigarettes: its frequency and relationship to serum thiocyanate.
Chlorinated hydrocarbons in adipose tissue of infants and toddlers: inventory and studies on their association with intake of mothers' milk.
An inverse relationship between plasma carnitine and triglycerides in selected Macaca arctoides and Macaca nemistrina fed a low-fat chow diet.
Urinary malondialdehyde as an indicator of lipid peroxidation in the diet and in the tissues.
Serum lipids and glucose as associated with hemoglobin levels and copper and zinc intake in young adults.
Validation of a dietary questionnaire with plasma carotenoid and alpha-tocopherol levels.
The association of blood pressure and dietary alcohol: differences by age, sex, and estrogen use.
Characteristics of the association between salt intake and blood pressure in a sample of male working population in southern Italy.
Measurements of coronary plasma and pericardial infusate adenosine concentrations during exercise in conscious dog: relationship to myocardial oxygen consumption and coronary blood flow.
Total mercury concentrations in human hair from 13 countries in relation to fish consumption and location.
Relationship of dietary crude protein to composition of uterine secretions and blood in high-producing postpartum dairy cows.
Relationship between polyphenol intake and blood glucose response of normal and diabetic individuals.
The effects of familial relationships, age, body weight, and diet on blood pressure and the 24 hour urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, and creatinine in men, women, and children of randomly selected families.
Hypothesis: discrepancy between intra- and interpopulation studies of the relationship between dietary salt and blood pressure: fact or fiction?
Relation of alcohol and cigarette consumption to blood pressure and serum creatinine levels.
Comparison of the effects of Hepatic-Aid and a Casein modular diet on encephalopathy, plasma amino acids, and nitrogen balance in cirrhotic patients.
Serum fatty acids in 8-year-old Finnish boys: correlations with qualitative dietary data and other serum lipids.
Dietary cholesterol decreases the serum level of zinc: further evidence for the positive relationship between serum zinc and high-density lipoproteins.
Relationship between acid secretion and blood flow in the canine stomach: role of oxygen consumption.
Relation of blood pressure to reported intake of salt, saturated fats, and alcohol in healthy middle-aged population.
Relation of diet to LDL cholesterol, VLDL cholesterol, and plasma total cholesterol and triglycerides in white adults. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
Water and electrolyte composition of urine and ileal fluid and its relationship to renin and aldosterone during dietary sodium deprivation in patients with ileostomies.
Dietary lipids and serum cholesterol level: change in diet confounds the cross-sectional association.
Relation of habitual diet to fasting plasma insulin concentration and the insulin response to oral glucose.
Dietary intake and serum total cholesterol level: their relationship to different lifestyles in several Japanese populations.
Selenium in human hair in relation to age, diet, pathological condition and serum levels.
Plasma lipoprotein concentration as an indicator of fatness in broilers: effect of age and diet.
Dietary cellulose, wheat bran, and fish meal in relation to hepatic lipids, serum lipids, and lipid excretion in laying hens.
Selenium supplementation: plasma glutathione peroxidase an indicator of selenium intake.
Oxygen consumption of human seminal plasma: relationships with semen characteristics.
The pattern of urinary stone disease in Leeds and in the United Kingdom in relation to animal protein intake during the period 1960-1980.
Relationship of serum immunoreactive somatomedin-C to dietary protein and energy in growing rats.
Blood pressure of Qash'qai pastoral nomads in Iran in relation to culture, diet, and body form.
Boron content of plasma and urine as indicators of boron intake in cattle.
Influence of copper supplementation on the relationship between dietary methionine and free plasma methionine.
Levels and interrelationships of serum and lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides. Association with adiposity and the consumption of ethanol, tobacco, and beverages containing caffeine.
Platelet functions in relation to diet and serum lipids in British farmers.
A mathematical relationship between the fatty acid composition of the diet and that of the adipose tissue in man.
Relationship of dietary selenium to selenium in plasma and milk from dairy cows.
The association of plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol with dietary intake and alcohol consumption. The Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study.
A comparison of the effects of dietary short and long chain saturated fatty acids on platelet functions, platelet phospholipids, and blood coagulation in rats.
Quantitative evaluation of plasma-opsonizing activity from the lag period of phagocytosis-connected oxygen consumption by leukocytes in whole blood.
Comparison of energy and nutrient intakes in women with high and low blood pressure levels.
Sex differences in the relationships between obesity, alcohol consumption and cigarette smoking and serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentrations in a normal population.
Effect of a high alpha-linolenate and high linoleate diet on membrane-associated enzyme activities in rat brain--modulation of Na+, K+- ATPase activity at suboptimal concentrations of ATP.
Frequency of consumption of selected indicator foods and serum cholesterol. GISSI-EFRIM investigators. Gruppo Italiano per lo Studio della Sopravvivenza nell'Infarto--Epidemiologia dei Fattori di Rischio dell'Infarto Miocardico.
Dietary intake, plasma levels of antioxidant vitamins, and oxidative stress in relation to coronary artery disease in elderly subjects.
Biochemical validation of a self-administered semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of vegetable intake: the University of Minnesota Cancer Prevention Research Unit Feeding Studies.
Biomarkers of habitual fish intake in adipose tissue.
The relationship between calcium, phosphorus, and sodium intake, race, and blood pressure in children with renal insufficiency: a report of the Growth Failure in Children with Renal Diseases (GFRD) Study.
The associations between alcohol drinking and dietary habits and blood pressure in Japanese men.
Relations between nutrient intake and serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels.
Association between serum lipids and apolipoprotein E phenotype is influenced by diet in a population-based sample of free-living children and young adults: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
High consumption of fatty fish from the Baltic Sea is associated with changes in human lymphocyte subset levels.
Evaluation of the effect of alcohol consumption on erythrocyte lipids and vitamins in a healthy population.
Dietary and plasma branched-chain amino acids in relation to tryptophan: effect on voluntary feed intake and lactation metabolism in the primiparous sow.
Failure to thrive and its relationship to serum vitamin A levels and diet.
Low cholesterol concentrations in free-living elderly subjects: relations with dietary intake and nutritional status.
Relation between beta-carotene intake and plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of carotenoids and retinoids.
Comparison between fat intake assessed by a 3-day food record and phospholipid fatty acid composition of red blood cells: results from the Monitoring of Cardiovascular Disease-Lille Study.
The relationship between dietary factors and serum lipids in Chinese urban and rural populations of Beijing and Guangzhou. PRC-USA Cardiovascular and Cardiopulmonary Research Group.
Induction of dietary iron deficiency in rhesus monkeys: sequential changes in serum ferritin and other biochemical indicators of iron status.
Epidemiologic study of diet and coronary risk factors in relation to central obesity and insulin levels in rural and urban populations of north India.
Correlation of cervical cancer mortality with reproductive and dietary factors, and serum markers in China.
Casual blood pressure in a general Danish population. Relation to age, sex, weight, height, diabetes, serum lipids and consumption of coffee, tobacco and alcohol.
Short-term changes in histomorphometric and biochemical turnover markers and bone mineral density in estrogen-and/or dietary calcium-deficient rats.
Associations between blood pressure and dietary intake and urinary excretion of electrolytes in a Chinese population.
Long-chain polyene status of preterm infants with regard to the fatty acid composition of their diet: comparison between absolute and relative fatty acid levels in plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids.
Relationship of serum cholesterol, dietary and plasma beta-carotene with lung cancer in male smokers.
Independent associations among maternal alcohol consumption and infant thyroxine levels and pregnancy outcome.
von Willebrand factor, a possible indicator of endothelial cell damage, decreases during long-term compliance with a lipid-lowering diet.
Associations of serum and dietary magnesium with cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, insulin, and carotid arterial wall thickness: the ARIC study. Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Changes in plasma lipoprotein concentrations and composition in response to a low-fat, high-fiber diet are associated with changes in serum estrogen concentrations in premenopausal women.
Association of moderate alcohol consumption and plasma concentration of endogenous tissue-type plasminogen activator.
Validation of weighed records and other methods of dietary assessment using the 24 h urine nitrogen technique and other biological markers.
The proportion of trans monounsaturated fatty acids in serum triacylglycerols or platelet phospholipids as an objective indicator of their short-term intake in healthy men.
Iron and zinc nutriture of premenopausal women: associations of diet with serum ferritin and plasma zinc disappearance and of serum ferritin with plasma zinc and plasma zinc disappearance.
The relation of alcohol consumption to serum carotenoid and retinol levels. Effects of withdrawal.
Validation of the food frequency questionnaire with the 4-day record method and analysis of 24-h urinary nitrogen.
Differences exist in the relationships between dietary linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids and their respective long-chain metabolites.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and other markers of high alcohol consumption: a study of 502 patients admitted consecutively to a medical department.
Acute effect of low-calorie and low-carbohydrate diet on serum triiodothyronine-response to glucose ingestion and its relation to glucose tolerance.
Relative effects on serum lipids and apolipoproteins of a caprenin-rich diet compared with diets rich in palm oil/palm-kernel oil or butter.
Biomarkers for assessing environmental exposure to carcinogens in the diet.
Effects of an American Heart Association step I diet and weight loss on lipoprotein lipid levels in obese men with silent myocardial ischemia and reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Correlation between plasma fibrinogen and serum lipids in rats with hyperlipidemia induced by cholesterol free-high fructose or high cholesterol diet.
Milk-alkali syndrome associated with calcium carbonate consumption. Report of 7 patients with parathyroid hormone levels and an estimate of prevalence among patients hospitalized with hypercalcemia.
Elevated cytosolic free calcium concentrations in platelets of hypertensive drinkers: a weak association with alcohol consumption.
Isotopes as host blood markers to measure blood intake by feeding ticks (Acari: Ixodidae).
Evaluation of a mathematical model for predicting the relationship between protein and energy intakes of low-birth-weight infants and the rate and composition of weight gain.
Serum insulin-like growth factor I in a random population sample of men and women: relation to age, sex, smoking habits, coffee consumption and physical activity, blood pressure and concentrations of plasma lipids, fibrinogen, parathyroid hormone and osteocalcin.
Coffee consumption: relationship to blood lipids in middle-aged women.
The relation of smoking, age, relative weight, and dietary intake to serum adrenal steroids, sex hormones, and sex hormone-binding globulin in middle-aged men.
Mammary and renal excretion of purine metabolites in relation to energy intake and milk yield in dairy cows.
Concentrations of folates in ruminal content of steers: responses to a dietary supplement of folic acid in relation with the nature of the diet.
Energy intake and physical activity in relation to indexes of body fat: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
A pilot study on the use of plasma carotenoids and ascorbic acid as markers of compliance to a high fruit and vegetable dietary intervention.
Relationship between dietary intake and plasma concentrations of carotenoids in premenopausal women: application of the USDA-NCI carotenoid food-composition database.
Effect of alcohol consumption on blood antioxidant nutrients and oxidative stress indicators.
Effects of meal intake on the flow velocity in the superior mesenteric artery: evaluation with 2D phase mapping MRI.
Relationship between unbound plasma concentrations and various psychomotor and subjective effects after intakes of diazepam and flunitrazepam.
Diet, serum markers and breast cancer mortality in China.
Effect of dietary vitamin E and selenium deficiency on chicken splenocyte proliferation and cell surface marker expression.
Comparison of dietary casein and soybean protein effects on plasma lipid and gastrin levels, hepatic delta 6-desaturase activity and coronary arteriosclerosis in male Sprague-Dawley rats. A 9-month study.
Effects on blood pressure, glucose, and lipid levels of a high-monounsaturated fat diet compared with a high-carbohydrate diet in NIDDM subjects.
Serum lipid changes associated with modified protein diets: results from the feasibility phase of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study.
Platelet selenium as indicator of wheat selenium intake.
Ethnicity and the relationship of sodium intake to blood pressure.
Dietary glutathione intake in humans and the relationship between intake and plasma total glutathione level.
The relationships of abdominal obesity, hyperinsulinemia and saturated fat intake to serum lipid levels: the Normative Aging Study.
Relation of habitual diet and cardiorespiratory fitness to blood coagulation and fibrinolytic factors.
Alcohol consumption and insulin concentrations. Role of insulin in associations of alcohol intake with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides.
Modeling plasma lipoprotein-bile lipid relationships: differential impact of psyllium and cholestyramine in hamsters fed a lithogenic diet.
A chronic high-salt diet fails to enhance blood pressure reactivity to a tone associated with footshock in SHR, BHR, and WKY rats.
Evaluation of protein intake by dietary diaries and urea-N excretion in children with chronic renal failure. European Study Group for Nutritional Treatment of Chronic Renal Failure in Childhood.
Prune fiber or pectin compared with cellulose lowers plasma and liver lipids in rats with diet-induced hyperlipidemia.
Validation of a short dietary questionnaire and a qualitative fat index for the assessment of fat intake.
Parathyroid hypertensive factor-like activity in human essential hypertension: relationship to plasma renin activity and dietary salt sensitivity.
Association of PAH-DNA adducts in peripheral white blood cells with dietary exposure to polyaromatic hydrocarbons.
Relationship of physical activity, body fat, diet, and blood lipid profile in youths 10-15 yr.
Low platelet glutathione peroxidase activity and serum selenium concentration in patients with chronic renal failure: relations to dialysis treatments, diet and cardiovascular complications.
The accuracy of parental reports of their children's intake of fruits and vegetables: validation of a food frequency questionnaire with serum levels of carotenoids and vitamins C, A, and E.
Citric acid concentration compared to serum parathyroid hormone, 1,25(OH)2D3 and calcitonin during dietary Ca deficiency and rehabilitation enhanced with xylitol in rats.
Relative and biomarker-based validity of a food-frequency questionnaire estimating intake of fats and cholesterol.
Simple relationships exist between dietary linoleate and the n-6 fatty acids of human neutrophils and plasma.
Adipose tissue fatty acids and dietary fat sources in relation to endometrial cancer: a retrospective study of cases in remission, and population-based controls.
Genetic variation associated with differences in the response of plasma apolipoprotein B levels to dietary fibre.
Serum IgA antiendomysium antibody titers as a marker of intestinal involvement and diet compliance in adult celiac sprue.
Comparison of micronutrient intake measured by a dietary questionnaire and biochemical indicators of micronutrient status.
Associations of serum lipids with metabolic control and diet in young subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Finland.
Breast milk chromium and its association with chromium intake, chromium excretion, and serum chromium.
Apolipoprotein E polymorphism is associated with plasma cholesterol response in a 7-day hospitalization study for metabolic and dietary control in NIDDM.
Plasma lipid physical properties in swine fed margarine or butter in relation to dietary magnesium intake.
Omega-3 fatty acids: essential fatty acids with important biological effects, and serum phospholipid fatty acids as markers of dietary omega 3-fatty acid intake.
Toenail selenium as an indicator of selenium intake among middle-aged men in an area with low soil selenium.
Relationship of fluid intake to voluntary micturition and urinary incontinence in geriatric patients.
Evaluation of gender differences in urine specific gravity and serum electrolytes in response to varied fluid intake and ibuprofen use.
Serum carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in patients with chronic liver diseases.
Relations between copper, zinc and selenium intakes and malondialdehyde excretion after major burns.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol abuse: relationship to alcohol consumption, severity of liver disease, and fibrogenesis.
Serum lipids and apolipoproteins from 1 to 15 years: changes with age and puberty, and relationships with diet, parental cholesterol and family history of ischaemic heart disease.
High dietary chloride content associated with loss of therapeutic serum bromide concentrations in an epileptic dog.
Low-fat diets do not lower plasma cholesterol levels in healthy men compared to high-fat diets with similar fatty acid composition at constant caloric intake.
Endomysial antibodies as unreliable markers for slight dietary transgressions in adolescents with celiac disease.
Colonic fermentation of complex dietary carbohydrates in short-bowel patients. No association with hydrogen excretion and fecal and plasma short-chain fatty acids.
Icterus in bob veal calves and its association with lack of colostrum intake and high serum creatine kinase activity.
Serum fatty acid composition in normal Japanese and its relationship with dietary fish and vegetable oil contents and blood lipid levels.
Association of dietary factors and selected plasma variables with sex hormone-binding globulin in rural Chinese women.
Relationship of diet, abdominal obesity, and physical activity to plasma lipoprotein levels in Asian Indian physicians residing in the United States.
A urinary marker of alcohol intake.
Moderate alcohol consumption and its relation to visceral fat and plasma androgens in healthy women.
Dietary cholesterol induces transient changes in plasma nitrate levels in rabbits that are correlated to microcirculatory changes.
Relation of energy, fat, and fiber intakes to plasma concentrations of estrogens and androgens in premenopausal women.
The relationship of blood lead and dietary calcium to blood pressure in the normative aging study.
Relationship between blood lead and dietary iron intake in preschool children. A cross-sectional study.
Total and inorganic mercury in breast milk in relation to fish consumption and amalgam in lactating women.
Repeatability and validity of the Rose questionnaire for angina pectoris in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Relation of dietary intake and serum levels of vitamin D to progression of osteoarthritis of the knee among participants in the Framingham Study.
Relationships between depressive symptoms, anxiety, alcohol consumption, and blood pressure: results from the CARDIA Study. Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study.
Dietary intake of micronutrient antioxidants in relation to blood levels in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire used to assess nutrient intakes in pregnant women.
Relation of a seafood diet to mercury, selenium, arsenic, and polychlorinated biphenyl and other organochlorine concentrations in human milk.
Sex differences in macular pigment optical density: relation to plasma carotenoid concentrations and dietary patterns.
Relationship between serum ferritin, alcohol intake, and social status in 2235 Danish men and women.
Relationship between dietary iron intake, corrected for diet reporting error, and serum ferritin in Danish women aged 35-65 years.
The ICS-'BPH' Study: the psychometric validity and reliability of the ICSmale questionnaire.
Daily rhythm of NaCl intake in rats fed low-Ca2+ diet: relation to plasma and urinary minerals and hormones.
Very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids as biomarkers for intake of fish and n-3 fatty acid concentrates.
The correlation between the intake of lutein, lycopene and beta-carotene from vegetables and fruits, and blood plasma concentrations in a group of women aged 50-65 years in the UK.
Determination of selenium in the serum of healthy Swiss adults and correlation to dietary intake.
Dietary calcium salts as protective agents and laminin P1 as a biochemical marker in chemically induced colon carcinogenesis in rats.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in the blood as markers for ethanol intake.
Inverse relation of dietary protein markers with blood pressure. Findings for 10,020 men and women in the INTERSALT Study. INTERSALT Cooperative Research Group. INTERnational study of SALT and blood pressure.
Plasma antioxidant consumption associated with ischemia/reperfusion during carotid endarterectomy.
Alcohol dependence: is carbohydrate-deficient transferrin a marker for alcohol intake?
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol intake: a study with healthy subjects.
Correlation between biomarkers of omega-3 fatty acid consumption and questionnaire data in African American and Caucasian United States males with and without prostatic carcinoma.
Vitamin B-6 status indicators decrease in women consuming a diet high in pyridoxine glucoside.
Biological markers of alcohol consumption and effect of calcitonin in nonalcoholic men: a prospective, double-blind study.
Relationship between alcohol intake and immunoglobulin a immunoreactivity with acetaldehyde-modified bovine serum albumin.
Serum and ascitic levels of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis: relation to biochemical markers of disease activity and alcohol intake.
Dietary sunflower oil reduces plasma and liver triacylglycerols in fasting rats and is associated with decreased liver microsomal phosphatidate phosphohydrolase activity.
The role of socioeconomic status and serum fatty acids in the relationship between intake of animal foods and cardiovascular risk factors.
Dietary fat in relation to body fat and intraabdominal adipose tissue: a cross-sectional analysis.
Relationship of plasma renin activity with caffeine intake and physical training in mild hypertensive men. HARVEST Study Group.
Effect of a vegan diet on biomarkers of chemoprevention in females.
Relationship to blood pressure of combinations of dietary macronutrients. Findings of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT).
Relationship between serum lipids and dietary and non-dietary factors in a Chinese population.
Fat, cholesterol, fiber and sodium intakes of US population: evaluation of diets reported in 1987-88 Nationwide Food Consumption Survey.
Serum lipid profile in relation to milk consumption in a Japanese population.
Relationship of plasma leptin to plasma insulin and adiposity in normal weight and overweight women: effects of dietary fat content and sustained weight loss.
Relation of caffeine intake and blood caffeine concentrations during pregnancy to fetal growth: prospective population based study.
Relation of changes in dietary lipids and weight, trial years 1-6, to changes in blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Relation of dietary carbohydrates to blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Relation of dietary fiber to blood lipids in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Relation of body mass and alcohol, nutrient, fiber, and caffeine intakes to blood pressure in the special intervention and usual care groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial.
Melatonin concentrations in serum and tissues of porcine gastrointestinal tract and their relationship to the intake and passage of food.
Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol following acute ethanol consumption: clinical evaluation and potential aviation applications.
Association between blood pressure and dietary factors in the dietary and nutritional survey of British adults.
Elaidic and trans-vaccenic acids in plasma phospholipids as indicators of dietary intake of 18:1 trans-fatty acids.
Evaluation of energy intake estimated by a diet history in three free-living 70 year old populations in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Higher high density lipoprotein cholesterol associated with moderate alcohol consumption is not related to altered plasma lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase and lipid transfer protein activity levels.
Effect of diet on milk allantoin and its relationship with urinary allantoin in dairy cows.
In vivo indicators of pathologic ruminal sulfide production in steers with diet-induced polioencephalomalacia.
A long-term study on the effect of spontaneous consumption of reduced fat products as part of a normal diet on indicators of health.
Using biochemical markers to assess the validity of prospective dietary assessment methods and the effect of energy adjustment.
Urinary biochemical markers of dietary intake in the INTERSALT study.
Indexes of food and nutrient intakes as predictors of serum concentrations of nutrients: the problem of inadequate discriminant validity. The Polyp Prevention Trial Study Group.
Evaluation of differential effects of carbohydrate and fat intake on weight gain, serum IGF-1 and erythrocyte Na+K+ATPase activity in suboptimal nutrition in rats.
Reducing saturated fat intake is associated with increased levels of LDL receptors on mononuclear cells in healthy men and women.
Fat and fiber intakes in relation to serum estrogen concentration in premenopausal Japanese women.
The Northwest Lipid Research Clinic Fat Intake Scale: validation and utility.
Relationships between dietary intakes and fasting plasma concentrations of fat-soluble vitamins in humans.
Association between salt intake, heart rate and blood pressure.
Pilot phase studies on the accuracy of dietary intake measurements in the EPIC project: overall evaluation of results. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
The Dutch EPIC food frequency questionnaire. II. Relative validity and reproducibility for nutrients.
The relative validity of vitamin intakes derived from a food frequency questionnaire compared to 24-hour recalls and biological measurements: results from the EPIC pilot study in Germany. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a diet history questionnaire in Spain. III. Biochemical markers. EPIC Group of Spain. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Reproducibility and relative validity of an extensive semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire using dietary records and biochemical markers among Greek schoolteachers.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a food frequency dietary questionnaire for use in the Italian EPIC centres.
The Malm Food Study: validity of two dietary assessment methods for measuring nutrient intake.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin: an investigative biochemical marker of heavy alcohol consumption.
A comparison of resting metabolic rate, self-rated food intake, growth hormone, and insulin levels in obese and nonobese preadolescents.
Modelling the associations of BMI physical activity and diet with arterial blood pressure: some results from the Allied Dunbar National Fitness Survey.
Dietary fibers modulate indices of intestinal immune function in rats.
Relationship of alcohol use, physical activity and dietary habits with serum carotenoids, retinol and alpha-tocopherol among male Japanese smokers.
Serum beta-carotene and vitamin C as biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intakes in a community-based sample of French adults.
Green tea intake in relation to serum lipid levels in Middle-aged Japanese men and women.
The dose-response relationship between cigarette consumption, biochemical markers and risk of lung cancer.
Pilots' knowledge of the relationship between alcohol consumption and levels of blood alcohol concentration.
Serum IgA, IgG, and IgM antibodies directed against acetaldehyde-derived epitopes: relationship to liver disease severity and alcohol consumption.
The association between dietary patterns and cardio vascular disease risk indicators in healthy youngsters: results covering fifteen years of longitudinal development.
Fatty acids in serum cholesteryl esters as quantitative biomarkers of dietary intake in humans.
Comparison of blood oxygenation and cerebral blood flow effects in fMRI: estimation of relative oxygen consumption change.
Relationship of urinary arsenic to intake estimates and a biomarker of effect, bladder cell micronuclei.
Reliability and comparability of three dietary assessment methods for estimating fruit and vegetable intakes.
Serum copper in institutionalized elderly subjects: relations with dietary intake of energy, specific nutrients and haematological parameters.
Dietary practices and lipid intake in relation to plasma lipid profile in Hong Kong Chinese.
Fatty acid ethyl esters: short-term and long-term serum markers of ethanol intake.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in male patients with liver disease.
Intake and indicators of iron and zinc status in children consuming diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol: the STRIP baby study. Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project for Babies.
Relationship between ambulatory and resting blood pressure responses to dietary salt restriction in normotensive men.
Elevated blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats consuming a high sucrose diet is associated with elevated angiotensin II and is reversed by vanadium.
Vitamin C in human and guinea pig aqueous, lens and plasma in relation to intake.
Use of urinary cotinine and questionnaires in the evaluation of infant exposure to tobacco smoke in epidemiologic studies.
Chemical composition and microstructure of uroliths and urinary sediment crystals associated with the feeding of high-level cottonseed meal diet to water buffalo calves.
Higher milk intake during pregnancy is associated with lower maternal and umbilical cord lead levels in postpartum women.
Alterations in tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interferon-gamma, and interleukin-6 production by natural killer cell-enriched peripheral blood mononuclear cells in chronic alcoholism: relationship with liver disease and ethanol intake.
Studies on some trace and minor elements in blood. A survey of the Kalpakkam (India) population. Part III: Studies on dietary intake and its correlation to blood levels.
Development and validation of the diabetes fear of injecting and self-testing questionnaire (D-FISQ): first findings.
Intestinal fatty acid-binding protein variation associated with variation in the response of plasma lipoproteins to dietary fibre.
Changes in vitamin B-6 status indicators of women fed a constant protein diet with varying levels of vitamin B-6.
Breath-hold R2* mapping with a multiple gradient-recalled echo sequence: application to the evaluation of intrarenal oxygenation.
Comparison of a carbohydrate-rich diet and diets rich in stearic or palmitic acid in NIDDM patients. Effects on lipids, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure.
In the early stage of major burns, is there a correlation between survival, interleukin-6 levels and oxygen delivery and consumption?
Comparison between tsetse fly synthetic diet and bovine blood on reproduction and survivorship in Tabanus nigrovittatus (Diptera: Tabanidae).
The relation between dietary intake and adipose tissue composition of selected fatty acids in US women.
Decreased serum total cholesterol concentration is associated with high intake of soy products in Japanese men and women.
Decreased serum estradiol concentration associated with high dietary intake of soy products in premenopausal Japanese women.
A urinary biomarker for uptake of dietary isothiocyanates in humans.
Isoflavonoid levels in spot urine are associated with frequency of dietary soy intake in a population-based sample of middle-aged and older Chinese in Singapore.
Serum caffeine and paraxanthine as markers for reported caffeine intake in pregnancy.
Association of coffee, green tea, and caffeine intakes with serum concentrations of estradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin in premenopausal Japanese women.
Plasma arachidonic acid and serum thromboxane B2 concentrations in phenylketonuric children are correlated with dietary compliance.
Associations of plasma carotenoid concentrations and dietary intake of specific carotenoids in samples of two prospective cohort studies using a new carotenoid database.
Objective assessment of smoking habits by urinary cotinine measurement in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes. Reliability of reported cigarette consumption and relationship to urinary albumin excretion.
Chemopreventive potential of thiol conjugates of isothiocyanates for lung cancer and a urinary biomarker of dietary isothiocyanates.
Methylmercury and inorganic mercury in serum--correlation to fish consumption and dental amalgam in a cohort of women born in 1922.
Oxidative DNA damage levels in blood from women at high risk for breast cancer are associated with dietary intakes of meats, vegetables, and fruits.
Blood levels of total and organic mercury in residents of the upper St. Lawrence River basin, Qubec: association with age, gender, and fish consumption.
Reliability and validity of a macronutrient self-selection paradigm and a food preference questionnaire.
Validity of a self-administered diet history questionnaire for assessment of sodium and potassium: comparison with single 24-hour urinary excretion.
Response of several markers of bone collagen degradation to calcium supplementation in postmenopausal women with low calcium intake.
Dietary intake and blood levels of lycopene: association with cervical dysplasia among non-Hispanic, black women.
A comparison of the effect of free access to reduced fat products or their full fat equivalents on food intake, body weight, blood lipids and fat-soluble antioxidants levels and haemostasis variables.
Evaluation of a biological marker of dairy fat intake.
Enhanced responsiveness of blood pressure to sodium intake and to angiotensin II is associated with insulin resistance in IDDM patients with microalbuminuria.
The reduction in alcohol intake in rats by isoproterenol is attenuated by indomethacin but not enalapril: relationship to blood glucose levels.
Dietary assessment in the elderly: validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire.
Addition of guar gum and soy protein increases the efficacy of the American Heart Association (AHA) step I cholesterol-lowering diet without reducing high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in non-human primates.
The association of increasing dietary concentrations of fish oil with hepatotoxic effects and a higher degree of aorta atherosclerosis in the ad lib.-fed rabbit.
Relation between dietary fiber consumption and fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1: The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
A three-day weighed food record and a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire are valid measures for assessing the folate and vitamin B-12 intakes of women aged 16 to 19 years.
Relationship of serum neutral endopeptidase E.C.3.4.24.11 activity to alcohol consumption.
Plasma and CSF benzodiazepine receptor ligand concentrations in cirrhotic patients with hepatic encephalopathy: relationship to severity of encephalopathy and to pharmaceutical benzodiazepine intake.
U-shape relationship between change in dietary cholesterol absorption and plasma lipoprotein responsiveness and evidence for extreme interindividual variation in dietary cholesterol absorption in humans.
Phosphatidylethanol in blood as a marker of ethanol consumption in healthy volunteers: comparison with other markers.
Smoking, obesity, and hypertension alter the dose-response curve and test sensitivity of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol intake.
Relationships between dietary fat, body fat, and serum lipid profile in prepubertal children.
Energy intake and expenditure: validation of a diet history by heart rate monitoring, activity diary and doubly labeled water.
Assessment of trans-fatty acid intake with a food frequency questionnaire and validation with adipose tissue levels of trans-fatty acids.
Relationship between urinary calcium and net acid excretion as determined by dietary protein and potassium: a review.
Effect of the heme/heme oxygenase pathway on the relationship between salt consumption and blood pressure.
Pentadecanoic acid in serum as a marker for intake of milk fat: relations between intake of milk fat and metabolic risk factors.
Effect of fruit juice intake on urinary quercetin excretion and biomarkers of antioxidative status.
Uncertainty analysis methods for comparing predictive models and biomarkers: A case study of dietary methyl mercury exposure.
Reproducibility and validity of dietary patterns assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire.
Carotenoid intakes, assessed by dietary questionnaire, are associated with plasma carotenoid concentrations in an elderly population.
Effect of carbohydrate intake on serum 3,5,3'-triiodothyronine-response to glucose ingestion and its relation to glucose tolerance in lean non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients.
Boron tolerable intake: re-evaluation of toxicokinetics for data-derived uncertainty factors.
Lipoprotein(a) and dietary proteins: casein lowers lipoprotein(a) concentrations as compared with soy protein.
Ethyl glucuronide--a marker of alcohol consumption and a relapse marker with clinical and forensic implications.
Effect of cola consumption on urinary biochemical and physicochemical risk factors associated with calcium oxalate urolithiasis.
Reliability and relative validity of fish consumption data obtained in an exposure assessment study among Montreal-area sportfishers.
Relationships of fasting and postload glucose levels to sex and alcohol consumption. Are American Diabetes Association criteria biased against detection of diabetes in women?
Biomarkers for establishing a tolerable upper intake level for vitamin C.
The effect of dietary protein on reproduction in the mare. VII. Embryonic development, early embryonic death, foetal losses and their relationship with serum progestagen.
Relationship of serum and dietary magnesium to incident hypertension: the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study.
Dose-dependent inverse relationship between alcohol consumption and serum Lp(a) levels in black African males.
Comparison of three methods for estimating daily individual discretionary salt intake: 24 hour recall, duplicate-portion method, and urinary lithium-labelled household salt excretion.
Dietary iron overload and induced lipid peroxidation are associated with impaired plasma lipid transport and hepatic sterol metabolism in rats.
Alterations in bovine serum biochemistry profiles associated with prolonged consumption of endophyte-infected tall fescue.
Study of diet, biomarkers and cancer risk in the United States, China and Costa Rica.
Relationships between bone mineral density, serum vitamin D metabolites and calcium:phosphorus intake in healthy perimenopausal women.
Validation of a questionnaire method for estimating extent of menstrual blood loss in young adult women.
Does degree of obesity influence the validity of reported energy and protein intake? Results from the SOS Dietary Questionnaire. Swedish Obese Subjects.
Evaluation of changes in intrarenal oxygenation in rats using multiple gradient-recalled echo (mGRE) sequence.
Relation between the intake of milk fat and the occurrence of conjugated linoleic acid in human adipose tissue.
Effects of high compared with low calcium intake on calcium absorption and incorporation of iron by red blood cells in small children.
Evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire with weighed records, fatty acids, and alpha-tocopherol in adipose tissue and serum.
Is carbohydrate deficient transferrin a useful marker of harmful alcohol intake among surgical patients?
Green tea extract decreases plasma malondialdehyde concentration but does not affect other indicators of oxidative stress, nitric oxide production, or hemostatic factors during a high-linoleic acid diet in healthy females.
Relationship between smoking, dietary intakes and plasma levels of vitamin E and beta-carotene in matched maternal-cord pairs.
Dietary intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids and indices of oxidative stress in human volunteers.
Carotenoids in young and elderly healthy humans: dietary intakes, biochemical status and diet-plasma relationships.
A pilot study of garlic consumption shows no significant effect on markers of oxidation or sub-fraction composition of low-density lipoprotein including lipoprotein(a) after allowance for non-compliance and the placebo effect.
Validation of a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire administered in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) Study: comparison of energy, protein, and macronutrient intakes estimated with the doubly labeled water, urinary nitrogen, and repeated 24-h dietary recall methods.
An evaluation of salt intake and iodine nutrition in a rural and urban area of the Cte d'Ivoire.
Gender differences in food and nutrient intakes and status indices from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Evaluation of urinary cadmium and lead as markers of background exposure of middle-aged women in Korea: dietary intake as an influential factor.
Antibiotic susceptibility of staphylococci isolated in blood cultures in relation to antibiotic consumption in hospital wards.
Functional biochemical and nutrient indices in frail elderly people are partly affected by dietary supplements but not by exercise.
Reproducibility and biomarker-based validity and responsiveness of a food frequency questionnaire to estimate protein intake.
Relative versus absolute carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in patients with acute alcoholic hepatitis.
Brown adipose tissue response to cafeteria diet-feeding involves induction of the UCP2 gene and is impaired in female rats as compared to males.
The oral nitrate and nitrite intake in The Netherlands: evaluation of the results obtained by HPIC analysis of duplicate 24-hour diet samples collected in 1994.
Plasma carotenoids are biomarkers of long-term high vegetable intake in women with breast cancer.
Effect of increased vegetable and fruit consumption on markers of oxidative cellular damage.
Effects of dietary protein type on oxidized cholesterol-induced alteration in age-related modulation of lipid metabolism and indices of immune function in rats.
Inositol hexakisphosphate in urine: the relationship between oral intake and urinary excretion.
Blood cholesterol and apolipoprotein B levels in relation to intakes of animal and plant proteins in US adults.
The relationship between alcohol consumption, health indicators and mortality in the German population.
Wheat bran supplementation does not affect biochemical markers of bone turnover in young adult women with recommended calcium intake.
Blood glucose and meal patterns in time-blinded males, after aspartame, carbohydrate, and fat consumption, in relation to sweetness perception.
The blood spot thyrotropin method is not adequate to screen for hypothyroidism in the elderly living in abundant-iodine intake areas: comparison to sensitive thyrotropin measurements.
Changes in dietary zinc and copper affect zinc-status indicators of postmenopausal women, notably, extracellular superoxide dismutase and amyloid precursor proteins.
Ethyl glucuronide: a marker of recent alcohol consumption with clinical and forensic implications.
Effect of beer consumption on plasma magnesium: randomized comparison with mineral water.
Hippuric acid as a major excretion product associated with black tea consumption.
Association of dietary elements and lower urinary tract symptoms.
Morphine-induced suppression of saccharin intake is correlated with elevated corticosterone levels.
Inverse relationship between protein intake and plasma free amino acids in healthy men at physical exercise.
Correlation between urine and blood concentrations, and dietary intake of cadmium and lead among women in the general population of Japan.
Comparison of the formation of proteins modified by direct and indirect ethanol metabolites in the liver and blood of rats fed the Lieber-DeCarli liquid diet.
Waist-to-hip ratio, weight gain, and dietary and serum selenium are associated with DNA content flow cytometry in Barrett's esophagus.
Inverse association of soy product intake with serum androgen and estrogen concentrations in Japanese men.
Relation between low calcium intake, parathyroid hormone, and blood pressure.
Uptake of individual fatty acids into adipose tissue in relation to their presence in the diet.
Polymorphism of the tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor 2 gene is associated with obesity, leptin levels, and insulin resistance in young subjects and diet-treated type 2 diabetic patients.
The role of women's alcohol consumption in evaluation of vulnerability to sexual aggression.
Evaluation of the short-form 36-item questionnaire to measure health-related quality of life in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Validation of dietary intakes measured by diet history against 24 h urinary nitrogen excretion and energy expenditure measured by the doubly-labelled water method in middle-aged women.
Basal urinary zinc/creatinine ratio as an indicator of dietary zinc intake in healthy adult women.
Beneficial effects of weight loss associated with moderate calorie/carbohydrate restriction, and increased proportional intake of protein and unsaturated fat on serum urate and lipoprotein levels in gout: a pilot study.
Beneficial influence of an indigenous low-iron diet on serum indicators of iron status in patients with chronic liver disease.
Gallic acid metabolites are markers of black tea intake in humans.
Validation study of retrospective recall of disease-targeted function: results from the prostate cancer outcomes study.
Response of diamine oxidase and other plasma copper biomarkers to various dietary copper intakes in the rat and evaluation of copper absorption with a stable isotope.
Dietary intakes of flavonols, flavones and isoflavones by Japanese women and the inverse correlation between quercetin intake and plasma LDL cholesterol concentration.
Under- and overreporting of energy intake using urinary cations as biomarkers: relation to body mass index.
Serum amino acids in relation to nutritional status, lung function and energy intake in patients with advanced pulmonary disease.
The associations of a marine diet with plasma lipids, blood glucose, blood pressure and obesity among the inuit in Greenland.
Validity of self-reported alcohol consumption in nondependent drinkers with unintentional injuries.
Intake of soy products is associated with better plasma lipid profiles in the Hong Kong Chinese population.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for androgen deficiency in aging males.
Excretion of volatile nitrosamines in a rural population in relation to food and drinking water consumption.
Correlation of carnitine levels to methionine and lysine intake.
Etiology of nephrocalcinosis in preterm neonates: association of nutritional intake and urinary parameters.
Dose response of laboratory markers to alcohol consumption in a general population.
Urinary 1-methylhistidine is a marker of meat consumption in Black and in White California Seventh-day Adventists.
Does dietary protein intake correlate with markers suggestive of early diabetic nephropathy in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes mellitus?
Validation of a simple method for assessing sodium intake in dialysis patients.
Alpha linolenic acid in cholesterol esters: a marker of alphalinolenic acid intake in newborns.
Correlation between stellate cell activation and serum fibrosis markers in choline-deficient L-amino acid-defined diet-induced rat liver fibrosis.
Association between dietary patterns and plasma biomarkers of obesity and cardiovascular disease risk.
Clofibric acid or diethylmaleate supplemented diet decrease blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated male Sprague Dawley rats--relation with liver antioxidant status.
Serum concentrations of estradiol and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and soy product intake in relation to psychologic well-being in peri- and postmenopausal Japanese women.
Relationship of dietary fat and serum cholesterol ester and phospholipid fatty acids to markers of insulin resistance in men and women with a range of glucose tolerance.
Life style and urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine, a marker of oxidative dna damage: effects of exercise, working conditions, meat intake, body mass index, and smoking.
Association of smoking with serum and dietary levels of antioxidants in adults: NHANES III, 1988-1994.
Beneficial effects of a soy-based dietary supplement on lipid levels and cardiovascular risk markers in type 2 diabetic subjects.
Lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum and their relation to age-related maculopathy in the third national health and nutrition examination survey.
Serum biomarker-based validation of a self-administered diet history questionnaire for Japanese subjects.
Dietary glycemic load assessed by food-frequency questionnaire in relation to plasma high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and fasting plasma triacylglycerols in postmenopausal women.
Glycemic index in the diet of European outpatients with type 1 diabetes: relations to glycated hemoglobin and serum lipids.
Fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum lipids are valid biological markers of dairy fat intake in men.
Relation of plasma leptin concentrations to sex, body fat, dietary intake, and peak oxygen uptake in young adult women and men.
Dietary and lifestyle factors in relation to plasma leptin concentrations among normal weight and overweight men.
Serum concentrations of beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol are associated with diet, smoking, and general and central adiposity.
Association between urinary potassium, urinary sodium, current diet, and bone density in prepubertal children.
Dietary fat intake in healthy adolescents: inverse relationships between the estimated intake of saturated fatty acids and serum cholesterol.
A combination of statistical methods for the analysis of the relative validation data of the quantitative food frequency questionnaire used in the THUSA study. Transition, Health and Urbanisation in South Africa.
Statistical issues in a metaregression analysis of randomized trials: impact on the dietary sodium intake and blood pressure relationship.
Relationship between alcohol consumption, ambulatory blood pressure recordings and left ventricular mass.
The effect of supplementary dietary L-carnitine on the growth performance, serum components, carcase traits and enzyme activities in relation to fatty acid beta-oxidation of broiler chickens.
Plasma carotenoids in relation to food consumption in Granada (southern Spain) and Malm (southern Sweden).
Sequential analysis of hair mercury levels in relation to fish diet of an Amazonian population, Brazil.
Effects of dietary curcumin on glutathione S-transferase and malondialdehyde-DNA adducts in rat liver and colon mucosa: relationship with drug levels.
Association between composition of the diet and haemoglobin and ferritin levels in 18-month-old children.
Are coffee and tea consumption associated with urinary tract cancer risk? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Association between B vitamin intake and plasma homocysteine concentration in the general Dutch population aged 20-65 y.
Blood determinations of S-adenosylmethionine, S-adenosylhomocysteine, and homocysteine: correlations with diet.
Ethnic and environmental differences in various markers of dietary intake and blood pressure among Chinese Han and three other minority peoples of China: results from the WHO Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study.
Serum carotenoids as biomarkers of fruit and vegetable consumption in the New York Women's Health Study.
Using isothiocyanate excretion as a biological marker of Brassica vegetable consumption in epidemiological studies: evaluating the sources of variability.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in maternal diet, breast milk, and serum lipid fatty acids of infants in relation to atopy.
Are the proposed limits of energy intake:basal metabolic rate and dietary nitrogen:urinary nitrogen ratios suitable for validation of food intake?
Alcohol consumption and blood pressure change: 5-year follow-up study of the association in normotensive workers.
Immune function, hepatic CYP1A, and reproductive biomarker responses in the gulf killifish, Fundulus grandis, during dietary exposures to endocrine disrupters.
A comparison of dietary and non-dietary factors of hypertension and normal blood pressure in a Chinese population.
Association of self-reported diseases and health care use with commonly used laboratory markers for alcohol consumption.
Urinary cadmium elimination as a biomarker of exposure for evaluating a cadmium dietary exposure--biokinetics model.
Validation of a computer version of the patient-administered Danish prostatic symptom score questionnaire.
Leptin levels are associated with fat oxidation and dietary-induced weight loss in obesity.
Effects of alcohol consumption on indices of iron stores and of iron stores on alcohol intake markers.
Blood lipids of young distance runners: distribution and inter-relationships among training volume, peak oxygen consumption, and body fatness.
A critical evaluation of the application of biomarkers in epidemiological studies on diet and health.
Vitamin D status and its adequacy in healthy Danish perimenopausal women: relationships to dietary intake, sun exposure and serum parathyroid hormone.
Is there a relationship between plasma phenylalanine and cholesterol in phenylketonuric patients under dietary treatment?
Population-based study of alpha- and gamma-tocopherol in plasma and adipose tissue as biomarkers of intake in Costa Rican adults.
Inverse association between dietary and serum conjugated linoleic acid and risk of breast cancer in postmenopausal women.
Fat content of the diet among preschool children in southwest Britain: II. relationship with growth, blood lipids, and iron status.
Reliability and validity of the General Health Questionnaire (GHQ-12) among urological patients: a Malaysian study.
Very-long-chain omega-3 fatty acids as markers for habitual fish intake in a population consuming mainly lean fish: the EPIC cohort of Gipuzkoa. European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Giessen Wholesome Nutrition Study: relation between a health-conscious diet and blood lipids.
Evaluation of dietary assessment instruments against doubly labeled water, a biomarker of habitual energy intake.
Site-specific differences in the fatty acid composition of abdominal adipose tissue in an obese population from a Mediterranean area: relation with dietary fatty acids, plasma lipid profile, serum insulin, and central obesity.
Relation between dietary linolenic acid and coronary artery disease in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Influence of dietary fatty acid composition on the relationship between CETP activity and plasma lipoproteins in monkeys.
Use of quality control indices in moderately hypocaloric Mediterranean diet for treatment of obesity.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as markers of alcohol consumption. Segmental hair analysis of alcoholics, social drinkers, and teetotalers.
Relation between dietary intake, serum concentrations, and retinal concentrations of lutein and zeaxanthin in adults in a Midwest population.
Retinoic acid metabolites in plasma are higher after intake of liver paste compared with a vitamin A supplement in women.
Application of the method of triads to evaluate the performance of food frequency questionnaires and biomarkers as indicators of long-term dietary intake.
Liver and adipose tissue fatty acid ethyl esters obtained at autopsy are postmortem markers for premortem ethanol intake.
High-meat, low-carbohydrate diet in pregnancy: relation to adult blood pressure in the offspring.
Estimation and validation of mercury intake associated with fish consumption in an EPIC cohort of Spain.
Validation of energy intake measurements determined from observer-recorded food records and recall methods compared with the doubly labeled water method in overweight and obese individuals.
Plasma sialic-acid index of apolipoprotein J (SIJ): a new alcohol intake marker.
A cross-sectional study on association of calcium intake with blood pressure in Japanese population.
Correlates of plasma homocysteine, cysteine and cysteinyl-glycine in respondents in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of young people aged 4-18 years, and a comparison with the survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Ethyl glucuronide-a biological marker for recent alcohol consumption.
The food intake recording software system is valid among fourth-grade children.
The relative validity of a short Dutch questionnaire as a means to categorize adults and adolescents to total and saturated fat intake.
Relationship between fasting and day-long plasma glucose concentrations in diet-treated patients with type 2 diabetes.
Inverse relationship between urinary markers of animal protein intake and blood pressure in Chinese: results from the WHO Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study.
The n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid composition of plasma phospholipids in pregnant women and their infants. relationship with maternal linoleic acid intake.
Serum cholesterol levels in children are associated with dietary fat and fatty acid intake.
Validation and calibration of food-frequency questionnaire measurements in the Northern Sweden Health and Disease cohort.
Effects of alcohol consumption on eight circulating markers of liver fibrosis.
Effect of diet on cancer development: is oxidative DNA damage a biomarker?
Association of dietary fatty acids with urinary oxalate excretion in calcium oxalate stone-formers in their fourth decade.
Evaluation of dietary intake of vitamin E in the treatment of atopic dermatitis: a study of the clinical course and evaluation of the immunoglobulin E serum levels.
Development and validation of a questionnaire for the assessment of bowel and lower urinary tract symptoms in women.
Dietary conjugated linolenic acid in relation to CLA differently modifies body fat mass and serum and liver lipid levels in rats.
The impact of angiotensin II receptor blockade and the DASH diet on markers of endogenous fibrinolysis.
Dietary monoglutamate and polyglutamate folate are associated with plasma folate concentrations in Dutch men and women aged 20-65 years.
Serum beta-glucuronidase activity is inversely associated with plant-food intakes in humans.
Validation of a short food frequency questionnaire to assess folate intake.
Plasma phylloquinone (vitamin K1) concentration and its relationship to intake in a national sample of British elderly people.
High-dose CD34+ cells are not clinically relevant in reducing cytopenia and blood component consumption following myeloablative therapy and peripheral blood progenitor cell transplantation as compared with standard dose.
Individual carotenoid concentrations in adipose tissue and plasma as biomarkers of dietary intake.
Selection of relevant dietary indicators for health.
Soy milk intake in relation to serum sex hormone levels in British men.
A ketogenic diet favorably affects serum biomarkers for cardiovascular disease in normal-weight men.
Urinary level of 1,N(6) -ethenodeoxyadenosine, a marker of oxidative stress, is associated with salt excretion and omega 6-polyunsaturated fatty acid intake in postmenopausal Japanese women.
Effect of genetic background and diet on plasma fibrinogen in mice. Possible relation with susceptibility to atherosclerosis.
Validity and reliability of an interviewer-administered questionnaire to measure the severity of lower urinary tract symptoms of storage abnormality: the Leicester Urinary Symptom Questionnaire.
Biological markers of alcohol consumption in nondrinkers, drinkers, and alcohol-dependent Brazilian patients.
The ethanol conjugate ethyl glucuronide is a useful marker of recent alcohol consumption.
Comparison of urinary bromide levels among people in East Asia, and the effects of dietary intakes of cereals and marine products.
Relationship of dietary intake of fish and non-fish selenium to serum lipids in Japanese rural coastal community.
Serum sialic acid as a marker of alcohol consumption: effect of liver disease and heavy drinking.
Psychometric validation of an overactive bladder symptom and health-related quality of life questionnaire: the OAB-q.
Relationship between diet and blood pressure in a representative Mediterranean population.
Adipose tissue biomarkers of fatty acid intake.
Randomized clinical trial of total vs. subtotal hysterectomy: validity of the trial questionnaire.
Frequent intake of tropical fruits that are rich in beta-cryptoxanthin is associated with higher plasma beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations in Costa Rican adolescents.
Relationship between serum hormone concentrations, reproductive history, alcohol consumption and genetic polymorphisms in pre-menopausal women.
Validation of a soy food frequency questionnaire with plasma concentrations of isoflavones in US adults.
High intakes of vegetables, berries, and apples combined with a high intake of linoleic or oleic acid only slightly affect markers of lipid peroxidation and lipoprotein metabolism in healthy subjects.
Inverse association between the effect of carbohydrates on blood glucose and subsequent short-term food intake in young men.
Relations between various measures of iodine intake and thyroid volume, thyroid nodularity, and serum thyroglobulin.
Determination of urinary t-t muconic acid as biomarker of environmental benzene intake and its interference factors.
Investigation of the relation between self-reported food consumption and household chemical exposures with urinary levels of selected nonpersistent pesticides.
Dietary low linolenic acid compared with docosahexaenoic acid alter synaptic plasma membrane phospholipid fatty acid composition and sodium-potassium ATPase kinetics in developing rats.
Dose-response relationship between total cadmium intake calculated from the cadmium concentration in rice collected from each household of farmers and renal dysfunction in inhabitants of the Jinzu River basin, Japan.
The associations of diet with serum insulin-like growth factor I and its main binding proteins in 292 women meat-eaters, vegetarians, and vegans.
Validity and reliability of a work history questionnaire derived from the Job Content Questionnaire.
Dietary and plasma lipid, lipoprotein, and apolipoprotein profiles among elderly Hispanics and non-Hispanics and their association with diabetes.
Plasma and dietary vitamin E in relation to incidence of type 2 diabetes: The Insulin Resistance and Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS).
Cadmium in blood and urine--impact of sex, age, dietary intake, iron status, and former smoking--association of renal effects.
Influence of alcohol consumption on the association between serum lipids and colorectal adenomas.
Twenty-four-hour blood pressure among Greenlanders and Danes: relationship to diet and lifestyle.
Influence of reporting error on the relation between blood folate concentrations and reported folic acid-containing dietary supplement use among reproductive-aged women in the United States.
Muscle insulin binding and plasma levels in relation to liver glucokinase activity, glucose metabolism and dietary carbohydrates in rainbow trout.
Effects of dietary alpha-linolenic acid from blended oils on biochemical indices of coronary heart disease in Indians.
Comparison of adipose tissue fatty acids with dietary fatty acids as measured by 24-hour recall and food frequency questionnaire in Black and White Adventists: the Adventist Health Study.
Urinary excretion of dithiocarbamates and self-reported Cruciferous vegetable intake: application of the 'method of triads' to a food-specific biomarker.
Dietary risk markers that contribute to the aetiology of hypertension in black South African children: the THUSA BANA study.
Interaction of body mass index and attempt to lose weight in a national sample of US adults: association with reported food and nutrient intake, and biomarkers.
Validation of energy intake estimated from a food frequency questionnaire: a doubly labelled water study.
Relationship of urinary sodium/potassium excretion and calcium intake to blood pressure and prevalence of hypertension among older Chinese vegetarians.
Relationship between methylmalonic acid, homocysteine, vitamin B12 intake and status and socio-economic indices, in a subset of participants in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over.
Ureteral stent symptom questionnaire: development and validation of a multidimensional quality of life measure.
Association of hepatitis virus infection, alcohol consumption and plasma vitamin A levels with urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in chemical workers.
Validation of the short form of the Spanish Hypertension Quality of Life Questionnaire (MINICHAL).
Evaluation of a childhood lead questionnaire in predicting elevated blood lead levels in a rural community.
Association of alcohol consumption with white blood cell count: a study of Japanese male office workers.
The consumption of processed tomato products enhances plasma lycopene concentrations in association with a reduced lipoprotein sensitivity to oxidative damage.
Moderate antioxidant supplementation has no effect on biomarkers of oxidant damage in healthy men with low fruit and vegetable intakes.
Markers of the validity of reported energy intake.
Biomarkers of fat and fatty acid intake.
Isoflavonoid and lignan phytoestrogens as dietary biomarkers.
Relation between sodium intake and blood pressure during sleep in young men.
Validation of habitual energy intake.
Uses and limitations of statistical accounting for random error correlations, in the validation of dietary questionnaire assessments.
Estimate of oxygen consumption and intracellular zinc concentration of human spermatozoa in relation to motility.
Associations between dietary intake and serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran (PCDD/F) levels in Taiwanese.
Effects of habitual chitosan intake on bone mass, bone-related metabolic markers and duodenum CaBP D9K mRNA in ovariectomized SHRSP rats.
Chronic consumption of a flavanol- and procyanindin-rich diet is associated with reduced levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine in rat testes.
Peanut consumption improves indices of cardiovascular disease risk in healthy adults.
Body fat mass and macronutrient intake in relation to circulating soluble leptin receptor, free leptin index, adiponectin, and resistin concentrations in healthy humans.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study to assess selenium intake: comparison with dietary records and blood levels.
Validity of the self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey for the JPHC Study to assess folate, vitamin B6 and B12 intake: comparison with dietary records and blood level.
Leptin concentrations in relation to energy balance, milk yield, intake, live weight, and estrus in dairy cows.
Dietary fibre intake and clinical indices in the French Supplementation en Vitamines et Minraux AntioXydants (SU.VI.MAX) adult cohort.
Relation between total homocysteine levels and beer intake in patients with diabetes mellitus Type 2.
Association of blood pressure with intake of soy products and other food groups in Japanese men and women.
Development and validation of the Diabetes Bowel Symptom Questionnaire.
Incorporation of the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) into fur and correlation with intestinal tumourigenesis in Min/+ mice.
Effect of dietary genistein on cell replication indices in C57BL6 mice.
Analysis of isothiocyanate mercapturic acids in urine: a biomarker for cruciferous vegetable intake.
The human cholesteryl ester transfer protein I405V polymorphism is associated with plasma cholesterol concentration and its reduction by dietary phytosterol esters.
Intake of lignans is associated with serum enterolactone concentration in Finnish men and women.
Dietary and lifestyle factors in relation to plasma insulin-like growth factor I in a general population sample.
Do the ethanol metabolizing enzymes modify the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure?
Carbohydrate intake and biomarkers of glycemic control among US adults: the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III).
Dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of carotenoids and tocopherols in relation to glucose metabolism in subjects at high risk of type 2 diabetes: the Botnia Dietary Study.
Multinational study of reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire in patients with overactive bladder.
Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled comparison of the action of orlistat, fluvastatin, or both an anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and lipid profile in obese patients with hypercholesterolemia prescribed a standardized diet.
Associations between diet and the metabolic syndrome vary with the validity of dietary intake data.
Habitual dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids in relation to inflammatory markers among US men and women.
Cardiorespiratory fitness modifies the association between dietary fat intake and plasma fatty acids.
Low plasma concentrations of diet-derived antioxidants in association with microalbuminuria in Indigenous Australian populations.
Some magnesium status indicators and oxidative metabolism responses to low-dietary magnesium are affected by dietary copper in postmenopausal women.
A cross-sectional study of alcohol consumption patterns and biologic markers of glycemic control among 459 women.
Using intake biomarkers to evaluate the extent of dietary misreporting in a large sample of adults: the OPEN study.
Structure of dietary measurement error: results of the OPEN biomarker study.
High-pressurized orange juice consumption affects plasma vitamin C, antioxidative status and inflammatory markers in healthy humans.
Measuring dietary fatty acid intake:validation of a food-frequency questionnaire against 7 d weighed records.
Plasma carotenoid levels in relation to the Mediterranean diet in Greece.
Validation of two global impression questionnaires for incontinence.
Regional differences in blood flow and oxygen consumption in resting muscle and their relationship during recovery from exhaustive exercise.
Relation between homocysteine concentrations and the consumption of different types of alcoholic beverages: the French Supplementation with Antioxidant Vitamins and Minerals Study.
Folate intake assessment: validation of a new approach.
Comparison of estimated renal net acid excretion from dietary intake and body size with urine pH.
Simple and sensitive high-performance liquid chromatography method for simultaneous determination of urinary free cortisol and 6beta-hydroxycortisol in routine practice. For CYP 3A4 activity evaluation in basal conditions and after grapefruit juice intake.
Assessment of alcohol consumption by mailed questionnaire in epidemiological studies: evaluation of misclassification using a dietary history interview and biochemical markers.
Maternal consumption of a high-meat, low-carbohydrate diet in late pregnancy: relation to adult cortisol concentrations in the offspring.
Group level validation of protein intakes estimated by 24-hour diet recall and dietary questionnaires against 24-hour urinary nitrogen in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) calibration study.
Fatty acids, diet, and body indices of type II diabetic American whites and blacks and Ghanaians.
Is olestra consumption associated with changes in dietary intake, serum lipids, and body weight?
Gender differences in dietary intakes, anthropometrical measurements and biochemical indices in an urban adult population: the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Effect of orange juice intake on vitamin C concentrations and biomarkers of antioxidant status in humans.
Elevated blood lead levels associated with the consumption of moonshine among emergency department patients in Atlanta, Georgia.
Effect of diets based on foods from conventional versus organic production on intake and excretion of flavonoids and markers of antioxidative defense in humans.
Validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire to assess folate status. Results discriminate a high-risk group of women residing on the Mexico-US border.
Greater rise in fat oxidation with medium-chain triglyceride consumption relative to long-chain triglyceride is associated with lower initial body weight and greater loss of subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Intake of unsaturated fatty acids and HDL cholesterol levels are associated with manifestations of atopy in adults.
The DASH diet and sodium reduction improve markers of bone turnover and calcium metabolism in adults.
Comparison of serum concentration and dietary intake of alpha-tocopherol in a sample of urban and rural Costa Rican adolescents.
Health related quality of life in patients treated with radical cystectomy and urinary diversion for urothelial carcinoma of the bladder: development and validation of a new disease specific questionnaire.
Selected nutritional biomarkers predict diet quality.
Interrelationship between bone turnover markers and dietary calcium intake in pregnant women: a longitudinal study.
Evaluation of urinary N-acetyl cysteinyl allyl isothiocyanate as a biomarker for intake and bioactivity of Brussels sprouts.
A population-based dietary intervention trial in a high-risk area for stomach cancer and stroke: changes in intakes and related biomarkers.
The relationship of sodium intake to calcium and sodium excretion and bone mineral density of the hip in postmenopausal African-American and Caucasian women.
Environmental, dietary, demographic, and activity variables associated with biomarkers of exposure for benzene and lead.
Plasma concentrations of (n-3) highly unsaturated fatty acids are good biomarkers of relative dietary fatty acid intakes: a cross-sectional study.
Influences of apolipoprotein E polymorphism on the response of plasma lipids to the ad libitum consumption of a high-carbohydrate diet compared with a high-monounsaturated fatty acid diet.
Relationship between serum leptin levels and alcohol consumption in a controlled feeding and alcohol ingestion study.
Plasma levels of retinol, carotenoids, and tocopherols in relation to dietary pattern among pregnant Tanzanian women.
Suppressive effect of viscous dietary fiber on elevations of uric acid in serum and urine induced by dietary RNA in rats is associated with strength of viscosity.
Serum fatty acid composition in primary school children is associated with serum cholesterol levels and dietary fat intake.
Dietary linolenic acid is inversely associated with plasma triacylglycerol: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Relationship between the amount of linoleic acid in the diet and that in the adipose tissue of adult cats living freely in households.
Dietary iron intake and blood donations in relation to risk of type 2 diabetes in men: a prospective cohort study.
Concentration of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair of alcoholics: comparison to other biological state markers and self reported-ethanol intake.
Dietary magnesium intake in relation to plasma insulin levels and risk of type 2 diabetes in women.
An energy-rich diet causes rumen papillae proliferation associated with more IGF type 1 receptors and increased plasma IGF-1 concentrations in young goats.
Trans-18:1 isomers in rat milk fat as effective biomarkers for the determination of individual isomeric trans-18:1 acids in the dams' diet.
Critical review of dietary caffeine and blood pressure: a relationship that should be taken more seriously.
Proapoptotic activated T-cells in the blood of children with Down's syndrome: relationship with dietary antigens and intestinal alterations.
Fish consumption and other environmental exposures and their associations with serum PCB concentrations among Mohawk women at Akwesasne.
Adiponectin gene expression and plasma values in obese women during very-low-calorie diet. Relationship with cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance.
Relationship between plasma fatty acid composition and diet over previous years in the Italian centers of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Reliability and accuracy of a cardiovascular risk questionnaire and body shape figures for body size in Mexican obese subjects.
Mercury and selenium in whole blood and serum in relation to fish consumption and amalgam fillings in adolescents.
Submaximal exercise in persons with stroke: test-retest reliability and concurrent validity with maximal oxygen consumption.
The dietary glycemic index during pregnancy: influence on infant birth weight, fetal growth, and biomarkers of carbohydrate metabolism.
Diet score is associated with plasma homocysteine in a healthy institutionalised elderly population.
Reliability and validity of King's Health Questionnaire in patients with symptoms of overactive bladder with urge incontinence in Japan.
Current status of carbohydrate deficient transferrin, total serum sialic acid, sialic acid index of apolipoprotein J and serum beta-hexosaminidase as markers for alcohol consumption.
Dietary fat type affects vitamins C and E and biomarkers of oxidative status in peripheral and brain tissues of golden Syrian hamsters.
Relation of vegetable, fruit, and meat intake to 7-year blood pressure change in middle-aged men: the Chicago Western Electric Study.
Plasma and urinary phyto-oestrogens as biomarkers of intake: validation by duplicate diet analysis.
Long-term effects of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate diet on weight control and cardiovascular risk markers in obese hyperinsulinemic subjects.
Increased dietary protein elevates plasma uric acid and is associated with decreased oxidative stress in rapidly-growing broilers.
Investigation of the reliability of 24 h urine excretion as a biomarker of isoflavone exposure over time and over a wide range of isoflavone intakes.
Plasma carotenoid levels in Dutch men and women, and the relation with vegetable and fruit consumption.
Effects of usual nutrient intake and vitamin D status on markers of bone turnover in Swiss adolescents.
High sodium intake strengthens the association between angiotensinogen T174M polymorphism and blood pressure levels among lean men and women: a community-based study.
Status and management of blood lipids in Greek adults and their relation to socio-demographic, lifestyle and dietary factors: the ATTICA Study. Blood lipids distribution in Greece.
Validation of diagnostic tests for determination of magnesium status in horses with reduced magnesium intake.
Validation of a soy questionnaire with repeated dietary recalls and urinary isoflavone assessments over one year.
Increased sensitivity to dietary cholesterol in diabetic and hypothyroid rats associated with low levels of hepatic HMG-CoA reductase expression.
Validity and reliability of a questionnaire to measure the impact of lower urinary tract symptoms on quality of life: the Leicester Impact Scale.
CYP1A2 and NAT2 genotype/phenotype relations and urinary excretion of 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) in a human dietary intervention study.
Dietary iron intake is positively associated with hemoglobin concentration during infancy but not during the second year of life.
A moderately high intake compared to a low intake of zinc depresses magnesium balance and alters indices of bone turnover in postmenopausal women.
Dietary fatty acids affect plasma markers of inflammation in healthy men fed controlled diets: a randomized crossover study.
Phytoestrogen concentrations in serum and spot urine as biomarkers for dietary phytoestrogen intake and their relation to breast cancer risk in European prospective investigation of cancer and nutrition-norfolk.
Alcohol consumption and inflammatory markers in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Negative relationship between fasting plasma ghrelin concentrations and ad libitum food intake.
Postprandial response of plasma ghrelin levels to various test meals in relation to food intake, plasma insulin, and glucose.
Development and validation of the insulin treatment satisfaction questionnaire.
Commonly consumed and naturally occurring dietary substances affect biomarkers of oxidative stress and DNA damage in healthy rats.
Dietary habits and plasma fatty acids levels in a population of Italian children: is there any relationship?
The effect of dietary n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on femur mineral density and biomarkers of bone metabolism in healthy, diabetic and dietary-restricted growing rats.
Nutrient intakes; biochemical and risk indices associated with Type 2 diabetes and glycosylated haemoglobin, in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 years and over.
Contribution of dietary protein and inorganic sulfur to urinary sulfate: toward a biomarker of inorganic sulfur intake.
Temporal variation of blood and hair mercury levels in pregnancy in relation to fish consumption history in a population living along the St. Lawrence River.
Effects of trans- and n-3 unsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular risk markers in healthy males. An 8 weeks dietary intervention study.
Kava use, dyslipidaemia and biomarkers of dietary quality in Aboriginal people in Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory (NT), Australia.
Seasonal changes in markers of oxidative damage to lipids and DNA; correlations with seasonal variation in diet.
Relationships of nutrient intake and lifestyle-related factors to serum folate and plasma homocysteine concentrations in 30-69 year-old Japanese.
Quality of life and self-rated health in relation to changes in fruit and vegetable intake and in plasma vitamins C and E in a randomised trial of behavioural and nutritional education counselling.
Hypolipidemic effects of crude extract of adlay seed (Coix lachrymajobi var. mayuen) in obesity rat fed high fat diet: relations of TNF-alpha and leptin mRNA expressions and serum lipid levels.
Biomarkers of dietary fatty acid intake and the risk of breast cancer: a meta-analysis.
Insulin, macronutrient intake, and physical activity: are potential indicators of insulin resistance associated with mortality from breast cancer?
Relationship between serum, red cell, urinary and dietary magnesium in a middle-aged French adult population.
Consumption of blood products during mechanical circulatory support in children: comparison between ECMO and a pulsatile ventricular assist device.
Identification of cereal alkylresorcinol metabolites in human urine-potential biomarkers of wholegrain wheat and rye intake.
The relation of individual cadmium concentration in urine with total cadmium intake in Kakehashi River basin, Japan.
Paraoxonase activity in Greek migrants and Anglo-Celtic persons in the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study: relationship to dietary markers.
Lack of effect of dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio on plasma lipids and markers of insulin responses in Indian Asians living in the UK.
Effects of a low-fat diet compared with those of a high-monounsaturated fat diet on body weight, plasma lipids and lipoproteins, and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes.
Macular pigment optical density and its relationship with serum and dietary levels of lutein and zeaxanthin.
Fruit and vegetable consumption is inversely associated with blood pressure in a Mediterranean population with a high vegetable-fat intake: the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) Study.
Dietary habits and nutritional biomarkers in Italian type 1 diabetes families: evidence of unhealthy diet and combined-vitamin-deficient intakes.
Dietary phylloquinone intake as a potential marker for a heart-healthy dietary pattern in the Framingham Offspring cohort.
The effects of coadministration of dietary copper and zinc supplements on atherosclerosis, antioxidant enzymes and indices of lipid peroxidation in the cholesterol-fed rabbit.
Effect of a mediterranean-style diet on endothelial dysfunction and markers of vascular inflammation in the metabolic syndrome: a randomized trial.
Additional dietary zinc for weaning piglets is associated with elevated concentrations of serum IGF-I.
Dietary cholesterol does not increase biomarkers for chronic disease in a pediatric population from northern Mexico.
Effects of a long-term vegetarian diet on biomarkers of antioxidant status and cardiovascular disease risk.
Folate intake estimated with an updated database and its association to blood folate and homocysteine in Korean college students.
Validity of reported energy expenditure and reported intake of energy, protein, sodium and potassium in rheumatoid arthritis patients in a dietary intervention study.
Validation of a food-frequency questionnaire assessment of carotenoid and vitamin E intake using weighed food records and plasma biomarkers: the method of triads model.
Effect of dietary-induced metabolic acidosis and ovariectomy on bone mineral density and markers of bone turnover.
Male Sexual Health Questionnaire (MSHQ): scale development and psychometric validation.
Moderate alcohol intake and markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction among diabetic men.
Consumption of high-pressurized vegetable soup increases plasma vitamin C and decreases oxidative stress and inflammatory biomarkers in healthy humans.
The associations between smoking, physical activity, dietary habits and plasma homocysteine levels in cardiovascular disease-free people: the 'ATTICA' study.
Urinary isoflavonoid excretion is inversely associated with the ratio of protein to dietary fibre intake in young women.
Weight reduction, but not a moderate intake of fish oil, lowers concentrations of inflammatory markers and PAI-1 antigen in obese men during the fasting and postprandial state.
Homocysteine as a risk factor for coronary heart diseases and its association with inflammatory biomarkers, lipids and dietary factors.
Relationship between diet and serum anabolic hormone responses to heavy-resistance exercise in men.
Reliability of sport fish consumption in the New York State Angler cohort study.
Clinical correlation between the consumption of nicotine and cotinine concentrations in urine and serum by competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
Investigation of the elemental composition and chemical association of several elements in fulvic acids dietary supplements by size-exclusion chromatography UV inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometric.
Plasma GLP-2 levels and intestinal markers in the juvenile pig during intestinal adaptation: effects of different diet regimens.
Nutrient intake and urine composition in calcium oxalate stone-forming dogs: comparison with healthy dogs and impact of dietary modification.
Psychometric properties and validation of the German-language King's Health Questionnaire in women with stress urinary incontinence.
Polymorphisms in the bovine leptin promoter associated with serum leptin concentration, growth, feed intake, feeding behavior, and measures of carcass merit.
Postnatal diet-induced obesity in rats upregulates systemic and adipose tissue glucocorticoid metabolism during development and in adulthood: its relationship with the metabolic syndrome.
High intake of saturated fat and early occurrence of specific biomarkers may explain the prevalence of chronic disease in northern Mexico.
A semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire is a valid indicator of the usual intake of phytoestrogens by south Asian women in the UK relative to multiple 24-h dietary recalls and multiple plasma samples.
Intake of purine-rich foods, protein, and dairy products and relationship to serum levels of uric acid: the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Early dietary intervention: long-term effects on blood pressure, brain neuropeptide Y, and adiposity markers.
Effects of black tea consumption on plasma catechins and markers of oxidative stress and inflammation in patients with coronary artery disease.
Phytoestrogen exposure correlation with plasma estradiol in postmenopausal women in European Prospective Investigation of Cancer and Nutrition-Norfolk may involve diet-gene interactions.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: practical issues in development of expert system-based classification models in metabolomic studies.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: concerns and approaches for cohort and gender issues in serum metabolome studies.
Diet-induced weight loss is associated with decreases in plasma serum amyloid a and C-reactive protein independent of dietary macronutrient composition in obese subjects.
Acanthopanax senticosus extract prepared from cultured cells decreases adiposity and obesity indices in C57BL/6J mice fed a high fat diet.
Effect of dietary supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid on markers of calcium and bone metabolism in healthy adult men.
Evaluation of interactions between CCK and GLP-1 in their effects on appetite, energy intake, and antropyloroduodenal motility in healthy men.
Plasma concentration of folate as a biomarker for the intake of fruit and vegetables: the Hordaland Homocysteine Study.
The relation between alcohol intake and physical activity and the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 in serum phospholipids and adipose tissue used as markers for dairy fat intake.
Development and validation of a food-frequency questionnaire for the determination of detailed fatty acid intakes.
Effects of blood orange juice intake on antioxidant bioavailability and on different markers related to oxidative stress.
Functional relationships among selenium concentrations in the diet, target tissues, and nondestructive tissue samples of two species of snakes.
Consumption of trans fatty acids is related to plasma biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
Dietary evaluation and attenuation of relative risk: multiple comparisons between blood and urinary biomarkers, food frequency, and 24-hour recall questionnaires: the DEARR study.
Whole-grain rye bread consumption by women correlates with plasma alkylresorcinols and increases their concentration compared with low-fiber wheat bread.
Consumption of a high calcium mineral water lowers biochemical indices of bone remodeling in postmenopausal women with low calcium intake.
Low mineral intake is associated with high systolic blood pressure in the Third and Fourth National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys: could we all be right?
Comparison of dietary selenium fed to grower-finisher pigs from various regions of the United States on resulting tissue Se and loin mineral concentrations.
Influence of long-term intervention with dietary counseling, long-chain n-3 fatty acid supplements, or both on circulating markers of endothelial activation in men with long-standing hyperlipidemia.
Validation of peak exercise oxygen consumption and the Heart Failure Survival Score for serial risk stratification in advanced heart failure.
Comparison of urinary sphingolipids in human populations with high and low maize consumption as a possible biomarker of fumonisin dietary exposure.
Validation of a simple patient questionnaire to assist self-detection of overactive bladder. A study in general practice.
Is 24-hour urinary calcium a surrogate marker for dietary calcium intake?
The influence of moderate red wine consumption on antioxidant status and indices of oxidative stress associated with CHD in healthy volunteers.
Costa Rican adolescents have a deleterious nutritional profile as compared to adults in terms of lower dietary and plasma concentrations of antioxidant micronutrients.
Carbohydrate intake is correlated with biomarkers for coronary heart disease in a population of overweight premenopausal women.
Epidemiology of prolapse and incontinence questionnaire: validation of a new epidemiologic survey.
Effects of including soy protein in a blood cholesterol-lowering diet on markers of cardiac risk in men and in postmenopausal women with and without hormone replacement therapy.
Diet and biomarkers of oxidative damage in women previously treated for breast cancer.
Hyperinsulinaemia triggered by dietary conjugated linoleic acid is associated with a decrease in leptin and adiponectin plasma levels and pancreatic beta cell hyperplasia in the mouse.
Dietary antioxidants and fat are associated with plasma antibody titers to heat shock proteins 60, 65, and 70 in subjects with dyslipidemia.
Urinary sucrose and fructose as biomarkers for sugar consumption.
Association of vegetable intake with urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin level.
Detection of recent ethanol intake with new markers: comparison of fatty acid ethyl esters in serum and of ethyl glucuronide and the ratio of 5-hydroxytryptophol to 5-hydroxyindole acetic acid in urine.
Evaluation of brief dietary questions to estimate vegetable and fruit consumption - using serum carotenoids and red-cell folate.
Dietary linolenic acid is inversely associated with calcified atherosclerotic plaque in the coronary arteries: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Carbon and nitrogen stable isotopic composition of hair protein and amino acids can be used as biomarkers for animal-derived dietary protein intake in humans.
Markers associated with inborn errors of metabolism of branched-chain amino acids and their relevance to upper levels of intake in healthy people: an implication from clinical and molecular investigations on maple syrup urine disease.
Effect of an energy-restricted, high-protein, low-fat diet relative to a conventional high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet on weight loss, body composition, nutritional status, and markers of cardiovascular health in obese women.
Higher fat and carbohydrate intake in dementia patients is associated with increased blood glutathione peroxidase activity.
Evaluation of three dietary assessment methods and serum biomarkers as measures of fruit and vegetable intake, using the method of triads.
Effects of retinoic acid administration and dietary vitamin A supplementation on leptin expression in mice: lack of correlation with changes of adipose tissue mass and food intake.
Association of cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption and physical activity with lower urinary tract symptoms in older American men: findings from the third National Health And Nutrition Examination Survey.
Relationship of serum levels of individual PCB, dioxin, and furan congeners and DDE with Great Lakes sport-caught fish consumption.
Association between consumption of beer, wine, and liquor and plasma concentration of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in women aged 39 to 89 years.
Some dietary and adipose tissue carotenoids are associated with the risk of nonfatal acute myocardial infarction in Costa Rica.
Differential effects of dietary saturated and trans-fatty acids on expression of genes associated with insulin sensitivity in rat adipose tissue.
Alcohol intake and methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism modify the relation of folate intake to plasma homocysteine.
Diet-quality scores and plasma concentrations of markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
Relationship of alcohol consumption to 7-year blood pressure change in Japanese men.
Consumption of ready-to-eat cereals in relation to health and diet indicators among school adolescents in Crete, Greece.
Influence of diet on exposure to acrylamide--reflections on the validity of a questionnaire.
Reconstruction of methylmercury intakes in indigenous populations from biomarker data.
Fasting whole blood as a biomarker of essential fatty acid intake in epidemiologic studies: comparison with adipose tissue and plasma.
A low-protein diet exacerbates postprandial chylomicron concentration in moderately dyslipidaemic subjects in comparison to a lean red meat protein-enriched diet.
Intake of Mediterranean vegetable soup treated by pulsed electric fields affects plasma vitamin C and antioxidant biomarkers in humans.
Biomarkers of alcohol consumption in patients classified according to the degree of liver disease severity.
Development of a tool to assess psychosocial indicators of fruit and vegetable intake for 2 federal programs.
Evaluation of an iron specific checklist for the assessment of dietary iron intake in pregnant and postpartum women.
Relation between reproductive, physiological, and immunological condition of Litopenaeus setiferus pre-adult males fed different dietary protein levels (Crustacea; Penaeidae).
A comparison of three dietary pattern indexes for predicting biomarkers of diet and disease.
Dose-effect relation between daily ethanol intake in the range 0-70 grams and %CDT value: validation of a cut-off value.
Ethyl sulfate: a metabolite of ethanol in humans and a potential biomarker of acute alcohol intake.
Effects of dietary combination of chromium and biotin on growth performance, carcass characteristics, and oxidative stress markers in heat-distressed Japanese quail.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire by direct measurement of habitual ad libitum food intake.
Sensitivity of circulatory response to alcohol influences the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure in Orientals.
Association of serum phytoestrogen concentration and dietary habits in a sample set of the JACC Study.
Association of serum carotenoid concentration and dietary habits among the JACC Study subjects.
The relationship of breakfast and cereal consumption to nutrient intake and body mass index: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
Fluid, electrolyte, and renal indices of hydration during 11 days of controlled caffeine consumption.
Effects of moderate Sicilian red wine consumption on inflammatory biomarkers of atherosclerosis.
Plasma lipids and fatty acid composition in parrots in relation to the intake of alpha-linolenic acid from two feed mixtures.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables: ecological-level correlations in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Association between alcohol consumption and serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate concentration in men with Type 2 diabetes: a link to decreased cardiovascular risk.
Long-term consumption of a raw food diet is associated with favorable serum LDL cholesterol and triglycerides but also with elevated plasma homocysteine and low serum HDL cholesterol in humans.
Associations of dietary flavonoids with risk of type 2 diabetes, and markers of insulin resistance and systemic inflammation in women: a prospective study and cross-sectional analysis.
Association between school performance, breast milk intake and fatty acid profile of serum lipids in ten-year-old cleft children.
Validation of a two-item quantitative questionnaire for the triage of women with urinary incontinence.
Dietary intake and nutritional indicators are transiently compromised during radiotherapy for rectal cancer.
Does sward height grazed by ewes in mid- to late-pregnancy affect indices of colostrum intake by twin and triplet lambs?
Prevalence of elevated blood lead levels and evaluation of a lead-risk-screening questionnaire in rural Minnesota.
Randomized evaluation of Ureteral Stents using validated Symptom Questionnaire.
Relationship between serum parathyroid hormone levels, vitamin D sufficiency, and calcium intake.
The V227A polymorphism at the PPARA locus is associated with serum lipid concentrations and modulates the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and serum high density lipoprotein concentrations in Chinese women.
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) level in human hair as biomarkers for dietary grilled/stir-fried meat and fish intake.
Dietary PUFA modulate the expression of proliferation and differentiation markers in Morris 3924A hepatoma cells.
Vitamin E supplementation alters HDL-cholesterol concentration and paraoxonase activity in rabbits fed high-cholesterol diet: comparison with probucol.
Role of socioeconomic markers and state prohibition policy in predicting alcohol consumption among men and women in India: a multilevel statistical analysis.
Mediterranean diet has no effect on markers of inflammation and metabolic risk factors in patients with coronary artery disease.
Fat intake is associated with serum estrogen and androgen concentrations in postmenopausal Japanese women.
Associations between plasma lipid parameters and APOC3 and APOA4 genotypes in a healthy population are independent of dietary cholesterol intake.
Italian validation of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaires.
Relationships between cigarette consumption and biomarkers of tobacco toxin exposure.
Dietary vitamin A has both chronic and acute effects on vitamin A indices in lactating rats and their offspring.
Serum homocysteine concentration of US adults associated with fortified cereal consumption.
Erythrocyte membrane phospholipid composition as a biomarker of dietary fat.
Randomized controlled trial for an effect of green tea consumption on insulin resistance and inflammation markers.
Serum sphinganine and the sphinganine to sphingosine ratio as a biomarker of dietary fumonisins during chronic exposure in ducks.
Impact of varying levels of protein intake on protein status indicators after gastric bypass in patients with multiple complications requiring nutritional support.
Relationship between daily fluoride intake from diet and the use of dentifrice and human plasma fluoride concentrations.
Determinants of poor adherence in hypertensive patients: development and validation of the "Maastricht Utrecht Adherence in Hypertension (MUAH)-questionnaire".
Effect of dietary supplementation with beta-casein A1 or A2 on markers of disease development in individuals at high risk of cardiovascular disease.
Dietary diacylglycerol in a typical meal suppresses postprandial increases in serum lipid levels compared with dietary triacylglycerol.
Bone calcium turnover during pregnancy and lactation in women with low calcium diets is associated with calcium intake and circulating insulin-like growth factor 1 concentrations.
Primer: questionnaires versus urodynamics in the evaluation of lower urinary tract dysfunction-one, both or none?
The decrease in C-reactive protein concentration after diet and physical activity induced weight reduction is associated with changes in plasma lipids, but not interleukin-6 or adiponectin.
Relation between benchmark dose and no-observed-adverse-effect level in clinical research: effects of daily alcohol intake on blood pressure in Japanese salesmen.
A reduced protein diet induces stearoyl-CoA desaturase protein expression in pig muscle but not in subcutaneous adipose tissue: relationship with intramuscular lipid formation.
Associations of vitamin C status, fruit and vegetable intakes, and markers of inflammation and hemostasis.
Validity and systematic error in measuring carotenoid consumption with dietary self-report instruments.
Reduction of tissue transglutaminase autoantibody levels by gluten-free diet is associated with changes in subsets of peripheral blood lymphocytes in children with newly diagnosed coeliac disease.
Comparison of insulin sensitivity assessment indices with euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp data after a dietary and exercise intervention in older adults.
Dietary comparison of conjugated linolenic acid (9 cis, 11 trans, 13 trans) and alpha-tocopherol effects on blood lipids and lipid peroxidation in alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus in rats.
Effect of white wine consumption on oxidative stress markers and homocysteine levels.
Maternal intake of antioxidant vitamins in pregnancy in relation to maternal and fetal plasma levels at delivery.
Urinary iodine concentration of pregnant women and female adolescents as an indicator of excessive iodine intake in Sri Lanka.
Association between carbohydrate intake and serum lipids.
Antioxidant ceruloplasmin is expressed by glomerular parietal epithelial cells and secreted into urine in association with glomerular aging and high-calorie diet.
Association between dietary fiber and serum C-reactive protein.
Serum fatty acids as biomarkers of fat intake predict serum cholesterol concentrations in a population-based survey of New Zealand adolescents and adults.
Differential metabolomics reveals ophthalmic acid as an oxidative stress biomarker indicating hepatic glutathione consumption.
PHosphatidylethanol (PEth) concentrations in blood are correlated to reported alcohol intake in alcohol-dependent patients.
Psychometric evaluation of a new questionnaire measuring treatment satisfaction in hypothyroidism: the ThyTSQ.
Sodium in the Finnish diet: II trends in dietary sodium intake and comparison between intake and 24-h excretion of sodium.
Interaction between body mass index and alcohol intake in relation to blood pressure in HAN and SHE Chinese.
Effects of a carbohydrate-restricted diet on emerging plasma markers for cardiovascular disease.
Diagnostic performance of urinary resveratrol metabolites as a biomarker of moderate wine consumption.
Dietary factors related to higher plasma fibrinogen levels of Japanese-americans in hawaii compared with Japanese in Japan.
Development and psychometric evaluation of the ICIQ Vaginal Symptoms Questionnaire: the ICIQ-VS.
Impact of the revision of a nutrient database on the validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ).
Dietary patterns are associated with biochemical markers of inflammation and endothelial activation in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Increased levels of mercury associated with high fish intakes among children from Vancouver, Canada.
Influence of saturated fat and linolenic acid on the association between intake of dairy products and blood pressure.
Nutrition education in postmenopausal women: changes in dietary and cardiovascular indices.
Dietary long-chain n-3 fatty acids of marine origin and serum C-reactive protein concentrations are associated in a population with a diet rich in marine products.
In long-term bedridden elderly patients with dietary copper deficiency, biochemical markers of bone resorption are increased with copper supplementation during 12 weeks.
Association between consumption of cruciferous vegetables and condiments and excretion in urine of isothiocyanate mercapturic acids.
In vitro studies of polyphenols, antioxidants and other dietary indices in kiwifruit (Actinidia deliciosa).
Urinary flavonoids and phenolic acids as biomarkers of intake for polyphenol-rich foods.
Association between serum ferritin, hemoglobin, iron intake, and diabetes in adults in Jiangsu, China.
Reliability of the Fagerstrm Test for Nicotine Dependence, Minnesota Nicotine Withdrawal Scale, and Tiffany Questionnaire for Smoking Urges in smokers with and without schizophrenia.
Comparison of women's diet assessed by FFQs and 24-hour recalls with and without underreporters: associations with biomarkers.
Male cardiovascular mortality and dietary markers in 25 population samples of 16 countries.
Dietary calcium as a potential modifier of the relationship of lead burden to blood pressure.
The significance of putative urinary markers of illicit heroin use after consumption of poppy seed products.
Adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern is positively associated with plasma adiponectin concentrations in diabetic women.
Factor analysis of fatty acids in serum lipids as a measure of dietary fat quality in relation to the metabolic syndrome in men.
Validity and reliability of adult recall of past sun exposure in a case-control study of multiple sclerosis.
Preliminary study of Ochratoxin A in human plasma in agricultural zones of Chile and its relation to food consumption.
Validated method for the determination of the ethanol consumption markers ethyl glucuronide, ethyl phosphate, and ethyl sulfate in human urine by reversed-phase/weak anion exchange liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.
Evaluation of the dietary effects of coenzyme Q in vivo by the oxidative stress marker, hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid and its stereoisomer ratio.
Gout Assessment Questionnaire: Initial results of reliability, validity and responsiveness.
Detection of alcohol consumption during pregnancy--current and future biomarkers.
Validity of protein, retinol, folic acid and n-3 fatty acid intakes estimated from the food-frequency questionnaire used in the Danish National Birth Cohort.
Development, validation, and use of English and Spanish versions of the telemedicine satisfaction and usefulness questionnaire.
Relationship of alcohol intake and sex steroid concentrations in blood in pre- and post-menopausal women: the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Lycopene consumption decreases oxidative stress and bone resorption markers in postmenopausal women.
Association of dietary fiber with temporal changes in serum cholesterol in Japanese-Brazilians.
Ethyl glucuronide in hair: Is it a reliable marker of chronic high levels of alcohol consumption?
alpha-Tocopherol intake and plasma concentration of Hispanic and non-Hispanic white elders is associated with dietary intake pattern.
Associations among maternal soy intake, isoflavone levels in urine and blood samples, and maternal and umbilical hormone concentrations (Japan).
IgAs against acetaldehyde-modified red cell protein as a marker of ethanol consumption in male alcoholic subjects, moderate drinkers, and abstainers.
Effect of nucleotide intake and nutritional recovery on insulin-like growth factor I and other hormonal biomarkers in severely malnourished children.
Coffee consumption and markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in healthy and diabetic women.
Risk of colorectal cancer is linked to erythrocyte compositions of fatty acids as biomarkers for dietary intakes of fish, fat, and fatty acids.
Association of serum concentration of organochlorine pesticides with dietary intake and other lifestyle factors among urban Chinese women.
The association of left ventricular mass with blood pressure, cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption; data from the LARGE Heart study.
Increased plasma oxidized phospholipid:apolipoprotein B-100 ratio with concomitant depletion of oxidized phospholipids from atherosclerotic lesions after dietary lipid-lowering: a potential biomarker of early atherosclerosis regression.
Dietary factors and biomarkers involved in the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase genotype-colorectal adenoma pathway.
A meta-analysis of literature data relating to the relationships between cadmium intake and toxicity indicators in humans.
Association between tofu intake and serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in the elderly Taiwanese.
New marker of colon cancer risk associated with heme intake: 1,4-dihydroxynonane mercapturic acid.
Dietary onion intake as part of a typical high fat diet improves indices of cardiovascular health using the mixed sex pig model.
Decrease in blood triglycerides associated with the consumption of eggs of hens fed with food supplemented with fish oil.
Phytosterols, but not pectin, added to a high-saturated-fat diet modify saturated fatty acid excretion in relation to chain length.
Higher self-reported physical activity is associated with lower systolic blood pressure: the Dietary Intervention Study in Childhood (DISC).
Biomarker validation of a long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid food frequency questionnaire.
Relation of insulin-like growth factor (IGF) I and IGF-binding protein 3 concentrations with intakes of fruit, vegetables, and antioxidants.
Validation of the assessment of folate and vitamin B12 intake in women of reproductive age: the method of triads.
Inflammation and oxidative stress markers by pentoxifylline treatment in rats with chronic renal failure and high sodium intake.
Plasma phylloquinone (vitamin K1) concentration and its relationship to intake in British adults aged 19-64 years.
Development and validation of a food frequency questionnaire for the assessment of dietary total antioxidant capacity.
Daily intake of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) by German children -- A comparison of two estimation models based on urinary DEHP metabolite levels.
Evaluation of nutritional status in patients with kidney disease: usefulness of dietary recall.
Effects of an antiatherogenic diet during pregnancy on markers of maternal and fetal endothelial activation and inflammation: the CARRDIP study.
Cortisol secretary pattern and glucocorticoid feedback sensitivity in women from a Mediterranean area: relationship with anthropometric characteristics, dietary intake and plasma fatty acid profile.
An increase in dietary n-3 fatty acids decreases a marker of bone resorption in humans.
Association between dietary habits, education, serum triglycerides and blood cholesterol among women of Cabildo, Buenos Aires.
Criterion validity of the BBUSQ-22: a questionnaire assessing bowel and urinary tract symptoms in women.
The relationships between macular pigment optical density and its constituent carotenoids in diet and serum.
Urinary acrylamide metabolites as biomarkers for short-term dietary exposure to acrylamide.
Dietary and lifestyle factors associated with blood pressure among U.S. adolescents.
Production of inflammatory cytokines by peripheral blood monocytes in chronic alcoholism: relationship with ethanol intake and liver disease.
A valid semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire to measure fish consumption.
Regional sympathetic denervation affects the relation between canine local myocardial blood flow and oxygen consumption.
Validation of a FFQ to estimate the intake of PUFA using plasma phospholipid fatty acids and weighed foods records.
Validation of a phytoestrogen food frequency questionnaire with urinary concentrations of isoflavones and lignan metabolites in premenopausal women.
Toenails as a biomarker of inorganic arsenic intake from drinking water and foods.
Change in plasma lutein after egg consumption is positively associated with plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein size but negatively correlated with body size in postmenopausal women.
Mediterranean diet, endothelial function and vascular inflammatory markers.
Evaluating associations between Mediterranean diet adherence indexes and biomarkers of diet and disease.
Effects of a high walnut and high cashew nut diet on selected markers of the metabolic syndrome: a controlled feeding trial.
Human exposure to PBDEs: associations of PBDE body burdens with food consumption and house dust concentrations.
Comparison of two dietary folate intake instruments and their validation by RBC folate.
Plasma concentrations of carotenoids and vitamin C are better correlated with dietary intake in normal weight than overweight and obese elderly subjects.
Magnesium intake and plasma concentrations of markers of systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in women.
Urinary excretion of 13 dietary flavonoids and phenolic acids in free-living healthy subjects - variability and possible use as biomarkers of polyphenol intake.
Association of maternal fat and alcohol intake with maternal and umbilical hormone levels and birth weight.
Dietary carbohydrate content influences boron's effect on lipid and protein indices in rats.
Relation between plasma enterodiol and enterolactone and dietary intake of lignans in a Dutch endoscopy-based population.
Factor structure and validity of the Medication Adherence Questionnaire (MAQ) with cigarette smokers trying to quit.
Relative validity of fruit and vegetable intake estimated by the food frequency questionnaire used in the Danish National Birth Cohort.
A randomised comparison of increase in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration after 4 weeks of daily oral intake of 10 microg cholecalciferol from multivitamin tablets or fish oil capsules in healthy young adults.
A reduction in alcohol consumption is associated with reduced plasma F2-isoprostanes and urinary 20-HETE excretion in men.
Reliability and validity of the Incontinence Quality of Life questionnaire in patients with neurogenic urinary incontinence.
Validation of three food frequency questionnaires to assess dietary calcium intake in adults.
Association between serum CRP concentrations with dietary intake in healthy and dyslipidaemic patients.
Development and validation of four-item version of Male Sexual Health Questionnaire to assess ejaculatory dysfunction.
Effects of plant sterol and stanol ester consumption on lipid metabolism, antioxidant status and markers of oxidative stress, endothelial function and low-grade inflammation in patients on current statin treatment.
Genetic deletion of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A is associated with resistance to atherosclerotic lesion development in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice challenged with a high-fat diet.
Effects of two marine dietary supplements with high calcium content on calcium metabolism and biochemical marker of bone resorption.
Associations between postprandial insulin and blood glucose responses, appetite sensations and energy intake in normal weight and overweight individuals: a meta-analysis of test meal studies.
Biomarkers to disclose recent intake of alcohol: potential of 5-hydroxytryptophol glucuronide testing using new direct UPLC-tandem MS and ELISA methods.
Studies of a urinary biomarker of dietary inorganic sulphur in subjects on diets containing 1-38 mmol sulphur/day and of the half-life of ingested 34SO4(2-).
Relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire used in the Inter99 study.
Increased plasma concentrations of lipoprotein(a) during a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet are associated with increased plasma concentrations of apolipoprotein C-III bound to apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins.
Twenty-four-hour urinary thiamine as a biomarker for the assessment of thiamine intake.
Oxytocinergic and serotonergic systems involvement in sodium intake regulation: satiety or hypertonicity markers?
Relationship of dietary protein and soy isoflavones to serum IGF-1 and IGF binding proteins in the Prostate Cancer Lifestyle Trial.
Nutrient and food intake in relation to serum leptin concentration among young Japanese women.
Effectiveness of a soy-based compared with a traditional low-calorie diet on weight loss and lipid levels in overweight adults.
Serum concentrations of interleukin-8 in relation to different levels of alcohol consumption.
Liver-specific increase of UTP and UDP-sugar concentrations in rats induced by dietary vitamin B6-deficiency and its relation to complex N-glycan structures of liver membrane-proteins.
Inflammatory markers are not altered by an eight week dietary alpha-linolenic acid intervention in healthy abdominally obese adult males and females.
Comparison between plasma and erythrocyte fatty acid content as biomarkers of fatty acid intake in US women.
Plasma n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as biomarkers of their dietary intakes: a cross-sectional study within a cohort of middle-aged French men and women.
Relationship between dietary folate intakes, maternal plasma total homocysteine and B-vitamins during pregnancy and fetal growth in Japan.
Dietary fat intake and relationship to serum lipid levels in HIV-infected patients with metabolic abnormalities in the HAART era.
Pinto bean consumption reduces biomarkers for heart disease risk.
An analysis of the relationship between plasma urea and ammonia concentration in dairy cattle fed a consistent diet over a 100-day period.
No effect on oxidative stress biomarkers by modified intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids or vegetables and fruit.
Epidemiologic assessment of sugars consumption using biomarkers: comparisons of obese and nonobese individuals in the European prospective investigation of cancer Norfolk.
Trace element levels in adults from the west coast of Canada and associations with age, gender, diet, activities, and levels of other trace elements.
Validity of Pelvic Pain, Urgency, and Frequency questionnaire in patients with interstitial cystitis/painful bladder syndrome.
Evaluation of folate status by serum and erythrocyte folate levels and dietary folate intake in Taiwanese schoolchildren.
A dietary iodine questionnaire: correlation with urinary iodine and food diaries.
Blood HDL cholesterol levels influence association of alcohol intake with blood pressure in young men but not in middle-aged men.
Consumption of isoflavone-rich soy protein does not alter homocysteine or markers of inflammation in postmenopausal women.
Genetic polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha modify the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and fasting HDL-cholesterol and apo A-I concentrations.
Urinary metabolites as biomarkers of acrylamide exposure in mice following dietary crisp bread administration or subcutaneous injection.
Hair mercury levels in relation to fish consumption in a community of the Moroccan Mediterranean coast.
Validity of a self-administered questionnaire, with reference to a clinical stress urinary incontinence test.
The association of a tobacco-specific biomarker and cigarette consumption and its dependence on host characteristics.
Phytanic acid: measurement of plasma concentrations by gas-liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis and associations with diet and other plasma fatty acids.
Cadmium dietary intake and biomarker data in French high seafood consumers.
Design characteristics of food frequency questionnaires in relation to their validity.
Total alpha-tocopherol intakes are associated with serum alpha-tocopherol concentrations in African American adults.
Comparison of demography, diet, lifestyle, and serum lipid levels between the Guangxi Bai Ku Yao and Han populations.
Life style habits such as alcohol consumption and physical activity in relation to serum apoB / apoA-I ratio amongst 64-year-old women with varying degrees of glucose tolerance.
Dietary iron intake and serum ferritin in relation to 7.5 years structure and function of large arteries in the SUVIMAX cohort.
The association between betaine and choline intakes and the plasma concentrations of homocysteine in women.
Statins and dietary and serum cholesterol are associated with increased lean mass following resistance training.
Effect of consumption of the nutrient-dense, freshwater small fish Amblypharyngodon mola on biochemical indicators of vitamin A status in Bangladeshi children: a randomised, controlled study of efficacy.
Low folate status enhanced benzene-induced cytogenetic damage in bone marrow of mice: a relationship between dietary intake and tissue levels of folate.
Plasma and dietary carotenoids are associated with reduced oxidative stress in women previously treated for breast cancer.
Validation of the Dutch version of the brief young adult alcohol consequences questionnaire (B-YAACQ).
Effect of dried-bonito broth intake on peripheral blood flow, mood, and oxidative stress marker in humans.
Ethnicity is an independent correlate of biomarkers of micronutrient intake and status in American adults.
Beef meat promotion of dimethylhydrazine-induced colorectal carcinogenesis biomarkers is suppressed by dietary calcium.
Milk intake and feeding behavior in the first week of life and its relationship to cord blood ghrelin, leptin, and insulin concentrations.
Reliability of studies of iodine intake and recommendations for number of samples in groups and in individuals.
The prevalence of low serum zinc and copper levels and dietary habits associated with serum zinc and copper in 12- to 36-month-old children from low-income families at risk for iron deficiency.
Alcohol consumption, cardiovascular health, and endothelial function markers.
Down-regulation of adhesion molecules and other inflammatory biomarkers after moderate wine consumption in healthy women: a randomized trial.
Interaction between dietary fat intake and the cholesterol ester transfer protein TaqIB polymorphism in relation to HDL-cholesterol concentrations among US diabetic men.
Decreased blood antioxidant capacity and increased lipid peroxidation in young cigarette smokers compared to nonsmokers: Impact of dietary intake.
Whole-grain intake as a marker of healthy body weight and adiposity.
Greater habitual soyfood consumption is associated with decreased carotid intima-media thickness and better plasma lipids in Chinese middle-aged adults.
Prevalence of hypertension and association of dietary mineral intake with blood pressure in healthy schoolchildren from northern Greece aged 7-15 years.
Long-term strict raw food diet is associated with favourable plasma beta-carotene and low plasma lycopene concentrations in Germans.
Relationships of blood lead to calcium, iron, and vitamin C intakes in Brazilian pregnant women.
Urine pH is an indicator of dietary acid-base load, fruit and vegetables and meat intakes: results from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Norfolk population study.
Carotenoid intakes, assessed by food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs), are associated with serum carotenoid concentrations in the Jackson Heart Study: validation of the Jackson Heart Study Delta NIRI Adult FFQs.
Dietary fiber is associated with serum sex hormones and insulin-related peptides in postmenopausal breast cancer survivors.
Evaluation of urinary iodine excretion as a biomarker for intake of milk and dairy products in pregnant women in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Coffee consumption is associated with higher plasma adiponectin concentrations in women with or without type 2 diabetes: a prospective cohort study.
Prenatal caffeine assessment: fetal and maternal biomarkers or self-reported intake?
Relation of dietary salt and aldosterone to urinary protein excretion in subjects with resistant hypertension.
The relation of soy intake and isoflavone levels in nipple aspirate fluid.
Pilot evaluation of functional questionnaire for predicting ability of patients with tetraplegia to self-catheterize after continent diversion.
Effect of carbohydrate intake during recovery from eccentric exercise on interleukin-6 and muscle-damage markers.
Critical care nurses' knowledge of evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with central venous catheters: an evaluation questionnaire.
Development and validation of a brief food frequency questionnaire for dietary lutein and zeaxanthin intake assessment in Italian women.
Validity of a new food frequency questionnaire for pregnant women in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Lowering effects of onion intake on oxidative stress biomarkers in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Urinary deoxynivalenol is correlated with cereal intake in individuals from the United kingdom.
Relationships between leptin levels and carbohydrate intake during rowing training.
Diet/genetic interactions and their effects on inflammatory markers.
Chronic dietary fat intake modifies the postprandial response of hemostatic markers to a single fatty test meal.
Dietary choline and betaine intakes in relation to concentrations of inflammatory markers in healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
Methylmercury exposure assessment using dietary and biomarker data among frequent seafood consumers in France CALIPSO study.
Dietary salt restriction increases plasma lipoprotein and inflammatory marker concentrations in hypertensive patients.
Plasma and dietary vitamin E in relation to insulin secretion and sensitivity.
Relationships between different types of fruit and vegetable consumption and serum concentrations of antioxidant vitamins.
Dietary plasma proteins modulate the immune response of diffuse gut-associated lymphoid tissue in rats challenged with Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxin B.
Comprehensive evaluation of bladder and urethral dysfunction symptoms: development and psychometric validation of the Urinary Symptom Profile (USP) questionnaire.
Effects of weight loss from a very-low-carbohydrate diet on endothelial function and markers of cardiovascular disease risk in subjects with abdominal obesity.
Consumption of green tea favorably affects oxidative stress markers in weight-trained men.
Relationship between response of gamma-glutamyltransferase to alcohol consumption and levels of fasting plasma glucose.
Dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is inversely associated with CRP levels, especially among male smokers.
Transfer of dietary zinc and fat to milk--evaluation of milk fat quality, milk fat precursors, and mastitis indicators.
Association between tortilla consumption and human urinary fumonisin B1 levels in a Mexican population.
Light to moderate alcohol consumption is associated with S100beta and amyloid beta levels in healthy older adults.
Effect of an exercise and dietary intervention on serum biomarkers in overweight and obese adults with osteoarthritis of the knee.
The relative impact of a vegetable-rich diet on key markers of health in a cohort of Australian adolescents.
Small (<2-cm) upper-tract urothelial carcinoma: evaluation with gadolinium-enhanced three-dimensional spoiled gradient-recalled echo MR urography.
Effects of moderate alcohol consumption on inflammatory biomarkers.
Dietary supplementation of glycine modulates inflammatory response indicators in broiler chickens.
Reliability and validity of a questionnaire to measure colorectal cancer screening behaviors: does mode of survey administration matter?
Nonaqueous capillary electrophoresis for analysis of the ethanol consumption biomarker phosphatidylethanol.
Bofutsushosan, an Oriental Herbal Medicine, Attenuates the Weight Gain of White Adipose Tissue and the Increased Size of Adipocytes Associated with the Increase in Their Expression of Uncoupling Protein 1 in High-Fat Diet-Fed Male KK/Ta mice.
Alkylresorcinols as biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake: plasma concentration and intake estimated from dietary records.
Inverse relation between dietary intake of naturally occurring plant sterols and serum cholesterol in northern Sweden.
Human metabolic phenotype diversity and its association with diet and blood pressure.
Fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and blood in humans and its use as a biomarker of dietary intake.
Blood levels of organotin compounds and their relation to fish consumption in Finland.
Validation of the MEDFICTS dietary assessment questionnaire in a diverse population.
The association between alcohol consumption and biomarkers of alcohol exposure with total serum immunoglobulin E levels.
Biomarkers of dietary intake of flavonoids and phenolic acids for studying diet-cancer relationship in humans.
Genetic variation of plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 in young crossbred ewes and its relationship with their maintenance feed intake at maturity and production traits.
Food selection based on total antioxidant capacity can modify antioxidant intake, systemic inflammation, and liver function without altering markers of oxidative stress.
Validation of soy protein estimates from a food-frequency questionnaire with repeated 24-h recalls and isoflavonoid excretion in overnight urine in a Western population with a wide range of soy intakes.
Association of diet and lifestyle with blood pressure in the Guangxi Hei Yi Zhuang and Han populations.
Fish oil in combination with high or low intakes of linoleic acid lowers plasma triacylglycerols but does not affect other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy men.
Choline status is not a reliable indicator of moderate changes in dietary choline consumption in premenopausal women.
A dietary pattern characterized by high consumption of whole-grain cereals and low-fat dairy products and low consumption of refined cereals is positively associated with plasma adiponectin levels in healthy women.
Systematic review, meta-analysis and regression of randomised controlled trials reporting an association between an intake of circa 25 g soya protein per day and blood cholesterol.
Comparison of enzymatically synthesized inulin, resistant maltodextrin and clofibrate effects on biomarkers of metabolic disease in rats fed a high-fat and high-sucrose (cafeteria) diet.
Association between dietary fiber and markers of systemic inflammation in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study.
Recombinant adeno-associated virus-mediated human kallikrein gene therapy prevents high-salt diet-induced hypertension without effect on basal blood pressure.
Serum TNF-alpha levels in relation to alcohol consumption and common TNF gene polymorphisms.
Associations between dietary methods and biomarkers, and between fruits and vegetables and risk of ischaemic heart disease, in the EPIC Norfolk Cohort Study.
The relationship between dietary protein intake and blood pressure: results from the PREMIER study.
Dietary factors associated with plasma high molecular weight and total adiponectin levels in apparently healthy women.
Carbohydrate intake modifies associations between ANGPTL4[E40K] genotype and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in White men from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Relationship of dietary linoleic acid to blood pressure. The International Study of Macro-Micronutrients and Blood Pressure Study [corrected].
A priori-defined dietary patterns and markers of cardiovascular disease risk in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Relations between dietary sodium and potassium intakes and mortality from cardiovascular disease: the Japan Collaborative Cohort Study for Evaluation of Cancer Risks.
Inflammatory markers and visceral fat are inversely associated with maximal oxygen consumption in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).
Abdominal adipose tissue: early metabolic dysfunction associated to insulin resistance and oxidative stress induced by an unbalanced diet.
Relation of iron and red meat intake to blood pressure: cross sectional epidemiological study.
Comparison of the effects of a high- and normal-casein breakfast on satiety, 'satiety' hormones, plasma amino acids and subsequent energy intake.
Cross-cultural development and psychometric evaluation of a patient-reported health-related quality of life questionnaire for adults with haemophilia.
Arabic validation of the Urogenital Distress Inventory and Adapted Incontinence Impact Questionnaires--short forms.
Pulsatile cerebrospinal fluid and plasma ghrelin in relation to growth hormone secretion and food intake in the sheep.
Acute effects of the very low carbohydrate diet on sleep indices.
Relation of dietary and other lifestyle traits to difference in serum adiponectin concentration of Japanese in Japan and Hawaii: the INTERLIPID Study.
Urinary sucrose and fructose as biomarkers of sugar consumption: comparison of normal weight and obese volunteers.
Variation in osteoarthritis biomarkers from activity not food consumption.
Blood oxidative stress biomarkers: influence of sex, exercise training status, and dietary intake.
Plasma alkylresorcinols and urinary alkylresorcinol metabolites as biomarkers of cereal fiber intake in Finnish women.
Adequate Intake levels of choline are sufficient for preventing elevations in serum markers of liver dysfunction in Mexican American men but are not optimal for minimizing plasma total homocysteine increases after a methionine load.
Association between blood pressure responses to the cold pressor test and dietary sodium intervention in a Chinese population.
Time course of high-fat diet-induced reductions in adipose tissue mitochondrial proteins: potential mechanisms and the relationship to glucose intolerance.
Food frequency questionnaires and overnight urines are valid indicators of daidzein and genistein intake in U.S. women relative to multiple 24-h urine samples.
Regular consumption of dark chocolate is associated with low serum concentrations of C-reactive protein in a healthy Italian population.
Up-regulated expression of microRNA-143 in association with obesity in adipose tissue of mice fed high-fat diet.
Zinc intake and biochemical markers of bone turnover in type 1 diabetes.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal construct validity of the Saint George's Respiratory Questionnaire in patients with IPF.
Beverage-specific effects of ethanol consumption on its biological markers.
Meta-analysis of the quantity of calcium excretion associated with the net acid excretion of the modern diet under the acid-ash diet hypothesis.
The relationship between usual coffee consumption and serum C-reactive protein level in a Japanese female population.
Bean consumption is associated with greater nutrient intake, reduced systolic blood pressure, lower body weight, and a smaller waist circumference in adults: results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002.
The relationship of serum osteocalcin concentration to insulin secretion, sensitivity, and disposal with hypocaloric diet and resistance training.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire measurement of dietary acrylamide intake using hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and glycidamide.
Deficiency and supplementation of PUFA in the diet have similar effects on the age-associated changes in rat-plasma cholesterol levels.
Blood oxidative stress markers in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and how it correlates with diet.
Development and validation of the short form of a urinary quality of life questionnaire: SF-Qualiveen.
Association between alcohol intake and serum sex hormones and peptides differs by tamoxifen use in breast cancer survivors.
Selenium intake reduces serum C3, an early marker of metabolic syndrome manifestations, in healthy young adults.
Relationship between fish intake, n-3 fatty acids, mercury and risk markers of CHD (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002).
Mercury in human hair as an indicator of the fish consumption.
N2-ethyldeoxyguanosine as a potential biomarker for assessing effects of alcohol consumption on DNA.
Antioxidant effects of a dietary supplement: reduction of indices of oxidative stress in normal subjects by water-soluble chitosan.
Dietary intake and serum bone related chemistry and their correlations in postmenopausal Iranian women.
Relationship of urinary arsenic metabolites to intake estimates in residents of the Red River Delta, Vietnam.
Evaluation of supplementary stevia (Stevia rebaudiana, bertoni) leaves and stevioside in broiler diets: effects on feed intake, nutrient metabolism, blood parameters and growth performance.
Monetary cost of self-reported diet in relation to biomarker-based estimates of nutrient intake in young Japanese women.
Evaluation of urgency in women, with a validated Urgency, Severity and Impact Questionnaire (USIQ).
Monoclonal antibody development for acrylamide-adducted human haemoglobin; a biomarker of dietary acrylamide exposure.
Psychometric validation of the overactive bladder satisfaction with treatment questionnaire (OAB-SAT-q).
Chardonnay grape seed procyanidin extract supplementation prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity in hamsters by improving adipokine imbalance and oxidative stress markers.
Impact of body weight on the relationship between alcohol intake and blood pressure.
Dose response of whole-grain biomarkers: alkylresorcinols in human plasma and their metabolites in urine in relation to intake.
Polymorphisms cyclooxygenase-2 -765G>C and interleukin-6 -174G>C are associated with serum inflammation markers in a high cardiovascular risk population and do not modify the response to a Mediterranean diet supplemented with virgin olive oil or nuts.
Red meat intake is associated with metabolic syndrome and the plasma C-reactive protein concentration in women.
Total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein in young Japanese women.
Consumption of breakfast cereal is associated with positive health outcomes: evidence from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study.
Following 2 diet-restricted male outdoor rock climbers: impact on oxidative stress and improvements in markers of cardiovascular risk.
Effects of soy isoflavone consumption on bone structure and milk mineral concentration in a rat model of lactation-associated bone loss.
Evaluation of new leptin fragments on food intake and body weight of normal rats.
Validation of an FFQ for evaluation of EPA and DHA intake.
Dietary exposure and biomarkers of arsenic in consumers of fish and shellfish from France.
Plasma adiponectin concentrations are associated with body composition and plant-based dietary factors in female twins.
Dietary calcium and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D status in relation to BMD among U.S. adults.
13C natural abundance in serum retinol acts as a biomarker for increases in dietary provitamin A.
Plasma C-peptide is inversely associated with calcium intake in women and with plasma 25-hydroxy vitamin D in men.
Psychometric validation of the Chinese version of the Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised for patients with hypertension.
Latency and persistence of diet volatile biomarkers in lamb fats.
Elevation of oxidative-damage biomarkers during aging in F2 hybrid mice: protection by chronic oral intake of resveratrol.
Adult women's blood mercury concentrations vary regionally in the United States: association with patterns of fish consumption (NHANES 1999-2004).
Resveratrol metabolites in urine as a biomarker of wine intake in free-living subjects: The PREDIMED Study.
Genetic variants in phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase and methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase influence biomarkers of choline metabolism when folate intake is restricted.
Red blood cell delta15N: a novel biomarker of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intake.
Pregame urine specific gravity and fluid intake by National Basketball Association players during competition.
The influence of dietary selenium on common indicators of selenium status and liver glutathione peroxidase-1 messenger ribonucleic acid.
Dietary selenium intake is negatively associated with serum sialic acid and metabolic syndrome features in healthy young adults.
Validation of the self-completed Cambridge-Hopkins questionnaire (CH-RLSq) for ascertainment of restless legs syndrome (RLS) in a population survey.
Incontinence quality of life questionnaire (I-QOL): translation and validation study of the Iranian version.
Associations between marine food consumption and plasma concentrations of POPs in a Norwegian coastal population.
Effects of waking time and breakfast intake prior to evaluation of psychomotor performance in the early morning.
Lutein concentration in human milk during early lactation and its relationship with dietary lutein intake.
The effects of dietary fibre on C-reactive protein, an inflammation marker predicting cardiovascular disease.
Associations between macronutrient intake and self-reported appetite and fasting levels of appetite hormones: results from the Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease.
Arabic validation of the short form of Urogenital Distress Inventory (UDI-6) questionnaire.
Dietary protein during gestation affects circulating indicators of placental function and fetal development in heifers.
Effect of broccoli intake on markers related to oxidative stress and cancer risk in healthy smokers and nonsmokers.
Effect of diet-induced energy deficit and body fat reduction on high-sensitive CRP and other inflammatory markers in obese subjects.
Effect of dietary iron overload in rat brain: oxidative stress, neurotransmitter level and serum metal ion in relation to neurodegenerative disorders.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and its relation to markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in adolescents.
Validation of an antioxidant nutrient questionnaire in whites and African Americans.
Relationship between dietary exposure and serum perfluorochemical (PFC) levels--a case study.
Association of cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, and physical activity with sex steroid hormone levels in US men.
Comparison of three commercially available prescription diet regimens on short-term post-prandial serum glucose and insulin concentrations in healthy cats.
Associations between blood gastrin, ghrelin, leptin, pepsinogen and Ostertagia ostertagi antibody concentrations and voluntary feed intake in calves exposed to a trickle infection with O. ostertagi.
Toxicological and Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of Concomitant Intake of Grapefruit Juice and Simvastatin in Rats after Repeated Treatment over 28 Days.
Increased CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T cells in peripheral blood of celiac disease patients: correlation with dietary treatment.
Increased consumption of wheat biofortified with selenium does not modify biomarkers of cancer risk, oxidative stress, or immune function in healthy Australian males.
The association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and adiponectin levels among healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
Evaluation of an FFQ for assessment of antioxidant intake using plasma biomarkers in an ethnically diverse population.
Modified alternate-day fasting and cardioprotection: relation to adipose tissue dynamics and dietary fat intake.
Associations of maternal prenatal dietary intake of n-3 and n-6 fatty acids with maternal and umbilical cord blood levels.
Relationship between caffeine intake and plasma sex hormone concentrations in premenopausal and postmenopausal women.
Comparison of the fast-induced and high dietary zinc-induced molting: trace elements dynamic in serum and eggs at different production stages in hens (Gallus domesticus).
IgA immune responses against acetaldehyde adducts and biomarkers of alcohol consumption in patients with IgA glomerulonephritis.
High dietary taurine reduces apoptosis and atherosclerosis in the left main coronary artery: association with reduced CCAAT/enhancer binding protein homologous protein and total plasma homocysteine but not lipidemia.
A comparison of antibody testing, permeability testing, and zonulin levels with small-bowel biopsy in celiac disease patients on a gluten-free diet.
Associations of dietary long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and fish with biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation (from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis [MESA]).
Comparison of ethyl glucuronide in hair with carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum as markers of chronic high levels of alcohol consumption.
The development and evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire used in assessing vitamin D intake in a sample of healthy young Canadian adults of diverse ancestry.
The association between diet and serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
Validity of estimated dietary eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intakes determined by interviewer-administered food frequency questionnaire among older adults with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment or dementia.
Ala54Thr polymorphism of the fatty acid binding protein 2 gene and saturated fat intake in relation to lipid levels and insulin resistance: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study.
The effects of a low-sodium base-producing diet including red meat compared with a high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet on bone turnover markers in women aged 45-75 years.
Association of CYP7A1 -278A>C polymorphism and the response of plasma triglyceride after dietary intervention in dyslipidemic patients.
Association between dietary heterocyclic amine levels, genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 and risk of colorectal cancer: a hospital-based case-control study in Japan.
Update on common indicators of nutritional status: food access, food consumption, and biochemical measures of iron and anemia.
Associations between dietary macronutrient intake and plasma lipids demonstrate criterion performance of the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) food-frequency questionnaire.
Stroke and plasma markers of milk fat intake--a prospective nested case-control study.
Metabolite profiling of hydroxycinnamate derivatives in plasma and urine after the ingestion of coffee by humans: identification of biomarkers of coffee consumption.
Waist circumference and fat intake are associated with high blood pressure in Mexican children aged 8 to 10 years.
Foods E-KINDEX: a dietary index associated with reduced blood pressure levels among young children: the CYKIDS study.
Genetic associations of residual feed intake with serum insulin-like growth factor-I and leptin concentrations, meat quality, and carcass cross sectional fat area ratios in Duroc pigs.
Women with endometriosis improved their peripheral antioxidant markers after the application of a high antioxidant diet.
Reliability and validity of a semi-quantitative FFQ for sodium intake in low-income and low-literacy Brazilian hypertensive subjects.
Exploration of biomarkers for total fish intake in pregnant Norwegian women.
A biomarker approach to estimate the daily intake of benzene in non-smoking and smoking individuals in Germany.
Feeding a diet with decreased protein content reduces indices of protein fermentation and the incidence of postweaning diarrhea in weaned pigs challenged with an enterotoxigenic strain of Escherichia coli.
Relations between protein intake and blood pressure in Japanese men and women: the Circulatory Risk in Communities Study (CIRCS).
Inhibition of markers of bone resorption by consumption of vitamin D and calcium-fortified soft plain cheese by institutionalised elderly women.
Sexual maturation affects diet-blood total cholesterol association in children: Project HeartBeat!
Selective detection of phosphatidylethanol homologues in blood as biomarkers for alcohol consumption by LC-ESI-MS/MS.
Changes in vitamin biomarkers during a 2-year intervention trial involving increased fruit and vegetable consumption by free-living volunteers.
Effects of unsaturated fat dietary supplements on blood lipids, and on markers of malnutrition and inflammation in hemodialysis patients.
Psychometric validation and use of a novel diabetes in-patient treatment satisfaction questionnaire.
Carbohydrate restriction, as a first-line dietary intervention, effectively reduces biomarkers of metabolic syndrome in Emirati adults.
Carotenoid, tocopherol, and fatty acid biomarkers and dietary intake estimated by using a brief self-administered diet history questionnaire for older Japanese children and adolescents.
Sea ice-associated diet change increases the levels of chlorinated and brominated contaminants in polar bears.
Validation of a FFQ for estimating whole-grain cereal food intake.
Dietary intakes of alpha-linolenic and linoleic acids are inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein levels among Japanese men.
Relationship among dietary estimates of net endogenous acid production, bone mineral density and biochemical markers of bone turnover in an Iranian general population.
Methodological aspects for metabolome visualization and characterization: a metabolomic evaluation of the 24 h evolution of human urine after cocoa powder consumption.
A comparison of 24 h urinary deoxynivalenol with recent v. average cereal consumption for UK adults.
Biomarkers of dietary energy restriction in women at increased risk of breast cancer.
Lack of correlation between calcium intake and serum calcium levels in stable haemodialysis subjects.
Toxicological evaluation of 10% Solanum lycocarpum St. Hill fruit consumption in the diet of growing rats: hematological, biochemical and histopathological effects.
Dietary patterns and cardiovascular risk markers in the UK Low Income Diet and Nutrition Survey.
The relationship of ready-to-eat cereal consumption to nutrient intake, blood lipids, and body mass index of children as they age through adolescence.
A 3 years follow-up of a Mediterranean diet rich in virgin olive oil is associated with high plasma antioxidant capacity and reduced body weight gain.
Total antioxidant performance is associated with diet and serum antioxidants in participants of the diet and physical activity substudy of the Jackson Heart Study.
Synergistic association between alcohol intake and body mass index with serum alanine and aspartate aminotransferase levels in older adults: the Rancho Bernardo Study.
The relationship between fasting plasma concentrations of selected flavonoids and their ordinary dietary intake.
Dietary patterns and markers for the metabolic syndrome in Australian adolescents.
The increase in human plasma antioxidant capacity after acute coffee intake is not associated with endogenous non-enzymatic antioxidant components.
Prospective questionnaire-based evaluation of the prevalence of urinary incontinence in women with chronic cough.
Analysis of magnesium contents in commonly consumed foods and evaluation of its daily intake in Korean independent-living subjects.
Alcohol consumption is associated with high concentrations of urinary hydroxytyrosol.
Plasma pharmacokinetics of alkylresorcinol metabolites: new candidate biomarkers for whole-grain rye and wheat intake.
Dystocia in 3-year-old beef heifers; relationship to maternal nutrient intake during early- and mid-gestation, pelvic area and hormonal indicators of placental function.
Correlation between blood pressure responses to dietary sodium and potassium intervention in a Chinese population.
Short-term high dietary calcium intake during bedrest has no effect on markers of bone turnover in healthy men.
Clinical and psychometric validation of the EORTC QLQ-CR29 questionnaire module to assess health-related quality of life in patients with colorectal cancer.
Markers for the validation of reported dietary intake in adults with cystic fibrosis.
Prospective associations among cereal intake in childhood and adiposity, lipid levels, and physical activity during late adolescence.
The questionnaire for urinary incontinence diagnosis (QUID): validity and responsiveness to change in women undergoing non-surgical therapies for treatment of stress predominant urinary incontinence.
Dietary supplementation with alpha-amylase inhibitor wheat albumin to high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant rats is associated with increased expression of genes related to fatty acid synthesis in adipose tissue.
Reliability and relative validity of an FFQ for nutrients in the Tehran lipid and glucose study.
The association between high plasma homocysteine levels and lower bone mineral density in Slovak women: the impact of vegetarian diet.
A metabolite profiling approach to identify biomarkers of flavonoid intake in humans.
Discriminated benefits of a Mediterranean dietary pattern within a hypocaloric diet program on plasma RBP4 concentrations and other inflammatory markers in obese subjects.
Apolipoprotein A5 polymorphisms interact with total dietary fat intake in association with markers of metabolic syndrome in Puerto Rican older adults.
Dietary patterns are linked to cardiovascular risk factors but not to inflammatory markers in Alaska Eskimos.
Melanin-concentrating hormone 1-receptor antagonist suppresses body weight gain correlated with high receptor occupancy levels in diet-induced obesity mice.
Validity of the Danish Prostate Symptom Score questionnaire in stroke.
Blood glutathione peroxidase-1 mRNA levels can be used as molecular biomarkers to determine dietary selenium requirements in rats.
Effect of almond-enriched high-monounsaturated fat diet on selected markers of inflammation: a randomised, controlled, crossover study.
Iron status biomarkers in iron deficient women consuming oily fish versus red meat diet.
Consumption of a legume-enriched, low-glycemic index diet is associated with biomarkers of insulin resistance and inflammation among men at risk for colorectal cancer.
Dietary intake and serum levels of iron in relation to oxidative stress in breast cancer patients.
Relations of dietary magnesium intake to biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in an ethnically diverse cohort of postmenopausal women.
Validation of an Arabic ADAM questionnaire for androgen deficiency screening in the Arab community.
Myocardial blood volume is associated with myocardial oxygen consumption: an experimental study with cardiac magnetic resonance in a canine model.
Validation of a web-based dietary questionnaire designed for the DASH (dietary approaches to stop hypertension) diet: the DASH online questionnaire.
Higher habitual intake of dietary fat and carbohydrates are associated with lower leptin and higher ghrelin concentrations in overweight and obese postmenopausal women with elevated insulin levels.
Plasma beta-carotene is not a suitable biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake in german subjects with a long-term high consumption of fruits and vegetables.
Relationship between blood and urine alcohol concentrations in apprehended drivers who claimed consumption of alcohol after driving with and without supporting evidence.
Development and reliability of an instrument to measure psychosocial determinants of salt consumption among hypertensive patients.
Development and validation of a questionnaire to assess carbohydrate and insulin-dosing knowledge in youth with type 1 diabetes.
Effects of dietary supplementation of high-dose folic acid on biomarkers of methylating reaction in vitamin B(12)-deficient rats.
Validation of an FFQ to estimate the intake of fatty acids using erythrocyte membrane fatty acids and multiple 3d dietary records.
Diet supplementation with acai (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) pulp improves biomarkers of oxidative stress and the serum lipid profile in rats.
The sex-specific role of plasma folate in mediating the association of dietary quality with depressive symptoms.
Energy expenditure and oxygen consumption as novel biomarkers of obesity-induced cardiac disease in rats.
Dietary administration of sodium arsenite to rats: relations between dose and urinary concentrations of methylated and thio-metabolites and effects on the rat urinary bladder epithelium.
Association between dietary heterocyclic amine levels, genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 and risk of stomach cancer: a hospital-based case-control study in Japan.
Biochemical validation of food frequency questionnaire-estimated carotenoid, alpha-tocopherol, and folate intakes among African Americans and non-Hispanic Whites in the Southern Community Cohort Study.
Daily intake of 4 to 7 microg dietary vitamin B-12 is associated with steady concentrations of vitamin B-12-related biomarkers in a healthy young population.
Validation of protein intake assessed from weighed dietary records against protein estimated from 24 h urine samples in children, adolescents and young adults participating in the Dortmund Nutritional and Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) Study.
11-nor-Delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid ethyl ester (THC-COOEt): unsuccessful search for a marker of combined cannabis and alcohol consumption.
Validity of brief food frequency questionnaire for estimation of dietary intakes of folate, vitamins B6 and B12, and their associations with plasma homocysteine concentrations.
Alcohol intake and systemic markers of inflammation--shape of the association according to sex and body mass index.
Associations of very high intakes of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids with biomarkers of chronic disease risk among Yup'ik Eskimos.
Association between hair mineral and age, BMI and nutrient intakes among Korean female adults.
Impact of adopting low sodium diet on biomarkers of inflammation and coagulation: a randomised controlled trial.
Effects of the DASH diet alone and in combination with exercise and weight loss on blood pressure and cardiovascular biomarkers in men and women with high blood pressure: the ENCORE study.
Antioxidant nutrient intakes and corresponding biomarkers associated with the risk of atopic dermatitis in young children.
The effect of saffron consumption on biochemical and histopathological heart indices of rats with myocardial infarction.
Relationships between fluoride intake, urinary fluoride excretion and fluoride retention in children and adults: an analysis of available data.
Strawberry consumption is associated with increased antioxidant capacity in serum.
Reliability and clinical validity of a Polish version of the CONTILIFE: a quality of life questionnaire for urinary incontinence.
Chinese validation of Urogenital Distress Inventory and Incontinence Impact Questionnaire short form.
Frequency of soup intake and amount of dietary fiber intake are inversely associated with plasma leptin concentrations in Japanese adults.
Brain nonoxidative carbohydrate consumption is not explained by export of an unknown carbon source: evaluation of the arterial and jugular venous metabolome.
Relation of coffee consumption and serum liver enzymes in Japanese men and women with reference to effect modification of alcohol use and body mass index.
Choline intake exceeding current dietary recommendations preserves markers of cellular methylation in a genetic subgroup of folate-compromised men.
Association between gamma-glutamyltransferase levels and insulin resistance according to alcohol consumption and number of cigarettes smoked.
Association of dietary AGEs with circulating AGEs, glycated LDL, IL-1 and MCP-1 levels in type 2 diabetic patients.
Markers of cardiovascular risk are not changed by increased whole-grain intake: the WHOLEheart study, a randomised, controlled dietary intervention.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene -308 G/A polymorphism modulates the relationship between dietary fat intake, serum lipids, and obesity risk in black South African women.
Association between food group intake and serum total cholesterol in the Japanese population: NIPPON DATA 80/90.
Chocolate consumption in relation to blood pressure and risk of cardiovascular disease in German adults.
Circulating visfatin levels in healthy preterm infants are independently associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Biomarkers of meat intake and the application of nutrigenomics.
Blood cadmium concentrations of male cigarette smokers are inversely associated with fruit consumption.
Comparison of the effects of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and ileal transposition surgeries on food intake, body weight, and circulating peptide YY concentrations in rats.
Biochemical risk indices, including plasma homocysteine, that prospectively predict mortality in older British people: the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of People Aged 65 Years and Over.
Effect of individualized exercise training combined with diet restriction on inflammatory markers and IGF-1/IGFBP-3 in obese children.
Mouse urinary biomarkers provide signatures of maturation, diet, stress level, and diurnal rhythm.
Evaluation of aminoglycoside clearance using the modification of diet in renal disease equation versus the Cockcroft-Gault equation as a marker of glomerular filtration rate.
Relationship between alcohol consumption and serum adiponectin levels: the Takahata study--a cross-sectional study of a healthy Japanese population.
Comparison of pre-workout nitric oxide stimulating dietary supplements on skeletal muscle oxygen saturation, blood nitrate/nitrite, lipid peroxidation, and upper body exercise performance in resistance trained men.
Physical exercise, fitness and dietary pattern and their relationship with circadian blood pressure pattern, augmentation index and endothelial dysfunction biological markers: EVIDENT study protocol.
Relationship between dietary sodium, potassium, and calcium, anthropometric indexes, and blood pressure in young and middle aged Korean adults.
High habitual dietary alpha-linolenic acid intake is associated with decreased plasma soluble interleukin-6 receptor concentrations in male twins.
The relative influence of calcium intake and vitamin D status on serum parathyroid hormone and bone turnover biomarkers in a double-blind, placebo-controlled parallel group, longitudinal factorial design.
Associations between mammographic density and serum and dietary cholesterol.
Biomarkers of alcohol consumption and related liver disease.
Changes in mucosal alpha-glucosidase activities along the jejunal-ileal axis by an Hm-HACS diet intake are associated with decreased lipogenic enzyme activity in epididymal adipose tissue.
Effects of chocolate milk consumption on markers of muscle recovery following soccer training: a randomized cross-over study.
Interleukin-6 as a potential indicator for prevention of high-risk adenoma recurrence by dietary flavonols in the polyp prevention trial.
Biomarkers of dietary exposure are associated with lower risk of breast fibroadenomas in Chinese women.
Evaluation of safety of excessive intake and efficacy of long-term intake of beverages containing apple polyphenols.
Overview and initial validation of two detailed, multidimensional, retrospective measures of substance use: the Lifetime Substance Use Recall (LSUR) and Longitudinal Substance Use Recall for 12 Weeks (LSUR-12) Instruments.
Calorie control increased vaspin levels of serum and periepididymal adipose tissue in diet-induced obese rats in association with serum free fatty acid and tumor necrosis factor alpha.
Reducing consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with reduced blood pressure: a prospective study among United States adults.
Validity of food frequency questionnaire estimated intakes of folate and other B vitamins in a region without folic acid fortification.
Serum urate and its relationship with alcoholic beverage intake in men and women: findings from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort.
Plasma retinol and association with socio-demographic and dietary characteristics of free-living older persons: the Bordeaux sample of the three-city study.
Dietary vitamin D intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level in relation to disease outcomes in head and neck cancer patients.
A single nucleotide polymorphism in the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase gene ( HMGCR) influences the serum triacylglycerol relationship with dietary fat and fibre in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition in Norfolk (EPIC-Norfolk) study.
Validation of the human activity profile questionnaire in patients after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Effects of dietary fat modification on oxidative stress and inflammatory markers in the LIPGENE study.
A comparison of deoxynivalenol intake and urinary deoxynivalenol in UK adults.
Effects of low-fat dairy consumption on markers of low-grade systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight and obese subjects: an intervention study.
Effect of taurine supplementation on hyperhomocysteinemia and markers of oxidative stress in high fructose diet induced insulin resistance.
Comparison of different sources and degrees of hydrolysis of dietary protein: effect on plasma amino acids, dipeptides, and insulin responses in human subjects.
Recent substance intake among patients admitted to acute psychiatric wards: physician's assessment and on-site urine testing compared with comprehensive laboratory analyses.
Is marine mammal fat or fish intake most strongly associated with omega-3 blood levels among the Nunavik Inuit?
Cereal consumption and indicators of cardiovascular risk in adolescent girls.
Effects of margarines and butter consumption on lipid profiles, inflammation markers and lipid transfer to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome.
Effect of chronic intake of arsenic-contaminated water on blood oxidative stress indices in cattle in an arsenic-affected zone.
The beverage intake questionnaire: determining initial validity and reliability.
Persistence of blood changes associated with alteration of the dietary electrolyte balance in commercial pigs after feed withdrawal, transportation, and lairage, and the effects on performance and carcass quality.
Development and validation of a questionnaire to identify severe maternal morbidity in epidemiological surveys.
Independent influence of dietary protein on markers of kidney function and disease in obesity.
Prevalence of the equol-producer phenotype and its relationship with dietary isoflavone and serum lipids in healthy Chinese adults.
Relation of dietary and lifestyle traits to difference in serum leptin of Japanese in Japan and Hawaii: the INTERLIPID study.
Free fruit at workplace intervention increases total fruit intake: a validation study using 24h dietary recall and urinary flavonoid excretion.
Effect of increased consumption of whole-grain foods on blood pressure and other cardiovascular risk markers in healthy middle-aged persons: a randomized controlled trial.
Noninvasive assessment of dermal carotenoids as a biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake.
Iron intake, red cell indicators of iron status, and DNA damage in young subjects.
Sublingual and submandibular blood collection in mice: a comparison of effects on body weight, food consumption and tissue damage.
High-fat diet lowers the nutritional status indicators of pantothenic acid in weaning rats.
Postdiagnosis diet quality is inversely related to a biomarker of inflammation among breast cancer survivors.
Gains in statistical power from using a dietary biomarker in combination with self-reported intake to strengthen the analysis of a diet-disease association: an example from CAREDS.
Urinary fructose: a potential biomarker for dietary fructose intake in children.
An inverse association between serum leptin concentration and reported alcohol intake in patients with manifest vascular disease.
Linguistic validation of the N-QOL (ICIQ), OAB-q (ICIQ), PPBC, OAB-S and ICIQ-MLUTSsex questionnaires in 16 languages.
Validity of the international consultation on incontinence questionnaire-pediatric lower urinary tract symptoms: a screening questionnaire for children.
Inclusion of Atlantic salmon in the Chinese diet reduces cardiovascular disease risk markers in dyslipidemic adult men.
Increase in HDL-C concentration by a dietary portfolio with soy protein and soluble fiber is associated with the presence of the ABCA1R230C variant in hyperlipidemic Mexican subjects.
Alcohol consumption and markers of inflammation in women with preclinical rheumatoid arthritis.
No altered blood pressure and serum markers of oxidative stress after a long time dietary fish oil in the genetically 9 month-old type-2 diabetes Zucker rat.
Mediterranean diet, inflammatory and metabolic biomarkers, and risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Reproducibility and relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of dietary flavonol and flavone in Chinese university campus population.
Reliability and validity of food frequency questionnaire and nutrient biomarkers in elders with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Chocolate consumption is inversely associated with prevalent coronary heart disease: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
Genetic correlation of blood pressure responses to dietary sodium and potassium intervention and cold pressor test in Chinese population.
Two non-consecutive 24 h recalls using EPIC-Soft software are sufficiently valid for comparing protein and potassium intake between five European centres--results from the European Food Consumption Validation (EFCOVAL) study.
A restricted cubic spline approach to assess the association between high fat fish intake and red blood cell EPA + DHA content.
Association of Japanese dietary pattern with serum adiponectin concentration in Japanese adult men.
Relationship of PCDD/F concentrations in duck-egg farmers and consumption of ranched duck eggs in central Taiwan.
How useful are the BSUG database outcome criteria: validation using the MESA questionnaire.
Consumption of serum lipid-reducing drugs in Serbia compared with Scandinavian countries: a population-based study, 2004-2008.
An association between dietary arachidonic acid, measured in adipose tissue, and ulcerative colitis.
Association of circulating visfatin concentrations with insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation after dietary energy restriction in Spanish obese non-diabetic women: role of body composition changes.
Validation of web-based administration of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
Rye whole grain and bran intake compared with refined wheat decreases urinary C-peptide, plasma insulin, and prostate specific antigen in men with prostate cancer.
Brown adipose tissue redox status in response to dietary-induced obesity-associated oxidative stress in male and female rats.
Dietary fiber and serum 16-hydroxyestrone, an estrogen metabolite associated with lower systolic blood pressure.
Determination of new biomarkers to monitor the dietary consumption of isothiocyanates.
Dairy products consumption is associated with decreased levels of inflammatory markers related to cardiovascular disease in apparently healthy adults: the ATTICA study.
Urinary lithiasis and idiopathic hypercalciuria: the importance of dietary intake evaluation.
Exercise-associated hyponatremia: the influence of pre-exercise carbohydrate status combined with high volume fluid intake on sodium concentrations and fluid balance.
Fish consumption and myocardial infarction: a second prospective biomarker study from northern Sweden.
The association of plasma resistin with dietary sodium manipulation, the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 in human hypertension.
The association between salt intake and adult systolic blood pressure is modified by birth weight.
The effects of a high-fat, high-cholesterol diet on markers of uterine contractility during parturition in the rat.
Differences in male and female adolescents from various racial groups in the relationship between insulin resistance-associated parameters with sugar-sweetened beverage intake and physical activity levels.
Urinary excretion of the acrylonitrile metabolite 2-cyanoethylmercapturic acid is correlated with a variety of biomarkers of tobacco smoke exposure and consumption.
Dietary bitter melon seed increases peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor- gene expression in adipose tissue, down-regulates the nuclear factor-B expression, and alleviates the symptoms associated with metabolic syndrome.
Changes in adipocyte cell size, gene expression of lipid metabolism markers, and lipolytic responses induced by dietary fish oil replacement in gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata L.).
Validation of the Finnish diabetes risk score (FINDRISC) questionnaire for screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes, dysglycaemia and the metabolic syndrome in Greece.
Increased vitamin E intake is associated with higher alpha-tocopherol concentration in the maternal circulation but higher alpha-carboxyethyl hydroxychroman concentration in the fetal circulation.
Dietary, but not supplemental, intakes of carotenoids and vitamin C are associated with decreased odds of lower urinary tract symptoms in men.
Applying the triads method in the validation of dietary intake using biomarkers.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess the consumption of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables among adolescents: the method of triads.
Effect of diet with and without exercise training on markers of inflammation and fat distribution in overweight women.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in subjects with and without major depressive disorder.
Evaluation of 2 methods for sodium intake assessment in cardiac patients with and without heart failure: the confounding effect of loop diuretics.
Circulating levels and dietary intake of the advanced glycation end-product marker carboxymethyl lysine in chronic kidney disease patients on conservative predialysis therapy: a pilot study.
Biomarker-calibrated energy and protein consumption and cardiovascular disease risk among postmenopausal women.
Metabolic indices, energy and macronutrient intake according to weight status in a rural sample of 17-year-old adolescents.
Development and validation of The Personal Diabetes Questionnaire (PDQ): a measure of diabetes self-care behaviors, perceptions and barriers.
Reducing Cholesterol Intake: Are the recommendations valid?
Protective effect of Garcinia against renal oxidative stress and biomarkers induced by high fat and sucrose diet.
The EORTC Quality of Life questionnaire for patients with colorectal cancer: EORTC QLQ-CR29 validation study for Spanish patients.
High dietary and plasma levels of the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid are associated with decreased dementia risk: the Rancho Bernardo study.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase variants associated with hypertension and cardiovascular disease interact with dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids to modulate plasma homocysteine in puerto rican adults.
Relative validity of fruit and vegetable intake estimated from an FFQ, using carotenoid and flavonoid biomarkers and the method of triads.
Major habitual dietary patterns are associated with acute myocardial infarction and cardiovascular risk markers in a southern European population.
T(2) preparation method for measuring hyperemic myocardial O(2) consumption: in vivo validation by positron emission tomography.
A critical evaluation of the creatinine correction approach: can it underestimate intakes of phthalates? A case study with di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate.
Validation of the Swedish short forms of the Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7), Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
A dual investigation of the effect of dietary supplementation with licorice flavonoid oil on anthropometric and biochemical markers of health and adiposity.
Antioxidant-rich food intakes and their association with blood total antioxidant status and vitamin C and E levels in community-dwelling seniors from the Quebec longitudinal study NuAge.
Selected dietary flavonoids are associated with markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in U.S. women.
Association between dietary pattern and serum C-reactive protein in Japanese men and women.
25-Hydroxyvitamin D is associated with plasma renin activity and the pressor response to dietary sodium intake in Caucasians.
Maternal high fat diet is associated with decreased plasma n-3 fatty acids and fetal hepatic apoptosis in nonhuman primates.
Dietary restriction of lycopene for a period of one month resulted in significantly increased biomarkers of oxidative stress and bone resorption in postmenopausal women.
Lack of effect of a moderate hypocaloric diet on visfatin levels in morbid obese patients: relationship with insulin resistance.
Racial differences in correlations between reported dietary intakes of carotenoids and their concentration biomarkers.
Nutrition education guided by Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents on metabolic syndrome characteristics, adipokines and inflammatory markers.
Validation of a simplified food frequency questionnaire as used in the Nutrition and Health Survey in Taiwan (NAHSIT) for the elderly.
European Surveillance of Antimicrobial Consumption (ESAC): disease-specific quality indicators for outpatient antibiotic prescribing.
Food patterns, inflammation markers and incidence of cardiovascular disease: the Malm Diet and Cancer study.
Intakes of vitamins and minerals in relation to urinary incontinence, voiding, and storage symptoms in women: a cross-sectional analysis from the Boston Area Community Health survey.
THCVA-A - a new additional marker for illegal cannabis consumption.
Polymorphism in the interleukin-1 receptor antagonist gene is associated with serum interleukin-1 receptor antagonist concentrations and postoperative opioid consumption.
Dietary fiber is associated with circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein in breast cancer survivors: the HEAL study.
Construct validity of a questionnaire to measure the type of fluid intake and type of urinary incontinence.
Use of a food frequency questionnaire to assess diets of Jamaican adults: validation and correlation with biomarkers.
Quality of life in multiple sclerosis patients with urinary disorders: reliability and validity of the Turkish version of King's Health Questionnaire.
Vegetarian diet improves insulin resistance and oxidative stress markers more than conventional diet in subjects with Type 2 diabetes.
Evaluation of the Children's Eating Habits Questionnaire used in the IDEFICS study by relating urinary calcium and potassium to milk consumption frequencies among European children.
The -308 G/A polymorphism of the tumour necrosis factor- gene modifies the association between saturated fat intake and serum total cholesterol levels in white South African women.
Association with serum gamma-glutamyltransferase levels and alcohol consumption on stroke and coronary artery disease: the Suita study.
Detection of fatty acid ethyl esters in skin surface lipids as biomarkers of ethanol consumption in alcoholics, social drinkers, light drinkers, and teetotalers using a methodology based on microwave-assisted extraction followed by solid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of new flavonoid fatty acid esters with anti-adipogenic and enhancing glucose consumption activities.
Effects of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate v. high-protein, moderate-carbohydrate weight-loss diet on antioxidant status, endothelial markers and plasma indices of the cardiometabolic profile.
Consumption of a DHA-containing functional food during pregnancy is associated with lower infant ponderal index and cord plasma insulin concentration.
Dietary patterns are associated with levels of global genomic DNA methylation in a cancer-free population.
Urinary biomarkers of meat consumption.
Elevated serum 25(OH)D concentrations, vitamin D, and calcium intakes are associated with reduced adipocyte size in women.
Flavanols from green tea and phenolic acids from coffee: critical quantitative evaluation of the pharmacokinetic data in humans after consumption of single doses of beverages.
A randomised trial to investigate the effects of acute consumption of a blackcurrant juice drink on markers of vascular reactivity and bioavailability of anthocyanins in human subjects.
Biomarkers of dairy intake and the risk of heart disease.
Ratio of fat to energy intake independently associated with the duration of diabetes and total cholesterol levels in type 2 diabetes.
Supplementation of a western diet with golden kiwifruits (Actinidia chinensis var.'Hort 16A':) effects on biomarkers of oxidation damage and antioxidant protection.
Association between self-monitoring of blood glucose and diet among minority patients with diabetes.
The changes in plasma retinol-binding protein 4 levels are associated with those of the apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins during dietary and drug treatment.
Associations of the SREBP-1c gene polymorphism with gender-specific changes in serum lipids induced by a high-carbohydrate diet in healthy Chinese youth.
Chinese validation of Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire.
Exercise training biomarkers: influence of short-term diet modification on the blood lactate to rating of perceived exertion (La:RPE) ratio.
Urinary N-methylpyridinium and trigonelline as candidate dietary biomarkers of coffee consumption.
Multi-center feasibility study evaluating recruitment, variability in risk factors and biomarkers for a diet and cancer cohort in India.
Comparison of serum bisphenol A concentrations in mice exposed to bisphenol A through the diet versus oral bolus exposure.
Dietary fiber in the diets of urban Tunisian women: association of fiber intake with BMI, waist circumference and blood chemistry: preliminary study.
Reproducibility of and correspondence among different hepcidin forms in blood and urine and their relationships to iron status in healthy, male Guatemalan volunteers observed over 9 weeks.
Relationship between serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls and organochlorine pesticides and dietary habits of pregnant women in Shanghai.
Increased daily sodium intake is an independent dietary indicator of the metabolic syndrome in middle-aged subjects.
Health risk associated with dietary co-exposure to high levels of antimony and arsenic in the world's largest antimony mine area.
Does increased intake of salmon increase markers of oxidative stress in pregnant women? The salmon in pregnancy study.
Association between dietary folate intake and blood status of folate and homocysteine in Malaysian adults.
Freshwater fish-consumption relations with total hair mercury and selenium among women in eastern China.
Parental eating attitudes and indicators of healthy eating in a longitudinal randomized dietary intervention trial (the STRIP study).
Biomarker-based evaluation of two 24-h recalls for comparing usual fish, fruit and vegetable intakes across European centers in the EFCOVAL Study.
A high-amylopectin diet caused hepatic steatosis associated with more lipogenic enzymes and increased serum insulin concentration.
A high intake of trans fatty acids has little effect on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in humans.
Relationship between dietary mineral intake and blood pressure (BP) in the elderly in Turkey.
Relation between glucose levels, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), body mass index (BMI) and serum and dietary retinol in elderly in population-based study.
Establishing the content validity of the King's Health Questionnaire in men and women with overactive bladder in the US.
Identification of human urinary biomarkers of cruciferous vegetable consumption by metabonomic profiling.
Changes in markers of inflammation, antioxidant capacity and oxidative stress in smokers following consumption of milk, and milk supplemented with fruit and vegetable extracts and vitamin C.
Increased body mass index modifies associations between alcohol intake and blood cholesterol profile.
Slower gastric emptying in high-fat diet induced obese rats is associated with attenuated plasma ghrelin and elevated plasma leptin and cholecystokinin concentrations.
The relationship between body mass index and the variation in plasma levels of triglycerides after short-term red wine consumption.
Dietary reporting errors on 24 h recalls and dietary questionnaires are associated with BMI across six European countries as evaluated with recovery biomarkers for protein and potassium intake.
Moderate dietary sodium restriction added to angiotensin converting enzyme inhibition compared with dual blockade in lowering proteinuria and blood pressure: randomised controlled trial.
Prolonged high iodine intake is associated with inhibition of type 2 deiodinase activity in pituitary and elevation of serum thyrotropin levels.
Association of caffeine consumption and smoking status with the serum concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, dioxins, and furans in the general U.S. population: NHANES 2003-2004.
Biochemical study of oxidative stress markers in the liver, kidney and heart of high fat diet induced obesity in rats.
Dietary intake of vitamin B12 and folic acid is associated with lower blood pressure in Japanese preschool children.
Biomarkers of low-level mercury exposure through fish consumption in pregnant and lactating Slovenian women.
Associations between dietary n-6 and n-3 fatty acids and arachidonic acid compositions in plasma and erythrocytes in young and elderly Japanese volunteers.
Reliability and responsiveness of the Urgency Severity and Life Impact Questionnaire (USIQ).
The water balance questionnaire: design, reliability and validity of a questionnaire to evaluate water balance in the general population.
Cross validation of the prostate cancer radiotherapy late toxicity (PCRT) questionnaire with the expanded prostate cancer index composite (EPIC) instrument.
Development and psychometric evaluation of a dutch questionnaire for the assessment of anorectal and lower urinary tract symptoms.
Increasing the vegetable intake dose is associated with a rise in plasma carotenoids without modifying oxidative stress or inflammation in overweight or obese postmenopausal women.
Oxidative stress markers and phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy in a patient with GLUT1 deficiency treated with modified Atkins diet.
Biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake in human intervention studies: a systematic review.
Fructose and non-fructose sugar intakes in the US population and their associations with indicators of metabolic syndrome.
Association between 3 and 6 fatty acid intakes and serum inflammatory markers in COPD.
Psychometric evaluation of a new patient-completed questionnaire for evaluating anal incontinence symptoms and impact on quality of life: the ICIQ-B.
Nutritional biomarkers and foodomic methodologies for qualitative and quantitative analysis of bioactive ingredients in dietary intervention studies.
Effect of Mediterranean diet on lipid peroxidation marker TBARS in obese patients with OSAHS under CPAP treatment: a randomised trial.
Relationship between alcohol consumption and serum lipid levels in elderly Korean men.
Consumption of dietary salt measured by urinary sodium excretion and its association with body weight status in healthy children and adolescents.
Association between dietary patterns and blood lipid profiles in Korean adults with type 2 diabetes.
A diet lower in digestible carbohydrate results in lower postprandial glucose concentrations compared with a traditional canine diabetes diet and an adult maintenance diet in healthy dogs.
Effects of alcohol consumption on biomarkers of oxidative damage to DNA and lipids in ethanol-fed pigs.
Non-covalent interaction of dietary polyphenols with total plasma proteins of type II diabetes: molecular structure/property-affinity relationships.
Changes in serum zinc levels associated with giardiasis and dietary zinc intake in mice.
Ginger phytochemicals mitigate the obesogenic effects of a high-fat diet in mice: a proteomic and biomarker network analysis.
Development and psychometric evaluation of the Treatment Adherence Questionnaire for Patients with Hypertension.
Changes in dietary habits and their association with metabolic markers after a non-intensive, community-based lifestyle intervention to prevent type 2 diabetes, in Greece. The DEPLAN study.
Fruit consumption is associated with lower carotid intima-media thickness and C-reactive protein levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Associations of whole-blood fatty acids and dietary intakes with prostate cancer in Jamaica.
A review of dietary polyphenol-plasma protein interactions: characterization, influence on the bioactivity, and structure-affinity relationship.
A systematic review and meta-regression analysis of the vitamin D intake-serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D relationship to inform European recommendations.
Hazard ratio estimation for biomarker-calibrated dietary exposures.
Effects of blackcurrant-based juice on atherosclerosis-related biomarkers in cultured macrophages and in human subjects after consumption of a high-energy meal.
Cheese intake in large amounts lowers LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content.
Fibre intake in relation to serum total cholesterol levels and CHD risk: a comparison of dietary assessment methods.
Relationships between dietary fatty acid composition and either melting point or fatty acid profile of adipose tissue in broilers.
Mathematical relationships between the intake of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and their contents in adipose tissue of growing pigs.
Colour of bovine subcutaneous adipose tissue: A review of contributory factors, associations with carcass and meat quality and its potential utility in authentication of dietary history.
Effects of dietary strawberry powder on blood lipids and inflammatory markers in obese human subjects.
A comparison of levels of select minerals in scalp hair samples with estimated dietary intakes of these minerals in women of reproductive age.
Low levels of vitamin D in professional basketball players after wintertime: relationship with dietary intake of vitamin D and calcium.
Hematologic and immunological indicators are altered by chronic intake of flaxseed in Wistar rats.
Short-term walnut consumption increases circulating total adiponectin and apolipoprotein A concentrations, but does not affect markers of inflammation or vascular injury in obese humans with the metabolic syndrome: data from a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled study.
Evaluation of various cytokines elicited during antigen-specific recall as potential risk indicators for the differential development of leprosy.
Validation of the Chinese version of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire short form (PISQ-12).
Effects of high-fat diet on plasma lipids, adiposity, and inflammatory markers in ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice.
Bone health in children with celiac disease assessed by dual x-ray absorptiometry: effect of gluten-free diet and predictive value of serum biochemical indices.
A short food frequency questionnaire to assess intake of seafood and n-3 supplements: validation with biomarkers.
Change of diet, plasma lipids, lipoproteins, and fatty acids during Ramadan: a controversial association of the considered Ramadan model with atherosclerosis risk.
Relationship between plasma fibrinogen and fiber intake in the EPIC-Norfolk cohort.
Regular consumption of vitamin D-fortified yogurt drink (Doogh) improved endothelial biomarkers in subjects with type 2 diabetes: a randomized double-blind clinical trial.
Effects of freeze-dried cranberry powder on serum lipids and inflammatory markers in lipopolysaccharide treated rats fed an atherogenic diet.
Profiling of gender-specific rat plasma proteins associated with susceptibility or resistance to diet-induced obesity.
Dietary fat, abdominal obesity and smoking modulate the relationship between plasma complement component 3 concentrations and metabolic syndrome risk.
Phosphatidylethanol (PEth) as a biomarker of alcohol consumption in HIV-positive patients in sub-Saharan Africa.
Short-term consumption of sucralose, a nonnutritive sweetener, is similar to water with regard to select markers of hunger signaling and short-term glucose homeostasis in women.
Validity of retrospective diet history: assessing recall of midlife diet using food frequency questionnaire in later life.
Plasma alkylresorcinols as a biomarker of whole-grain food consumption in a large population: results from the WHOLEheart Intervention Study.
Relation between dietary cadmium intake and biomarkers of cadmium exposure in premenopausal women accounting for body iron stores.
Greater fructose consumption is associated with cardiometabolic risk markers and visceral adiposity in adolescents.
Legume consumption is inversely associated with serum concentrations of adhesion molecules and inflammatory biomarkers among Iranian women.
Effects of dietary administration of Echinacea purpurea on growth indices and biochemical and hematological indices in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) fingerlings.
Effects of increases in dietary fat intake on plasma lipid and lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations and associated enzyme activities in cats.
Validation of the ICRP model for caesium intake by lactating mothers with Italian data after the Chernobyl fallout.
Dietary glycemic index/load and peripheral adipokines and inflammatory markers in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
Associations of socioeconomic status and processed food intake with serum phosphorus concentration in community-living adults: the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Dietary inclusion of salmon, herring and pompano as oily fish reduces CVD risk markers in dyslipidaemic middle-aged and elderly Chinese women.
Long-term dietary potential renal acid load during adolescence is prospectively associated with indices of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in young women.
Associations of serum aflatoxin B1-lysine adduct level with socio-demographic factors and aflatoxins intake from nuts and related nut products in Malaysia.
Strength of the relationships between three self-reported dietary intake instruments and serum carotenoids: the Observing Energy and Protein Nutrition (OPEN) Study.
Higher urinary sodium, a proxy for intake, is associated with increased calcium excretion and lower hip bone density in healthy young women with lower calcium intakes.
A longitudinal study of the association between dietary factors, serum lipids, and bone marrow lesions of the knee.
The relationship between the level of serum creatinine, modified diet and renal disease formula, Cockcroft-Gault formula, and renal tubulointerstitial lesion.
A high calcium diet containing nonfat dry milk reduces weight gain and associated adipose tissue inflammation in diet-induced obese mice when compared to high calcium alone.
Application of dietary phenolic biomarkers in epidemiology: past, present, and future.
Urinary and blood cadmium levels in relation to types of food and water intake and smoking status in a Thai population residing in cadmium-contaminated areas in Mae Sot.
Changes in ghrelin concentrations one year after resective and non-resective gastric bypass: associations with weight loss and energy and macronutrient intakes.
Usage and attitudes of physicians in Japan concerning traditional Japanese medicine (kampo medicine): a descriptive evaluation of a representative questionnaire-based survey.
Comparison of ethyl glucuronide in hair with self-reported alcohol consumption.
Sources of dietary protein in relation to blood pressure in a general Dutch population.
Nutritional biomarkers for objective dietary assessment.
Higher serum concentrations of dietary antioxidants are associated with lower levels of inflammatory biomarkers during the year after hip fracture.
Plasma arginine vasopressin level in hypothyroid women in relation to dietary sodium supply.
A comparative validation of a child food frequency questionnaire using red blood cell membrane fatty acids.
Modulation of the association between plasma intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and cancer risk by n-3 PUFA intake: a nested case-control study.
Dietary tocopherols inhibit cell proliferation, regulate expression of ER, PPAR, and Nrf2, and decrease serum inflammatory markers during the development of mammary hyperplasia.
Alteration of some inflammatory biomarkers by dietary oxysterols in rats.
Characterization of melamine-associated urinary stones in children with consumption of melamine-contaminated infant formula.
Associations of dietary phosphorus intake, urinary phosphate excretion, and fibroblast growth factor 23 with vascular stiffness in chronic kidney disease.
Carbon and nitrogen isotopic ratios of urine and faeces as novel nutritional biomarkers of meat and fish intake.
Effects of maternal glucose tolerance, pregnancy diet quality and neonatal insulinemia upon insulin resistance/sensitivity biomarkers in normoweight neonates.
Association of natural intake of dietary plant sterols with carotid intima-media thickness and blood lipids in Chinese adults: a cross-section study.
Sex-specific relationships between alcohol consumption and vitamin D levels: The Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2009.
Assessing validity of a short food frequency questionnaire on present dietary intake of elderly Icelanders.
Maternal choline intake modulates maternal and fetal biomarkers of choline metabolism in humans.
Consumption of red meat and whole-grain bread in relation to biomarkers of obesity, inflammation, glucose metabolism and oxidative stress.
Comparison of dietary supplementation with lutein diacetate and lutein: a pilot study of the effects on serum and macular pigment.
Age group and sex do not influence responses of vitamin K biomarkers to changes in dietary vitamin K.
Dietary supplementation with ovine serum immunoglobulin is associated with an increased gut luminal mucin concentration in the growing rat.
Vitamin A intake and infection are associated with plasma retinol among pre-school children in rural Zambia.
Virgin olive oil and nuts as key foods of the Mediterranean diet effects on inflammatory biomakers related to atherosclerosis.
Evaluation of flavonoids and enterolactone in overnight urine as intake biomarkers of fruits, vegetables and beverages in the Inter99 cohort study using the method of triads.
Blood immunometabolic indices and polymorphonuclear neutrophil function in peripartum dairy cows are altered by level of dietary energy prepartum.
Blood lead level modifies the association between dietary antioxidants and oxidative stress in an urban adult population.
Out-of-hand nut consumption is associated with improved nutrient intake and health risk markers in US children and adults: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004.
Blood pressure of omnivorous and semi-vegetarian postmenopausal women and their relationship with dietary and hair concentrations of essential and toxic metals.
Impact of the quantity and flavonoid content of fruits and vegetables on markers of intake in adults with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease: the FLAVURS trial.
Plant protein intake is associated with fibroblast growth factor 23 and serum bicarbonate levels in patients with chronic kidney disease: the Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort study.
Identification of a potential biomarker panel for the intake of the common dietary trans fat elaidic acid (trans9-C18:1).
Assessing vitamin status in large population surveys by measuring biomarkers and dietary intake - two case studies: folate and vitamin D.
Effects of red orange juice intake on endothelial function and inflammatory markers in adult subjects with increased cardiovascular risk.
Effect of a tomato-rich diet on markers of cardiovascular disease risk in moderately overweight, disease-free, middle-aged adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Relationship between dietary patterns and serum uric acid concentrations among ethnic Chinese adults in Taiwan.
The validation of international consultation on incontinence questionnaires in the Greek language.
Relationship between sodium intake and blood pressure according to metabolic syndrome status in the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Using a physiologically based pharmacokinetic model to link urinary biomarker concentrations to dietary exposure of perchlorate.
Correlations between blood and tissue omega-3 LCPUFA status following dietary ALA intervention in rats.
Quality of life after laparoscopy-assisted pylorus-preserving gastrectomy: an evaluation using a questionnaire mailed to the patients.
Fish to meat intake ratio and cooking oils are associated with hepatitis C virus carriers with persistently normal alanine aminotransferase levels.
Health biomarkers in a rat model after intake of organically grown carrots.
Effects of a caloric restriction weight loss diet and exercise on inflammatory biomarkers in overweight/obese postmenopausal women: a randomized controlled trial.
The relationship between alcohol consumption and fatal motor vehicle injury: high risk at low alcohol levels.
Association of mate tea (Ilex paraguariensis) intake and dietary intervention and effects on oxidative stress biomarkers of dyslipidemic subjects.
Biomarker and dietary validation of a Canadian food frequency questionnaire to measure eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid intakes from whole food, functional food, and nutraceutical sources.
Higher levels of serum triglyceride and dietary carbohydrate intake are associated with smaller LDL particle size in healthy Korean women.
Dietary methods and biomarkers of omega 3 fatty acids: a systematic review.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in pregnant and lactating women: a systematic review with dose-response meta-analyses.
Evaluation of food and nutrient intake assessment using concentration biomarkers in European adolescents from the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence study.
Plasma total antioxidant capacity is associated with dietary intake and plasma level of antioxidants in postmenopausal women.
Plasma inflammatory and vascular homeostasis biomarkers increase during human pregnancy but are not affected by oily fish intake.
Hippuric acid in 24-hour urine collections is a potential biomarker for fruit and vegetable consumption in healthy children and adolescents.
Bitter melon seed oil-attenuated body fat accumulation in diet-induced obese mice is associated with cAMP-dependent protein kinase activation and cell death in white adipose tissue.
Polymorphisms in the serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase 1 gene are associated with blood pressure and renin response to dietary salt intake.
Effect of dietary inclusion of salt substitutes "Obu-Otoyo" on some biochemical indices in rat.
Diet quality and social support: factors associated with serum carotenoid concentrations among older disabled women (the Women's Health and Aging Study).
Assessment of consumption of marine food in Greenland by a food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers.
Polymorphisms in LEP and NPY genes modify the response to soluble fibre Plantago ovata husk intake on cardiovascular risk biomarkers.
Development and validation of sunlight exposure measurement questionnaire (SEM-Q) for use in adult population residing in Pakistan.
The validity and reliability of the Turkish version of short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire in patients with leukemia.
Validation of the Swedish version of the incontinence impact questionnaire and the urogenital distress inventory.
Low fish intake is associated with low blood concentrations of vitamin D, choline and n-3 DHA in pregnant women.
Relation between dietary fat intake type and serum fatty acid status in children with cystic fibrosis.
The association of dietary intake of purine-rich vegetables, sugar-sweetened beverages and dairy with plasma urate, in a cross-sectional study.
Are physical activity, smoking and alcohol consumption associated with lower urinary tract symptoms in men or women? Results from a population based observational study.
A short-term diet and exercise intervention ameliorates inflammation and markers of metabolic health in overweight/obese children.
Relationship between whole-grain intake, chronic disease risk indicators, and weight status among adolescents in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1999-2004.
Clinical evaluation of the computerized chronic urticaria-specific quality of life questionnaire in Korean patients with chronic urticaria.
Dietary and animal-related factors associated with the rate of urinary oxalate and calcium excretion in dogs and cats.
Menhaden oil decreases high-fat diet-induced markers of hepatic damage, steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis in obese Ldlr-/- mice.
Quality of life in patients with overactive bladder: validation and psychometric properties of the Spanish Overactive Bladder Questionnaire-short Form.
Plasma marker proteins associated with the progression of lung cancer in obese mice fed a high-fat diet.
FLQAI - A Questionnaire on Quality of Life in Fecal Incontinence: German translation and validation of Rockwood et al.'s (2000) Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life Scale (FIQLS).
Relationship between achieved blood pressure, dietary habits and cardiovascular disease in hypertensive patients treated with olmesartan: the OMEGA study.
Oral contraceptive use in girls and alcohol consumption in boys are associated with increased blood pressure in late adolescence.
The framingham risk score, diet, and inflammatory markers in Korean men with metabolic syndrome.
Plasma levels of interleukin-6 and interleukin-18 after an acute physical exercise: relation with post-exercise energy intake in twins.
Exposure to a maternal n-3 fatty acid-deficient diet during brain development provokes excessive hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis responses to stress and behavioral indices of depression and anxiety in male rat offspring later in life.
The role of drinking water sources, consumption of vegetables and seafood in relation to blood arsenic concentrations of Jamaican children with and without Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Maternal diets with low healthy eating index or Mediterranean diet adherence scores are associated with high cord-blood insulin levels and insulin resistance markers at birth.
Dairy product intake in relation to glucose regulation indices and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Dietary folic acid intake differentially affects methionine metabolism markers and hippocampus morphology in aged rats.
Psychometric evaluation of the adherence in diabetes questionnaire.
Long-term tracking of plasma phospholipid fatty acid concentrations and their correlation with the dietary intake of marine foods in newly diagnosed diabetic patients: results from a follow-up of the HUNT Study, Norway.
Food and nutrient intakes and their associations with lower BMI in middle-aged US adults: the International Study of Macro-/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP).
A Mediterranean diet enriched with olive oil is associated with higher serum total osteocalcin levels in elderly men at high cardiovascular risk.
Effect of red wine consumption on biomarkers of oxidative stress.
Dietary D-glucarate effects on the biomarkers of inflammation during early post-initiation stages of benzo[a]pyrene-induced lung tumorigenesis in A/J mice.
Evaluation of a diet quality index based on the probability of adequate nutrient intake (PANDiet) using national French and US dietary surveys.
Evaluation of plant sterol intake estimated with the Northern Sweden FFQ.
Effect of a low-fat versus a low-gycemic-load diet on inflammatory biomarker and adipokine concentrations.
Soy food intake and circulating levels of inflammatory markers in Chinese women.
Validation of brief questionnaire measures of sun exposure and skin pigmentation against detailed and objective measures including vitamin D status.
Validation of a dietary vitamin D questionnaire using multiple diet records and the block 98 health habits and history questionnaire in healthy postmenopausal women in northern California.
Effect of catechin/epicatechin dietary intake on endothelial dysfunction biomarkers and proinflammatory cytokines in aorta of hyperhomocysteinemic mice.
Tea and coffee consumption in relation to vitamin D and calcium levels in Saudi adolescents.
Moderate alcohol intake lowers biochemical markers of bone turnover in postmenopausal women.
Diet and fatty acid pattern among patients with SLE: associations with disease activity, blood lipids and atherosclerosis.
The gut microbiome of kittens is affected by dietary protein:carbohydrate ratio and associated with blood metabolite and hormone concentrations.
Consumption of blueberries with a high-carbohydrate, low-fat breakfast decreases postprandial serum markers of oxidation.
Dietary treatment with rice containing resistant starch improves markers of endothelial function with reduction of postprandial blood glucose and oxidative stress in patients with prediabetes or newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes.
Plasma alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain intake, are related to lower BMI in older adults.
Increased adipose tissue hypoxia and capacity for angiogenesis and inflammation in young diet-sensitive C57 mice compared with diet-resistant FVB mice.
Dietary fructose in relation to blood pressure and serum uric acid in adolescent boys and girls.
Spanish translation and validation of four short pelvic floor disorders questionnaires.
Validation of questionnaire-based long-term dietary exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls using biomarkers.
Dietary patterns are associated with plasma F-isoprostanes in an observational cohort study of adults.
Blood pressure-lowering effect of dietary (-)-epicatechin administration in L-NAME-treated rats is associated with restored nitric oxide levels.
Validation of a FFQ for estimating -3, -6 and trans fatty acid intake during pregnancy using mature breast milk and food recalls.
Validation of FFQ-based assessment of dietary lignans compared with serum enterolactone in Swedish women.
Urinary and dietary sodium and potassium associated with blood pressure control in treated hypertensive kidney transplant recipients: an observational study.
The New Zealand PUFA semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire is a valid and reliable tool to assess PUFA intakes in healthy New Zealand adults.
Dietary diversity score is a useful indicator of vitamin A status of adult women in Northern Kenya.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in children: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Evaluation of three short dietary instruments to assess fruit and vegetable intake: the National Cancer Institute's food attitudes and behaviors survey.
Dietary total antioxidant capacity is associated with diet and plasma antioxidant status in healthy young adults.
Development and validation of prediction models for blood concentrations of dioxins and PCBs using dietary intakes.
Adiponectin, systolic blood pressure, and alcohol consumption are associated with more aortic stiffness progression among apparently healthy men.
Association between aflatoxin M1 excreted in human urine samples with the consumption of milk and dairy products.
Dietary intake and biological measurement of folate: a qualitative review of validation studies.
Bolus consumption of a specifically designed fruit juice rich in anthocyanins and ascorbic acid did not influence markers of antioxidative defense in healthy humans.
Evaluation of a public health intervention to lower mercury exposure from fish consumption in Bermuda.
No effect modification of serum bilirubin or coffee consumption on the association of gamma-glutamyltransferase with glycated hemoglobin in a cross-sectional study of Japanese men and women.
Associations of dietary indices with biomarkers of dietary exposure and cardiovascular status among adolescents in Germany.
Relationship between dietary phytoestrogens and development of urinary incontinence in midlife women.
Multiple indicators of poor diet quality in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes are associated with higher body mass index percentile but not glycemic control.
Isothiocyanate concentrations and interconversion of sulforaphane to erucin in human subjects after consumption of commercial frozen broccoli compared to fresh broccoli.
Validation of the Diet Quality Index for Adolescents by comparison with biomarkers, nutrient and food intakes: the HELENA study.
Consumption of tomato products is associated with lower blood mercury levels in Inuit preschool children.
Dietary protein and beef consumption predict for markers of muscle mass and nutrition status in older adults.
Construct validation of patient global impression of severity (PGI-S) and improvement (PGI-I) questionnaires in the treatment of men with lower urinary tract symptoms secondary to benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Association between use of specialty dietary supplements and C-reactive protein concentrations.
The relation between dietary habits and urinary levels of 3-phenoxybenzoic acid, a pyrethroid metabolite.
Gazpacho consumption is associated with lower blood pressure and reduced hypertension in a high cardiovascular risk cohort. Cross-sectional study of the PREDIMED trial.
Association between 24-hour urine sodium and potassium excretion and diet quality in six-year-old children: a cross sectional study.
Plasma ghrelin is positively associated with body fat, liver fat and milk fat content but not with feed intake of dairy cows after parturition.
Validation of an FFQ to assess short-term antioxidant intake against 30 d food records and plasma biomarkers.
Menin liver-specific hemizygous mice challenged with high fat diet show increased weight gain and markers of metabolic impairment.
Association of coffee consumption with serum adiponectin, leptin, inflammation and metabolic markers in Japanese workers: a cross-sectional study.
Effect of different exercise modalities plus a hypocaloric diet on inflammation markers in overweight patients: a randomised trial.
Development and psychometric validation of the intermittent self-catheterization questionnaire.
Evaluation of Web-based Dietary Assessment Software for Children: comparing reported fruit, juice and vegetable intakes with plasma carotenoid concentration and school lunch observations.
Vitamin D status in North Greenland is influenced by diet and season: indicators of dermal 25-hydroxy vitamin D production north of the Arctic Circle.
Daily calcium intake and its relation to blood pressure, blood lipids, and oxidative stress biomarkers in hypertensive and normotensive subjects.
A comprehensive FFQ developed for use in New Zealand adults: reliability and validity for nutrient intakes.
Evaluation of timing and dosage of a parent-based intervention to minimize college students' alcohol consumption.
Fish intake and breastfeeding time are associated with serum concentrations of organochlorines in a Swedish population.
Polyphenols excreted in urine as biomarkers of total polyphenol intake.
Effects of probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Propionibacterium freudenreichii ssp. shermanii JS supplementation on intestinal and systemic markers of inflammation in ApoE*3Leiden mice consuming a high-fat diet.
Dietary zinc intake and kidney stone formation: evaluation of NHANES III.
Association between the rs6950982 polymorphism near the SERPINE1 gene and blood pressure and lipid parameters in a high-cardiovascular-risk population: interaction with Mediterranean diet.
Subjective evaluation of the frequency of salty food intake and its relationship to urinary sodium excretion and blood pressure in a middle-aged population.
NOX2 deficiency attenuates markers of adiposopathy and brain injury induced by high-fat diet.
Validity and reliability of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence Short Form and its correlation with urodynamic findings.
Changes in nitrosative stress biomarkers in swine intestine following dietary intervention with verbascoside.
Relationship between mercury levels in hair and fish consumption in a population living near a hydroelectric tropical dam.
The relationship between zinc intake and serum/plasma zinc concentration in adults: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis by the EURRECA Network.
Additional benefit in CVD risk indices derived from the consumption of fortified milk when combined with a lifestyle intervention.
Response to dietary L-glutamine supplementation in weaned piglets: a serum metabolomic comparison and hepatic metabolic regulation analysis.
The Southern European Atlantic Diet is associated with lower concentrations of markers of coronary risk.
Liver lipid content and inflammometabolic indices in peripartal dairy cows are altered in response to prepartal energy intake and postpartal intramammary inflammatory challenge.
Systematic review with dose-response meta-analyses between vitamin B-12 intake and European Micronutrient Recommendations Aligned's prioritized biomarkers of vitamin B-12 including randomized controlled trials and observational studies in adults and elderly persons.
Data-driven strategy for the discovery of potential urinary biomarkers of habitual dietary exposure.
Improvement in insulin resistance and favourable changes in plasma inflammatory adipokines after weight loss associated with two months' consumption of a combination of bioactive food ingredients in overweight subjects.
Caffeine intake and its association with urinary incontinence in United States men: results from National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys 2005-2006 and 2007-2008.
Effect of metformin compared with hypocaloric diet on serum C-reactive protein level and insulin resistance in obese and overweight women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Validation of use of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence-Short Form (ICIQ-UI-SF) for impairment rating: a transversal retrospective study of 120 patients.
t-10, c-12 CLA dietary supplementation inhibits atherosclerotic lesion development despite adverse cardiovascular and hepatic metabolic marker profiles.
Opium consumption is negatively associated with serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA), free PSA, and percentage of free PSA levels.
Association between dietary phylloquinone intake and peripheral metabolic risk markers related to insulin resistance and diabetes in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
Serum prealbumin: an independent marker of short-term energy intake in the presence of multiple-organ disease involvement.
Isoflavone metabolism in domestic cats (Felis catus): comparison of plasma metabolites detected after ingestion of two different dietary forms of genistein and daidzein.
Trimethylamine-N-oxide, a metabolite associated with atherosclerosis, exhibits complex genetic and dietary regulation.
South Asians have elevated postexercise blood pressure and myocardial oxygen consumption compared to Europeans despite equivalent resting pressure.
Dietary advanced glycation end products restriction diminishes inflammation markers and oxidative stress in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Habitually higher dietary glycemic index during puberty is prospectively related to increased risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood.
Plasma n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in chronic heart failure in the GISSI-Heart Failure Trial: relation with fish intake, circulating biomarkers, and mortality.
Serum and dietary antioxidant status is associated with lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in a study in Shanghai, China.
Dietary anhydrous milk fat naturally enriched with conjugated linoleic acid and vaccenic acid modify cardiovascular risk biomarkers in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Estimating the mediating effect of different biomarkers on the relation of alcohol consumption with the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in women from Poland, Serbia and Italy--relation between PAH metabolite excretion, DNA damage, diet and genotype (the EU DIEPHY project).
Gestational diabetes is associated with high energy and saturated fat intakes and with low plasma visfatin and adiponectin levels independent of prepregnancy BMI.
Long-term reproducibility of plasma alkylresorcinols as biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake within Northern Sweden Health and Disease Study Cohort.
Effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile and inflammation markers in metabolic syndrome -- a randomized study (SYSDIET).
Plasma stearoyl-CoA desaturase indices: association with lifestyle, diet, and body composition.
Green tea intake is associated with urinary estrogen profiles in Japanese-American women.
Indices of fatty acid desaturase activity in healthy human subjects: effects of different types of dietary fat.
A study of the association between serum bone-specific alkaline phosphatase and serum phosphorus concentration or dietary phosphorus intake.
Mass spectrometry-based metabolomics for the discovery of biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake: citrus fruit as a case study.
Relationship between hemoglobin, serum retinol and habitual meat consumption in the elderly: a population-based study.
Is the association between salt intake and blood pressure mediated by body mass index and central adiposity?
Effects of dietary magnesium on testicular histology, steroidogenesis, spermatogenesis and oxidative stress markers in adult rats.
Identification of biomarkers for intake of protein from meat, dairy products and grains: a controlled dietary intervention study.
Associations among blood pressure, salt consumption and body weight status of students from south-western Ontario.
High intake of dietary long-chain -3 fatty acids is associated with lower blood pressure in children born with low birth weight: NHANES 2003-2008.
Platelet oxygen consumption as a peripheral blood marker of brain energetics in a mouse model of severe neurotoxicity.
Validation of a weight history questionnaire to identify adolescent obesity.
Socioeconomic status is significantly associated with dietary salt intakes and blood pressure in Japanese workers (J-HOPE Study).
Novel gene-by-environment interactions: APOB and NPC1L1 variants affect the relationship between dietary and total plasma cholesterol.
Evaluation of dietary arsenic exposure and its biomarkers: a case study of West Bengal, India.
Biomarkers of food intake and metabolite differences between plasma and red blood cell matrices; a human metabolomic profile approach.
Keap1 knockdown increases markers of metabolic syndrome after long-term high fat diet feeding.
The macrophage-specific serum marker, soluble CD163, is increased in obesity and reduced after dietary-induced weight loss.
Intake of total protein, plant protein and animal protein in relation to blood pressure: a meta-analysis of observational and intervention studies.
Validation study of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire for lower urinary tract symptoms.
Evaluation of seasonality on total water intake, water loss and water balance in the general population in Greece.
Self-report of fruit and vegetable intake that meets the 5 a day recommendation is associated with reduced levels of oxidative stress biomarkers and increased levels of antioxidant defense in premenopausal women.
Dietary fat quality in regular fat diets has minor effects on biomarkers of inflammation in obese Zucker rats.
Comparison of blood monocytes and adipose tissue macrophages in a mouse model diet-induced weight gain.
Dietary nucleotide improves markers of immune response to strenuous exercise under a cold environment.
European content validation of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire in patients with overactive bladder.
Relationship of dietary monounsaturated fatty acids to blood pressure: the International Study of Macro/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure.
Dietary fat content and fiber type modulate hind gut microbial community and metabolic markers in the pig.
Psychometric evaluation of the Cushing's Quality-of-Life questionnaire.
Dietary supplement use and smoking are important correlates of biomarkers of water-soluble vitamin status after adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle variables in a representative sample of U.S. adults.
Metabolic profiling of phenolic acids and oxidative stress markers after consumption of Lonicera caerulea L. fruit.
Validity of the Willett food frequency questionnaire in assessing the iron intake of French-Canadian pregnant women.
Urinary levels of N-acetyl-S-(2-carbamoylethyl)-cysteine (AAMA), an acrylamide metabolite, in Korean children and their association with food consumption.
Metabolomic profiling of in vivo plasma responses to dioxin-associated dietary contaminant exposure in rats: implications for identification of sources of animal and human exposure.
Relationships between serum and colon concentrations of carotenoids and fatty acids in randomized dietary intervention trial.
Calcium intake and serum concentration in relation to risk of cardiovascular death in NHANES III.
The CDC's Second National Report on Biochemical Indicators of Diet and Nutrition in the U.S. Population is a valuable tool for researchers and policy makers.
Habitual coffee consumption inversely associated with metabolic syndrome-related biomarkers involving adiponectin.
Circadian variation and responsiveness of hydration biomarkers to changes in daily water intake.
The carbon isotope ratio of alanine in red blood cells is a new candidate biomarker of sugar-sweetened beverage intake.
Plasma adiponectin concentrations are associated with dietary glycemic index in Malaysian patients with type 2 diabetes.
Hazardous alcohol consumption is associated with increased levels of B-type natriuretic peptide: evidence from two population-based studies.
Association between folate intake, serum folate levels and the risk of lung cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Factors relating to eating style, social desirability, body image and eating meals at home increase the precision of calibration equations correcting self-report measures of diet using recovery biomarkers: findings from the Women's Health Initiative.
Plasma mercury levels in Hong Kong residents: in relation to fish consumption.
Comparative performance of biomarkers of alcohol consumption in a population sample of working-aged men in Russia: the Izhevsk Family Study.
Relation between urinary hydration biomarkers and total fluid intake in healthy adults.
The relationship between dietary fatty acids and inflammatory genes on the obese phenotype and serum lipids.
Development and validation of a food frequency questionnaire to estimate the intake of genistein in Malaysia.
Associations between dietary patterns and kidney function indicators in type 2 diabetes.
Association of dietary omega-3 fatty acids with prevalence of metabolic syndrome: the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study.
11C-Acetate clearance as an index of oxygen consumption of the right myocardium in idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension: a validation study using 15O-labeled tracers and PET.
DNA hypomethylation of inflammation-associated genes in adipose tissue of female mice after multigenerational high fat diet feeding.
Dietary glycemic index during pregnancy is associated with biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome in offspring at age 20 years.
The relationship between maternal serum iron and zinc levels and their nutritional intakes in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes.
Monitoring population levels of alcohol consumption in pregnant women: a case for using biomarkers.
Relation between dietary acrylamide exposure and biomarkers of internal dose in Canadian teenagers.
A comparison of the impact of amaranth flour and squalene on plasma cholesterol in mice with diet-induced dyslipidemia.
Changes in the concentrations of biochemical indicators of diet and nutritional status of pregnant women across pregnancy trimesters in Trujillo, Peru, 2004-2005.
The dose of hazelnuts influences acceptance and diet quality but not inflammatory markers and body composition in overweight and obese individuals.
Intake and blood concentrations of folate and their association with health-related behaviors in Korean college students.
Vegetarian diet-induced increase in linoleic acid in serum phospholipids is associated with improved insulin sensitivity in subjects with type 2 diabetes.
Dietary exposure to aflatoxin and fumonisin among Tanzanian children as determined using biomarkers of exposure.
Translation and psychometric evaluation of the Greek short forms of two condition-specific quality of life questionnaires for women with pelvic floor disorders: PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7.
Impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men and women.
A Mediterranean diet improves HbA1c but not fasting blood glucose compared to alternative dietary strategies: a network meta-analysis.
Validation of a questionnaire measuring preschool children's reactions to and coping with noise in a repeated measurement design.
TNF-alpha promoter methylation in peripheral white blood cells: relationship with circulating TNF, truncal fat and n-6 PUFA intake in young women.
Relationship between diet and plasma long-chain n-3 PUFAs in older people: impact of apolipoprotein E genotype.
High concentrations of a urinary biomarker of polyphenol intake are associated with decreased mortality in older adults.
Dietary pattern analysis and biomarkers of low-grade inflammation: a systematic literature review.
Diet, iron biomarkers and oxidative stress in a representative sample of Mediterranean population.
Essential and toxic element concentrations in blood and urine and their associations with diet: results from a Norwegian population study including high-consumers of seafood and game.
Beef authentication using dietary markers: chemometric selection and modelling of significant beef biomarkers using concatenated data from multiple analytical methods.
Evidence of enhanced serum amino acid profile but not appetite suppression by dietary glycomacropeptide (GMP): a comparison of dairy whey proteins.
Alcohol questionnaires and HDL: screening scores as scaled markers of alcohol consumption.
Validity of food frequency questionnaire-based estimates of long-term long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake.
A preliminary study of a Peruvian diet using dietary analysis and hair mineral content as indicators.
Modifying influence of dietary sugar in the relationship between cortisol and visceral adipose tissue in minority youth.
Dietary sodium restriction and association with urinary marinobufagenin, blood pressure, and aortic stiffness.
Serum concentrations of perfluorinated alkyl acids and their associations with diet and personal characteristics among Swedish adults.
Dietary energy intake is associated with type 2 diabetes risk markers in children.
Does subjective evaluation of the frequency of salty food intake predict the risk of incident hypertension? A 4-year follow-up study in a middle-aged population.
Assessing patients' perceived bother from the gastrointestinal side effects of radiotherapy for localized prostate cancer: initial questionnaire development and validation.
Low calcium intake is associated with high plasma homocysteine levels in postmenopausal women.
Blood pressure in relation to interactions between sodium dietary intake and renal handling.
Associations among dietary zinc intakes and biomarkers of zinc status before and after a zinc supplementation program in Guatemalan schoolchildren.
The effect of different dietary levels of vitamin E and selenium on antioxidant status and immunological markers in serum of laying hens.
Associations between dietary acrylamide intake and plasma sex hormone levels.
Animal source food intake and association with blood cholesterol, glycerophospholipids and sphingolipids in a northern Swedish population.
The effects of dietary weight loss on indices of norepinephrine turnover: modulatory influence of hyperinsulinemia.
Diamine oxidase as a marker of intestinal mucosal injury and the effect of soluble dietary fiber on gastrointestinal tract toxicity after intravenous 5-fluorouracil treatment in rats.
-Lipoic acid attenuates obesity-associated hippocampal neuroinflammation and increases the levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in ovariectomized rats fed a high-fat diet.
Serum adiponectin concentration in relation to macronutrient and food intake in young Japanese women.
Longitudinal relationships between diet-dependent renal acid load and blood pressure development in healthy children.
The Spanish linguistic validation of the ureteral stent symptom questionnaire.
Dietary folate intake and blood biomarkers reveal high-risk groups in a Mediterranean population of healthy women of childbearing potential.
Biomarkers of diabetes risk in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey rolling programme (2008-2011).
Associations between lung function and alcohol consumption--assessed by both a questionnaire and a blood marker.
The relationship between dietary vitamin A intake and the levels of sialic acid in the breast milk of lactating women.
Relationships between alcohol intake and atherogenic indices in women.
Validation of a short, qualitative food frequency questionnaire in French adults participating in the MONA LISA-NUT study 2005-2007.
An examination of the association of serum IGF-I concentration, potential candidate genes, and fiber type composition with variation in residual feed intake in progeny of Red Angus sires divergent for maintenance energy EPD.
Plasma proteome profiles associated with diet-induced metabolic syndrome and the early onset of metabolic syndrome in a pig model.
Monosodium glutamate (MSG) consumption is associated with urolithiasis and urinary tract obstruction in rats.
Association between dietary folate intake and serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels in healthy old women.
Associations of serum insulin-like growth factor-I and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 levels with biomarker-calibrated protein, dairy product and milk intake in the Women's Health Initiative.
Carbohydrate supplements and their effects on pasture dry matter intake, feeding behavior, and blood factors associated with intake regulation.
Development of a liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry method to investigate the presence of biomarkers of DNA damage in urine related to red meat consumption and risk of colorectal cancer.
Inflammatory status modulates plasma lipid and inflammatory marker responses to kiwifruit consumption in hypercholesterolaemic men.
The relationship between nut consumption and blood pressure in an Iranian adult population: Isfahan Healthy Heart Program.
Dietary and urinary metabonomic factors possibly accounting for higher blood pressure of black compared with white Americans: results of International Collaborative Study on macro-/micronutrients and blood pressure.
Association between alcohol consumption and plasma fetuin-A and its contribution to incident type 2 diabetes in women.
Validation of the Spanish version of Ureteral Stent Symptom Questionnaire: prevalence of symptoms in a tertiary care center in Mexico.
Comparisons of spot vs 24-h urine samples for estimating population salt intake: validation study in two independent samples of adults in Britain and Italy.
Hypocaloric diet supplemented with probiotic cheese improves body mass index and blood pressure indices of obese hypertensive patients--a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study.
The association of alcohol intake with -glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels: evidence for correlated genetic effects.
Evaluation of health care workers' knowledge and functioning of blood centres in north India: a questionnaire based survey.
Validation of the bladder control self-assessment questionnaire (B-SAQ) in men.
Dietary zinc intake is inversely associated with systolic blood pressure in young obese women.
The biomarker-based validity of a food frequency questionnaire to assess the intake status of folate, pyridoxine and cobalamin among Iranian primary breast cancer patients.
Associations of dietary fiber intake with long-term predicted cardiovascular disease risk and C-reactive protein levels (from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Data [2005-2010]).
The rapid identification and quantification of iso--acids and reduced iso--acids in blood using UHPLC-MS/MS: validation of a novel marker for beer consumption.
Mercury in scalp hair near the Mid-Atlantic Ridge (MAR) in relation to high fish consumption.
Association of 24-h urinary salt excretion with central haemodynamics and assessment of food categories contributing to salt consumption in Portuguese patients with hypertension.
Use of food frequency questionnaire to assess relationships between dietary habits and cardiovascular risk factors in NESCAV study: validation with biomarkers.
Biomarker-calibrated protein intake and physical function in the Women's Health Initiative.
Intake and serum concentrations of -tocopherol in relation to fractures in elderly women and men: 2 cohort studies.
Estimated daily intake and hazard quotients and indices of phthtalate diesters for young danish men.
Increased dairy consumption differentially improves metabolic syndrome markers in male and female adults.
SERPINE1, PAI-1 protein coding gene, methylation levels and epigenetic relationships with adiposity changes in obese subjects with metabolic syndrome features under dietary restriction.
Assessing arsenic exposure from consumption of seafood from Vieques-Puerto Rico: a pilot biomonitoring study using different biomarkers.
Relation of raw and cooked vegetable consumption to blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
Identification and pharmacokinetics of novel alkylresorcinol metabolites in human urine, new candidate biomarkers for whole-grain wheat and rye intake.
Dietary exposure to phenolic and methoxylated organohalogen contaminants in relation to their concentrations in breast milk and serum in Japan.
Development of a valid and reliable blood stasis questionnaire and its relationship to heart rate variability.
The use of dietary supplements and their association with blood pressure in a large Midwestern cohort.
Expression of "brown-in-white" adipocyte biomarkers shows gender differences and the influence of early dietary exposure.
Diet quality is associated with circulating C-reactive protein but not irisin levels in humans.
Statistical validation of the shorter-moldwin food sensitivity questionnaire for patients with interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome.
Plasma alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, and incidence of colorectal cancer.
Intakes of anthocyanins and flavones are associated with biomarkers of insulin resistance and inflammation in women.
Biomarkers of fish oil omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids intake in humans.
Short sleep duration is associated with decreased serum leptin, increased energy intake and decreased diet quality in postmenopausal women.
Dietary flavonoids from modified apple reduce inflammation markers and modulate gut microbiota in mice.
The impact of dietary methionine restriction on biomarkers of metabolic health.
Self-reported alcohol intake is a better estimate of 5-year change in blood pressure than biochemical markers in low resource settings: the PURE study.
Androgenic alopecia is associated with less dietary soy, lower [corrected] blood vanadium and rs1160312 1 polymorphism in Taiwanese communities.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for a human milk bank to determine the presence of illegal drugs, nicotine, and caffeine.
Validation of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire for estimation of intakes of energy, fats and cholesterol among Singaporeans.
Types of oilseed and adipose tissue influence the composition and relationships of polyunsaturated fatty acid biohydrogenation products in steers fed a grass hay diet.
Diets high in monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids decrease fatty acid synthase protein levels in adipose tissue but do not alter other markers of adipose function and inflammation in diet-induced obese rats.
Mercury and selenium intake by seafood from the Ionian Sea: A risk evaluation.
Associations of the Baltic Sea diet with obesity-related markers of inflammation.
Soy intake and breast cancer risk: an evaluation based on a systematic review of epidemiologic evidence among the Japanese population.
The association between APOA5 haplotypes and plasma lipids is not modified by energy or fat intake: the Czech HAPIEE study.
Lead, cadmium and zinc in hair samples: relationship with dietary habits and urban environment.
Whole-grain intake favorably affects markers of systemic inflammation in obese children: a randomized controlled crossover clinical trial.
The effect of ginger consumption on glycemic status, lipid profile and some inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Different dietary fatty acids are associated with blood lipids in healthy South African men and women: the PURE study.
High-salt intake induced visceral adipose tissue hypoxia and its association with circulating monocyte subsets in humans.
The role of dietary fat on the association between dietary amino acids and serum lipid profile in European adolescents participating in the HELENA Study.
Dietary lipids do not contribute to the higher hepatic triglyceride levels of fructose- compared to glucose-fed mice.
Critical evaluation of lowering the recommended dietary intake of folate.
Effects of a low-fat diet with antioxidant supplementation on biochemical markers of multiple sclerosis long-term care residents.
Urinary tartaric acid as a potential biomarker for the dietary assessment of moderate wine consumption: a randomised controlled trial.
Validation and reliability of a smartphone application for the International Prostate Symptom Score questionnaire: a randomized repeated measures crossover study.
Dietary magnesium intake is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein levels: meta-analysis and systematic review.
Plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations, biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort.
The effects of green tea consumption on metabolic and anthropometric indices in patients with Type 2 diabetes.
Saturated fatty acid (SFA) status and SFA intake exhibit different relations with serum total cholesterol and lipoprotein cholesterol: a mechanistic explanation centered around lifestyle-induced low-grade inflammation.
Dietary indices, cardiovascular risk factors and mortality in middle-aged adults: findings from the Aerobics Center Longitudinal Study.
Diet quality and markers of endothelial function: the CARDIA study.
Plasma alkylresorcinols C17:0/C21:0 ratio, a biomarker of relative whole-grain rye intake, is associated to insulin sensitivity: a randomized study.
Relationship between dietary mercury intake and blood mercury level in Korea.
Inorganic and methylmercury levels in plasma are differentially associated with age, gender, and oxidative stress markers in a population exposed to mercury through fish consumption.
An almond-enriched diet increases plasma -tocopherol and improves vascular function but does not affect oxidative stress markers or lipid levels.
Effects of dietary milled seed mixture on fatty acid status and inflammatory markers in patients on hemodialysis.
Short communication: Is consumption of a cheese rich in angiotensin-converting enzyme-inhibiting peptides, such as the Norwegian cheese Gamalost, associated with reduced blood pressure?
Defective adipose tissue development associated with hepatomegaly in cathepsin E-deficient mice fed a high-fat diet.
Moderate chronic administration of Vineatrol-enriched red wines improves metabolic, oxidative, and inflammatory markers in hamsters fed a high-fat diet.
Immunoepidemiological profiling of onchocerciasis patients reveals associations with microfilaria loads and ivermectin intake on both individual and community levels.
Effects of herbal essential oil mixture as a dietary supplement on egg production in quail.
Influence of protein intake from haem and non-haem animals and plant origin on inflammatory biomarkers among apparently-healthy adults in Greece.
Correlation between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids consumption and BDNF peripheral levels in adolescents.
Dietary antioxidant and anti-inflammatory intake modifies the effect of cadmium exposure on markers of systemic inflammation and oxidative stress.
Examination of lysine requirement of healthy young male adults on a Chinese habitual diet by the modified indicator amino acid oxidation method.
Discovery of human urinary biomarkers of aronia-citrus juice intake by HPLC-q-TOF-based metabolomic approach.
Cruciferous vegetable intake is inversely correlated with circulating levels of proinflammatory markers in women.
Daily kiwifruit consumption did not improve blood pressure and markers of cardiovascular function in men with hypercholesterolemia.
Cross-sectional associations of food consumption with plasma fatty acid composition and estimated desaturase activities in Finnish children.
Effect of graded inclusion of dietary soybean meal on nutrient digestibility, health, and metabolic indices of adult dogs.
Systematic review using meta-analyses to estimate dose-response relationships between iodine intake and biomarkers of iodine status in different population groups.
Self-reported whole-grain intake and plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations in combination in relation to the incidence of colorectal cancer.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire for assessing macronutrient and calcium intake in adult Pakistani population.
Added sugars in the diet are positively associated with diastolic blood pressure and triglycerides in children.
Dietary sodium and potassium intake is not associated with elevated blood pressure in US adults with no prior history of hypertension.
Healthy dietary habits score as an indicator of diet quality in New Zealand adolescents.
Dietary sodium, added salt, and serum sodium associations with growth and depression in the U.S. general population.
Roles of the ALDH2 and ADH1B genotypes on the association between alcohol intake and serum adiponectin levels among Japanese male workers.
Methylation potential associated with diet, genotype, protein, and metabolite levels in the Delta Obesity Vitamin Study.
Fruit and vegetable intake, as reflected by serum carotenoid concentrations, predicts reduced probability of polychlorinated biphenyl-associated risk for type 2 diabetes: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004.
Evaluation of trace elements in selected foods and dietary intake by young children in Thailand.
Effect of diet or diet plus physical activity versus usual care on inflammatory markers in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes: the Early ACTivity in Diabetes (ACTID) randomized, controlled trial.
Metabolic syndrome, alcohol consumption and genetic factors are associated with serum uric acid concentration.
Hair calcium concentration is associated with calcium intake and bone mineral density.
Validation of blood phosphatidylethanol as an alcohol consumption biomarker in patients with chronic liver disease.
Effect of dietary intake of avocado oil and olive oil on biochemical markers of liver function in sucrose-fed rats.
"Intrinsic" elimination rate and dietary intake estimates for selected indicator PCBs: toxicokinetic modeling using serial sampling data in US subjects, 2005-2010.
Failure of a dietary model to affect markers of inflammation in domestic cats.
Cognitive impairment in coeliac disease improves on a gluten-free diet and correlates with histological and serological indices of disease severity.
Urinary isoflavonoid excretion as a biomarker of dietary soy intake during two randomized soy trials.
Serum osteocalcin is associated with dietary vitamin D, body weight and serum magnesium in postmenopausal women with and without significant coronary artery disease.
Development of an experimental diet model in rats to study hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance, markers for coronary heart disease.
Effect of high-fat diet upon inflammatory markers and aortic stiffening in mice.
Effect of dietary sodium nitrate consumption on egg production, egg quality characteristics and some blood indices in native hens of west azarbaijan province.
Comparison of essential fatty acid intakes and serum levels of inflammatory factors between asthmatic and healthy adults: a case- control study.
Evaluation of histopathologic and histomorphometric changes of testicular tissue and gonadotropin levels following consumption of methylphenidate in male mice.
Difference between 24-h diet recall and urine excretion for assessing population sodium and potassium intake in adults aged 18-39 y.
Is Alcohol Consumption Associated with Male Urinary Incontinence?
How useful is aminolevulinic acid dehydratase as a marker of recent alcohol intake?
GC/MS method to quantify bioavailable phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity determination of plasma after acute coffee consumption in human volunteers.
The effect of twice daily kiwifruit consumption on periodontal and systemic conditions before and after treatment: A randomized clinical trial.
