Altered plasma-lipids associated with oral contraceptive or oestrogen consumption. The Lipid Research Clinic Program.
Diet and serum cholesterol: do zero correlations negate the relationship?
Assessment of the association between habitual salt intake and high blood pressure: methodological problems.
Alterations of rat adipose tissue metabolism associated with dietary chromium supplementation.
Acute reduction of brain serotonin and 5-HIAA following food consumption: correlation with the ratio of serum tryptophan to the sum of competing amino acids.
Recommended dietary allowance for vitamin E: relation to dietary, erythrocyte and adipose tissue linoleate.
Temporal relationships between dietary, plasma, hepatic, and adipose tissue lipids after short-term feeding of safflower oil to rats.
Relationships between dietary and plasma concentrations of calcium and phosphorus in intact and ultimobranchialectomized chickens.
The relationship between dietary fat composition and plasma cholesterol esterification in man.
Plasma lipid composition in an elderly population: correlation with dietary fat.
Correlations of vitamin A and E intakes with the plasma concentrations of carotenoids and tocopherols among American men and women.
Obesity among Navajo adolescents. Relationship to dietary intake and blood pressure.
Comparison of the effects of dietary fish oils with different n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid compositions on plasma and liver lipids in rats.
Interactive effects of dietary levels of tryptophan and protein on voluntary feed intake and growth performance in pigs, in relation to plasma free amino acids and hypothalamic serotonin.
Estimation of protein intake: comparison of dietary assessment and urinary excretion.
Alcohol consumption as a risk factor for high blood pressure from the Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison Study. CARDIAC Cooperative Research Group).
Urinary markers of chronic excessive ethanol consumption.
Erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid versus docosahexaenoic acid as a marker for fish and fish oil consumption.
An international study of the relationship between alcohol consumption and postmenopausal estradiol levels.
Lipid composition and peroxide levels of mucosal cells in the rat large intestine in relation to dietary fat.
Relationship between dietary cations and blood pressure.
Comparison of three species of dietary fish: effects on serum concentrations of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein in normotriglyceridemic subjects.
Relationship in humans between ascorbic acid consumption and levels of total and reduced ascorbic acid in lens, aqueous humor, and plasma.
Lack of a relationship between induced changes in oxygen consumption and changes in lactate levels.
An evaluation of a food frequency questionnaire for assessing dietary intake of specific carotenoids and vitamin E among low-income black women.
Relationship between serum xanthophyll levels and the consumption of cigarettes, alcohol or foods in healthy inhabitants of Japan.
Comparisons of diet and biochemical characteristics of stool and urine between Chinese populations with low and high colorectal cancer rates.
Urinary nitrate excretion in relation to murine macrophage activation. Influence of dietary L-arginine and oral NG-monomethyl-L-arginine.
Inverse relation between plasma inorganic phosphate and phospholipids in mice: effect of dietary inorganic phosphate, fasting and glucagon.
Relationship between serum cholesterol and thromboxane B2 levels and atherosclerotic lesions in rabbits fed a high cholesterol diet.
Changes in free amino acid levels in various tissues of common carp in response to insulin injection followed by force-feeding an amino acid diet.
Exercise tolerance and alcohol intake. Blood pressure relation.
Consumption of boiled coffee is correlated with serum cholesterol in Finland.
Potassium and calcium intake, excretion, and homeostasis in blacks, and their relation to blood pressure.
Correlations of dietary intake and blood nutrient levels with esophageal cancer mortality in China.
Food predictors of plasma beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol: validation of a food frequency questionnaire.
Mutagenicity of deep-frying fat, and evaluation of urine mutagenicity after consumption of fried potatoes.
Selenium in diet, blood, and toenails in relation to breast cancer: a case-control study.
Species, diet, and gender differences in plasma postheparin lipolytic activities in nonhuman primates. Relationships with plasma lipids and high density lipoproteins.
Differential effects of dietary fat on the tissue-specific expression of the apolipoprotein A-I gene: relationship to plasma concentration of high density lipoproteins.
Relationship between dietary protein concentration and serum trypsin-like immunoreactivity in dogs.
Effect of vitamin B12-deficiency on the activity of hepatic cystathionine beta-synthase in rats.
Relationship between serum cholesteryl ester composition, dietary habits and coronary risk factors in middle-aged men.
Tobacco smoking, coffee, cocoa and tea consumption in relation to mortality from urinary bladder cancer in Italy.
Plasma concentrations of arginine vasotocin, prolactin, aldosterone and corticosterone in relation to oviposition and dietary NaCl in the domestic fowl.
Relationship of vitamin A and vitamin E intake to fasting plasma retinol, retinol-binding protein, retinyl esters, carotene, alpha-tocopherol, and cholesterol among elderly people and young adults: increased plasma retinyl esters among vitamin A-supplement users.
Fatty acid composition of serum cholesteryl esters and erythrocyte membranes as indicators of linoleic acid intake in man.
Blood lead-blood pressure relations: alcohol intake and hemoglobin as confounders.
Dietary and hormonal interrelationships in premenopausal women: evidence for a relationship between dietary nutrients and plasma prolactin levels.
Plasma atrial natriuretic peptide in essential hypertension. Comparison with normotensive subjects and effects of changes in dietary sodium intake.
Immunological studies of patients with Down's syndrome. Measurements of autoantibodies and serum antibodies to dietary antigens in relation to zinc levels.
Assessment of clinical, metabolic, dietary, and occupational correlations with serum polychlorinated biphenyl levels among employees at an electrical capacitor manufacturing plant.
Correlation of dietary aflatoxin B1 levels with excretion of aflatoxin M1 in human urine.
The association of dietary fat with serum cholesterol in vegetarians: the effect of dietary assessment on the correlation coefficient.
Calcium intake and the relationship of dietary sodium and potassium to blood pressure.
Plasma apolipoprotein B in middle-aged Finnish men. Evidence for a regional gradient of apo B and lack of negative correlation between apo B and dietary linoleate in hyperapobetalipoproteinemia.
Association of food frequency questionnaire estimates of vitamin A intake with serum vitamin A levels.
The relationship between blood thiamine levels and dietary thiamine content in diabetic outpatients and healthy subjects.
Serum levels of vitamin C in relation to dietary and supplemental intake of vitamin C in smokers and nonsmokers.
Comparison of dietary casein or soy protein effects on plasma lipids and hormone concentrations in the gerbil (Meriones unguiculatus).
Association of serum lipids with coffee, tea, and egg consumption in free-living subjects.
Relationships between dietary cholesterol, cholesterol absorption, cholesterol synthesis, and plasma cholesterol in rhesus monkeys.
Measurement of food intake in children with diabetes mellitus: a comparison of protein intake and urine nitrogen.
Relationship between blood lead concentrations and dietary lead intake in infants: the Glasgow Duplicate Diet Study 1979-1980.
Lack of an association between calcium intake and blood pressure in postmenopausal women.
Altered aortic reactivity and lowered blood pressure associated with high calcium intake.
Relationship between amino acid composition of diet and plasma cholesterol level in growing rats fed a high cholesterol diet.
The sodium intake modifies the renin-aldosterone and blood pressure changes associated with moderately low energy diets.
The relationship between both sodium and potassium intake and blood pressure in London Civil Servants. A report from the Whitehall Department of Environment Study.
Relationship between dietary and plasma copper levels of pregnant Nigerian women.
The relationship between plasma concentrations of prolactin and consumption of feed and water during the reproductive cycle of the domestic turkey.
Relationship between nutritional status, dietary intake patterns and plasma lipoprotein concentrations in rural black South Africans.
Evaluation of serum gamma-glutamyl transferase as a screening method for excessive alcohol consumption during pregnancy.
Escherichia coli antibodies in alcoholic liver disease. Correlation to alcohol consumption, alcoholic hepatitis, and serum IgA.
Urinary 3-methylhistidine derivative as indicator of nutrients intake in low-birth-weight infants.
Relationship between the fatty acid composition of the diet and that of the subcutaneous adipose tissue in individual human subjects.
The relationship of dietary and serum vitamin A to the occurrence of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia in sexually active women.
Blood pressure and intra-erythrocyte sodium during normal and high salt intake in middle-aged men: relationship to family history of hypertension, and neurogenic and hormonal variables.
The relationship between dietary intake of choline, choline serum levels, and cognitive function in healthy elderly persons.
Relationship of brain blood flow and oxygen consumption to perfusion flow rate during profoundly hypothermic cardiopulmonary bypass. An experimental study.
Cigarette smoking, physical activity, and alcohol consumption: relationship to blood lipids and lipoproteins in premenopausal females.
Effect of colostrum intake on metabolic rate and plasma glucose in the neonatal pig in relation to environmental temperature.
Blood pressure in blacks and whites and its relationship to dietary sodium and potassium intake.
Local blood flow, oxygen tension, and oxygen consumption in the rat spinal cord. Part 2: Relation to segmental level.
Effects of variation in the dietary supply of cysteine and methionine on liver concentration of glutathione and "active sulfate" (PAPS) and serum levels of sulfate, cystine, methionine and taurine: relation to the metabolism of acetaminophen.
Reductions in regional cerebral blood flow associated with chronic consumption of alcohol.
Plasma concentrations and urinary excretion of mouse epidermal growth factor associated with the inhibition of food consumption and of wool growth in Merino wethers.
A comparison of the effects of infection with Eimeria maxima and dietary restriction on weight gain, plasma metabolites and liver glycogen in the immature fowl, Gallus domesticus.
Correlation of local blood flow, glucose consumption and probability of necrosis following a middle cerebral artery occlusion in the cat.
Models to study the relation between oxygen consumption and oxygen delivery during an acute reduction in blood flow: comparison of balloon filling in the inferior vena cava, tamponade, and hemorrhage.
Evaluation of daily dietary intake of dichloro-diphenyl-trichloroethane (DDT) and benzene hexachloride (BHC) in India.
Subchronic dietary exposure to Aroclor 1254 in rats: accumulation of PCBs in liver, blood, and adipose tissue and its relationship to induction of various hepatic drug-metabolizing enzymes.
Use of terazosin in prostatodynia and validation of a symptom score questionnaire.
Comparison of the effects on the diurnal blood pressure, glucose, and lipid levels of a diet rich in monounsaturated fatty acids with a diet rich in polyunsaturated fatty acids in type 2 diabetic subjects.
Dietary sources and background levels of hippuric acid in urine: comparison of Philippine and Japanese levels.
Concentrations and plasma-tissue-diet relationships of carotenoids, retinoids, and tocopherols in humans.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of dietary fiber: relation to intestinal fermentation and bile acid excretion.
Prognostic markers for diet-induced weight loss in obese women.
Plasma fatty acid composition as an indicator of habitual dietary fat intake in middle-aged adults. The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study Investigators.
Factor VII coagulant activity in relation to serum lipoproteins and dietary fat in middle-aged men.
Evaluation of CK and CK-MB in alcohol abuse subjects with recent heavy consumption.
Relationship of alcohol intake with blood pressure in young adults.
Erythrocyte levels compared with reported dietary intake of marine n-3 fatty acids in pregnant women.
Comparison of the effects of a range of dietary lipids upon serum and tissue lipid composition in the rat.
Vitamin status of a healthy French population: dietary intakes and biochemical markers.
Differences in the association between alcohol consumption and blood pressure by age, gender, and smoking.
Long-term fat intake and biomarkers.
Relations between antioxidant vitamins in adipose tissue, plasma, and diet.
Relationship of alcohol consumption and smoking to plasma cortisol and blood pressure.
Formation of aromatic DNA adducts in white blood cells in relation to urinary excretion of 1-hydroxypyrene during consumption of grilled meat.
Biomarkers of dietary fat composition in young adults with a parental history of premature coronary heart disease compared with controls. The EARS Study.
Changes in plasma phospholipid fatty acids and their relationship to disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with a vegetarian diet.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intake.
Effects of increasing dietary palmitoleic acid compared with palmitic and oleic acids on plasma lipids of hypercholesterolemic men.
Impact of dietary folic acid on reduced folates in mouse plasma and tissues. Relationship to dideazatetrahydrofolate sensitivity.
Diet, indicators of kidney disease, and later mortality among older persons in the NHANES I Epidemiologic Follow-Up Study.
Intracellular ionic consequences of dietary salt loading in essential hypertension. Relation to blood pressure and effects of calcium channel blockade.
Relationship between striatal glucose consumption and copper excretion in patients with Wilson's disease treated with D-penicillamine.
Low-fat, high-fiber diet favorably affects several independent risk markers of ischemic heart disease: observations on blood lipids, coagulation, and fibrinolysis from a trial of middle-aged Danes.
Regulation of plasma oestrogen by dietary fats in the laying hen: relationships with egg weight.
Higher levels of microproteinuria in Asian compared with European patients with diabetes mellitus and their relationship to dietary protein intake and diabetic complications.
Increase in serum selenium levels in Finnish children and young adults during 1980-1986: a correlation between the serum levels and the estimated intake.
Serum malondialdehyde and mitochondrial aspartate aminotransferase activity as markers of chronic alcohol intake and alcoholic liver disease.
Plasma growth hormone, insulin-like growth factor, insulin, and thyroid hormone association with body protein and fat accretion in steers undergoing compensatory gain after dietary energy restriction.
Size of the zinc pools that exchange rapidly with plasma zinc in humans: alternative techniques for measuring and relation to dietary zinc intake.
Calculated versus measured oxygen consumption during aortic surgery: reliability of the Fick method.
Relationship of dietary saturated fatty acids and body habitus to serum insulin concentrations: the Normative Aging Study.
Relation of caffeine intake to blood lipids in elderly women.
Relationship of protein intake to urinary oxalate and glycolate excretion.
Relationship between hunger and plasma cholecystokinin during weight reduction with a very low calorie diet.
Correlations of colon cancer mortality with dietary factors, serum markers, and schistosomiasis in China.
Relationship between dietary protein intake and serum urea, uric acid and creatinine, and 24-hour urinary creatinine excretion: the BIRNH Study.
Adipose tissue fatty acids as biomarkers of dietary exposure in Danish men and women.
The influence of age on blood alcohol levels and ethanol-associated immunosuppression in a murine model of ethanol consumption.
The relationship between coffee consumption and serum cholesterol under consideration of smoking history.
Fatty acid composition of serum lipid fractions in relation to gender and quality of dietary fat.
Family history of alcoholism and the mediation of alcohol intake by catalase: further evidence for catalase as a marker of the propensity to ingest alcohol.
Effects of a diet low in copper on copper-status indicators in postmenopausal women.
Associations between dietary factors and serum lipids by apolipoprotein E polymorphism.
Longitudinal comparison of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and gamma-glutamyl transferase: complementary markers of excessive alcohol consumption.
Mercury in human hair and relation to fish consumption in Bangladesh.
Urinary promutagens of smokers: comparison of concentration methods and relation to cigarette consumption.
Relation of smoking and alcohol consumption to serum fatty acids.
PCDDs, PCDFs, and PCBs in human blood in relation to consumption of crabs from a contaminated Fjord area in Norway.
Effect of two levels of transgalactosylated oligosaccharide intake in rats associated with human faecal microflora on bacterial glycolytic activity, end-products of fermentation and bacterial steroid transformation.
Serum vitamin A in relation to socio-economic, demographic and dietary characteristics in Bangladeshi children.
Assessment of changes in liver blood flow after food intake--comparison of ICG clearance and echo-Doppler.
Biomarkers of essential fatty acid consumption and risk of prostatic carcinoma.
New carotenoid values for foods improve relationship of food frequency questionnaire intake estimates to plasma values.
Relation between plasma leptin concentration and body fat, gender, diet, age, and metabolic covariates.
Comparison of the response of serum ceruloplasmin and cholesterol, and of tissue ascorbic acid, metallothionein, and nonprotein sulfhydryl in rats to the dietary level of cystine and cysteine.
Alcohol intake in a rural village: physical signs and biological markers predicting excessive consumption in apparently healthy people.
A comparison of the food composition table-based estimates of dietary element intake with the values obtained by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectrometry: an experience in a Japanese population.
A patient's questionnaire evaluation of krypton laser treatment of facial telangiectases. A comparison with the copper vapor laser.
Relationships between micronutrient intake and biochemical indicators of nutrient adequacy in a "free-living' elderly UK population.
Disposition of leucovorin and its metabolites in dietary folic acid-deplete mice - comparison between tumor, liver, and plasma.
Validation of dietary intakes of protein and energy against 24 hour urinary N and DLW energy expenditure in middle-aged women, retired men and post-obese subjects: comparisons with validation against presumed energy requirements.
Effectiveness of alpha-tocopherol and selenium supplements in preventing lupinosis-associated myopathy in sheep.
The relationship between the dietary provision of alpha-tocopherol and the concentration of this vitamin in the semen of chicken: effects on lipid composition and susceptibility to peroxidation.
Thyrotropin and thyroglobulin as an index of optimal iodine intake: correlation with iodine excretion of 39,913 euthyroid patients.
Change in blood pressure during altered sodium intake is not associated with calciotropic hormone level.
Plasma and erythrocyte zinc concentrations and their relationship to dietary zinc intake and zinc supplementation during pregnancy in low-income African-American women.
Dietary fish oil (4 g daily) and cardiovascular risk markers in healthy men.
Comparison of urinary iodine excretion and thyroid volume in students with or without constant iodized salt intake.
Relationship between blood serum insulin-like growth factor I concentration and postweaning feed efficiency of crossbred cattle at three levels of dietary intake.
Thyroxine, triiodothyronine and reverse-triiodothyronine concentrations in blood plasma in relation to lactational stage, milk yield, energy and dietary protein intake in Estonian dairy cows.
Effect of additional questions about fat on the validity of fat estimates from a food frequency questionnaire. Study Group of MRS SWEA.
Dietary and urinary risk factors for stones in idiopathic calcium stone formers compared with healthy subjects.
An evaluation of ruminally degradable intake protein and metabolizable amino acid requirements of feedlot calves.
The effect of dietary sodium intake on biochemical markers of bone metabolism in young women.
Greater dietary intake of simple carbohydrate is associated with lower concentrations of high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic children.
Effects of low phosphate intake on bone and mineral metabolism in rats: evaluation by biochemical markers and pyridinium cross-link formation in bone.
Validation of a screening questionnaire for atopy with serum IgE tests in a population of pregnant Dutch women.
Plasma concentrations and urinary excretion of the antioxidant flavonols quercetin and kaempferol as biomarkers for dietary intake.
Comments on a meta-analysis of the relation between dietary calcium intake and blood pressure.
Development and validation of an audit instrument: the Prostate Outcomes Questionnaire.
Modulation of fecal markers relevant to colon cancer risk: a high-starch Chinese diet did not generate expected beneficial changes relative to a Western-type diet.
Determination of plasma alpha-glutathione-S-transferases in chronic alcohol abusers: relationship with alcohol intake and liver involvement.
Effects of dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids on plasma amino acids and indices of protein metabolism in infants: results from a randomized clinical trial.
Urinary total isothiocyanate (ITC) in a population-based sample of middle-aged and older Chinese in Singapore: relationship with dietary total ITC and glutathione S-transferase M1/T1/P1 genotypes.
Relationships of lead in breast milk to lead in blood, urine, and diet of the infant and mother.
Calcium levels in maternal milk: relationships with calcium intake during the third trimester of pregnancy.
Evaluation of physiologic indices in mice vaccinated with protein-ergotamine conjugates and fed an endophyte-infected fescue diet.
Relationship between blood pressure and alcohol consumption on the previous day in Japanese men.
Clustering of endothelial markers of vascular damage in human salt-sensitive hypertension: influence of dietary sodium load and depletion.
Plasma levels of selenium, selenoprotein P and glutathione peroxidase and their correlations to fish intake and serum levels of thyrotropin and thyroid hormones: a study on Latvian fish consumers.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin: marker of actual alcohol consumption or chronic alcohol misuse?
Comparison of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin, immunoglobulin A antibodies reactive with acetaldehyde-modified protein and acetaldehyde-modified albumin with conventional markers of alcohol consumption.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of change in alcohol intake in men drinking 20 to 60 g of alcohol per day.
Fat intake and fatty acid profile in plasma phospholipids and adipose tissue in patients with Crohn's disease, compared with controls.
Relationship of coffee consumption with serum lipids and lipoproteins in Japanese men.
Association of dietary protein intake and coffee consumption with serum homocysteine concentrations in an older population.
Water intake and excretion, urinary solute excretion and some stress indicators in mink (Mustela vison): effect of ambient temperature and quantitative water supply to lactating females.
Usual dietary consumption of soy foods and its correlation with the excretion rate of isoflavonoids in overnight urine samples among Chinese women in Shanghai.
Lack of association between changes in plasma leptin concentration and in food intake during the menstrual cycle.
Effect of dietary copper intakes on biochemical markers of bone metabolism in healthy adult males.
Day-to-day consistency in amount and source of carbohydrate intake associated with improved blood glucose control in type 1 diabetes.
Dietary canola oil alters hematological indices and blood lipids in neonatal piglets fed formula.
Effects of 16 weeks of treatment with tibolone on bone mass and bone mechanical and histomorphometric indices in mature ovariectomized rats with established osteopenia on a low-calcium diet.
Dietary fat and carbohydrates are independently associated with circulating insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 concentrations in healthy adults.
Correlation of alternative pathway (AP) lytic activity and AP-dependent neutrophil phagocytosis with factor B levels and consumption in serum.
Associations of fat and cholesterol intake with serum lipid levels and cardiovascular disease: the EURODIAB IDDM Complications Study.
Effect of parsley (Petroselinum crispum) intake on urinary apigenin excretion, blood antioxidant enzymes and biomarkers for oxidative stress in human subjects.
Cheek cell phospholipids in human infants: a marker of docosahexaenoic and arachidonic acids in the diet, plasma, and red blood cells.
Are postal questionnaire surveys of reported activity valid? An exploration using general practitioner management of hypertension in older people.
Circadian variation of portal, arterial and venous blood levels of melatonin in pigs and its relationship to food intake and sleep.
Study on the relationship between plasma nitrite and nitrate level and salt sensitivity in human hypertension : modulation of nitric oxide synthesis by salt intake.
Development of a screening tool for detecting undernutrition and dietary inadequacy among rural elderly in Malaysia: simple indices to identify individuals at high risk.
Markers of intestinally-derived lipoproteins: application to studies of altered diet and meal fatty acid compositions.
Urinary isoflavonoid and lignan excretion on a Western diet: relation to soy, vegetable, and fruit intake.
The effect of two levels of dietary protein on resistance and resilience of dairy goats experimentally infected with Trichostrongylus colubriformis: comparison between high and low producers.
Ferulic acid excretion as a marker of consumption of a French maritime pine (Pinus maritima) bark extract.
Trans fatty acids in adipose tissue of French women in relation to their dietary sources.
The ALDH2 genotype, alcohol intake, and liver-function biomarkers among Japanese male workers.
Dietary creatine supplementation does not affect some haematological indices, or indices of muscle damage and hepatic and renal function.
Parathyroid hormone is elevated but bone markers and density are normal in young female subjects who consume inadequate dietary calcium.
Cafeteria diet-induced obesity is associated with a low spontaneous growth hormone secretion and normal plasma insulin-like growth factor-I concentrations.
Changes in diet, weight, and serum lipid levels associated with olestra consumption.
The development and evaluation of an incontinence screening questionnaire for female primary care.
Comparison of the effects of plant sterol ester and plant stanol ester-enriched margarines in lowering serum cholesterol concentrations in hypercholesterolaemic subjects on a low-fat diet.
Dietary unsaturated fatty acids in type 2 diabetes: higher levels of postprandial lipoprotein on a linoleic acid-rich sunflower oil diet compared with an oleic acid-rich olive oil diet.
Profiles of a healthful diet and its relationship to biomarkers in a population sample from Mediterranean southern France.
Plasma copper concentration as marker of copper intake from food.
Diet-induced change in fatty acid composition of plasma triacylglycerols is not associated with change in glucagon-like peptide 1 or insulin sensitivity in people with type 2 diabetes.
Consumption of black and green tea had no effect on inflammation, haemostasis and endothelial markers in smoking healthy individuals.
Validity of cadmium concentration in rice as the "dose" of the dose-response relationship between cadmium intake and renal dysfunction.
Validation of three food frequency questionnaires and 24-hour recalls with serum carotenoid levels in a sample of African-American adults.
Cognitive dietary restraint is associated with higher urinary cortisol excretion in healthy premenopausal women.
Serum lithium as a compliance marker for food and supplement intake.
Evaluation of models of acute and subacute acidosis on dry matter intake, ruminal fermentation, blood chemistry, and endocrine profiles of beef steers.
High levels of dietary carnosine are associated with increased concentrations of carnosine and histidine in rat soleus muscle.
Consumption of wholemeal rye bread increases serum concentrations and urinary excretion of enterolactone compared with consumption of white wheat bread in healthy Finnish men and women.
Influence of sodium intake on the reliability of active renin as a measure of the renin-angiotensin system in essential hypertension.
Validation of the inflammatory bowel disease questionnaire in Swedish patients with ulcerative colitis.
Plasma fat-soluble vitamin and mineral concentrations in relation to diet in captive pteropodid bats.
Association of folate intake and serum homocysteine in elderly persons according to vitamin supplementation and alcohol use.
Fatty acid ethyl esters in liver and adipose tissues as postmortem markers for ethanol intake.
PrimeScreen, a brief dietary screening tool: reproducibility and comparability with both a longer food frequency questionnaire and biomarkers.
Associations between dietary intakes and blood cholesterol concentrations at 31 months.
Effect of dietary selenium source, level, and pig hair color on various selenium indices.
Comparison of self-reported alcohol intake with the urinary excretion of 5-hydroxytryptophol:5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid, a biomarker of recent alcohol intake.
Evaluation of a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire to estimate iodine intake.
In primiparous sows, plasma insulin-like growth factor-I can be affected by lactational feed intake and dietary energy source and is associated with luteinizing hormone.
Epidemiological assessment of diet: a comparison of a 7-day diary with a food frequency questionnaire using urinary markers of nitrogen, potassium and sodium.
Inverse correlation between alcohol consumption and lymphocyte levels of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in humans.
Reliability and responsiveness of a prostate cancer questionnaire for radiotherapy-induced side effects.
Relation of serum tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin concentration to diet among veterans in the Air Force Health Study with background-level exposure.
Plasma retinol and tocopherol levels in greek elderly population from an urban and a rural area: associations with the dietary habits.
Relation between serum insulinlike growth factor-1, insulinlike growth factor binding protein-2, and insulinlike growth factor binding protein-3 and nutritional intake in premature infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Use of biological markers to validate self-reported dietary intake in a random sample of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer United Kingdom Norfolk cohort.
Single measurement of serum phospholipid fatty acid as a biomarker of specific fatty acid intake in middle-aged Japanese men.
The Incontinence Impact Questionnaire and the Urogenital Distress Inventory: a revisit of their validity in women without a urodynamic diagnosis.
Analysis of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as possible markers of chronically elevated alcohol consumption by headspace solid-phase microextraction (HS-SPME) and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS).
Biomarkers for exposure to dietary flavonoids: a review of the current evidence for identification of quercetin glycosides in plasma.
Low dietary zinc alters indices of copper function and status in postmenopausal women.
Markers of high fish intake are associated with decreased risk of a first myocardial infarction.
Dietary assessment in Whitehall II: comparison of 7 d diet diary and food-frequency questionnaire and validity against biomarkers.
Soya intake and plasma concentrations of daidzein and genistein: validity of dietary assessment among eighty British women (Oxford arm of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition).
Validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire to assess isoflavone intake in a japanese population in comparison with dietary records and blood and urine isoflavones.
Alcohol drinkers overreport their energy intake in the BIRNH study: evaluation by 24-hour urinary excretion of cations. Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health.
Comparison of expression of apoptosis regulatory proteins in the adipose tissue of tumor-bearing and diet-restricted rabbits.
Sodium is the leading dietary factor associated with urinary calcium excretion in Hong Kong Chinese adults.
Levels of ochratoxin A in blood from Norwegian and Swedish blood donors and their possible correlation with food consumption.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and relations to fatty acid composition in the diet and in serum cholesterol esters.
Assessment of questionnaire validity for measuring total fat intake using plasma lipid levels as criteria.
Blood volume and its relation to peak O(2) consumption and physical activity in patients with chronic fatigue.
A biomarker approach to measuring human dietary exposure to certain phthalate diesters.
Urinary biomarkers for assessing dietary exposure to caffeine.
Blood pressure in relation to dietary calcium intake, alcohol consumption, blood lead, and blood cadmium in female nonsmokers.
Validity of reported energy expenditure and energy and protein intakes in Swedish adolescent vegans and omnivores.
Clinical and dietary indicators associated with uremic status in hospitalized dialysis patients.
Relation between a diet with a high glycemic load and plasma concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in middle-aged women.
Residuals of beta-hexachlorocyclohexane, dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, and hexachlorobenzene in serum, and relations with consumption of dietary components in rural residents in Japan.
A valid food frequency questionnaire for measuring dietary fish intake.
Negligible changes in piglet serum clinical indicators or organ weights due to dietary single-cell long-chain polyunsaturated oils.
Overnight urinary isoflavone excretion in a population of women living in the United States, and its relationship to isoflavone intake.
Association of changes in the pattern of urinary calculi in Taiwanese with diet habit change between 1956 and 1999.
Fluctuations in human milk long-chain PUFA levels in relation to dietary fish intake.
How dietary phosphate, renal failure and calcitriol administration affect the serum calcium-phosphate relationship in the rat.
Decreased food intake rather than zinc deficiency is associated with changes in plasma leptin, metabolic rate, and activity levels in zinc deficient rats( small star, filled).
Soy product intake and serum isoflavonoid and estradiol concentrations in relation to bone mineral density in postmenopausal Japanese women.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) intake assessment and possible biomarkers of CLA intake in young women.
Flavonoids in human urine as biomarkers for intake of fruits and vegetables.
Green tea extract only affects markers of oxidative status postprandially: lasting antioxidant effect of flavonoid-free diet.
Dietary carbohydrate's effects on lipogenesis and the relationship of lipogenesis to blood insulin and glucose concentrations.
Pregnancy and lactation affect markers of calcium and bone metabolism differently in adolescent and adult women with low calcium intakes.
Calcium intake in relation to diet and health indicators in Cretan primary and high school pupils, Greece.
Relation between myocardial oxygen consumption and myocardial blood volume: a study using myocardial contrast echocardiography.
Exocyclic DNA adducts as oxidative stress markers in colon carcinogenesis: potential role of lipid peroxidation, dietary fat and antioxidants.
Dietary vitamin C supplementation decreases blood pressure in DOCA-salt hypertensive male Sprague-Dawley rats and this is associated with increased liver oxidative stress.
Comparison of the effects of dietary saturated, mono-, and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on blood lipid profile, oxidant stress, prostanoid synthesis and aortic histology in rabbits.
Test-retest reliability, validity, and sensitivity to change of the urogenital distress inventory and the incontinence impact questionnaire.
Fasting plasma concentrations of selected flavonoids as markers of their ordinary dietary intake.
Accuracy of quantity-frequency and graduated frequency questionnaires in measuring alcohol intake: comparison with daily diary and commonly used laboratory markers.
Epidemiological evidence of the association between dietary protein intake and blood pressure: a meta-analysis of published data.
Fatty acid ethyl esters: toxic non-oxidative metabolites of ethanol and markers of ethanol intake.
Types of dietary fat and soy minimally affect hormones and biomarkers associated with breast cancer risk in premenopausal women.
Novel markers of susceptibility to carcinogens in diet: associations with colorectal cancer.
Regional variations of blood pressure in the United States are associated with regional variations in dietary intakes: the NHANES-III data.
Human skin condition and its associations with nutrient concentrations in serum and diet.
Dietary supplements of soya flour lower serum testosterone concentrations and improve markers of oxidative stress in men.
Association of alcohol consumption with total serum immunoglobulin E levels and allergic sensitization in an adult population-based survey.
Effect of hair care and hair cosmetics on the concentrations of fatty acid ethyl esters in hair as markers of chronically elevated alcohol consumption.
Validation of a soy food-frequency questionnaire and evaluation of correlates of plasma isoflavone concentrations in postmenopausal women.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire in preschool children.
Soy product intake is inversely associated with serum homocysteine level in premenopausal Japanese women.
Urine nitrogen as a biomarker for the validation of dietary protein intake.
Biomarkers of trace mineral intake and status.
Reduction in plasma total homocysteine through increasing folate intake in healthy individuals is not associated with changes in measures of antioxidant activity or oxidant damage.
Erythrocyte cell membrane phospholipid levels compared against reported dietary intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids in pregnant Mexican women.
Research strategies and the use of nutrient biomarkers in studies of diet and chronic disease.
Validity and reproducibility of the self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the JPHC Study Cohort I: study design, conduct and participant profiles.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess fatty acid intake: comparison with dietary records and serum phospholipid level.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess carotenoids and vitamin C intake: comparison with dietary records and blood level.
Validity of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC Study Cohort I to assess sodium and potassium intake: comparison with dietary records and 24-hour urinary excretion level.
Validity and reproducibility of a self-administered food frequency questionnaire in the JPHC Study Cohort II: study design, participant profile and results in comparison with Cohort I.
Biomarkers of dietary intake of micronutrients modulate DNA adduct levels in healthy adults.
Dietary soy protein maintains some indices of bone mineral density and bone formation in aged ovariectomized rats.
Relation among alcohol dehydrogenase 2 polymorphism, alcohol consumption, and levels of gamma-glutamyltransferase.
Food composition table-based estimation of energy and major nutrient intake in comparison with chemical analysis: a validation study in Korea.
Comparison of plasma biomarkers with dietary assessment methods for fruit and vegetable intake.
Dietary soy and fats in relation to serum insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 levels in premenopausal Japanese women.
Relationship between body mass index, serum cholesterol, leisure-time physical activity, and diet in a Mediterranean Southern-Europe population.
Validity of a modified CHAMPS physical activity questionnaire among African-Americans.
Diet and serum markers in relation to primary brain tumor risk in China.
Dietary modification and moderate antioxidant supplementation differentially affect serum carotenoids, antioxidant levels and markers of oxidative stress in older humans.
Evaluation of biochemical methods for estimating the sodium intake of dairy cows.
Longevity-associated mitochondrial DNA 5178 A/C polymorphism modulates effects of daily drinking and cigarette consumption on serum triglyceride levels in middle-aged Japanese men.
Reproducibility and validity of the Diet Quality Index Revised as assessed by use of a food-frequency questionnaire.
Reproducibility and validity of the Shanghai Women's Health Study physical activity questionnaire.
Effect of dietary protein on lean body wasting in dogs: correlation between loss of lean mass and markers of proteasome-dependent proteolysis.
Validation of a Spanish version of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire.
The association between magnesium intake and fasting insulin concentration in healthy middle-aged women.
Alcohol consumption, homeostasis model assessment indices and blood pressure in middle-aged healthy men.
Intakes of antioxidants in coffee, wine, and vegetables are correlated with plasma carotenoids in humans.
Association between serum gamma-glutamyltransferase and dietary factors: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.
Folate and colorectal neoplasia: relation between plasma and dietary markers of folate and adenoma recurrence.
Reproducibility, validity, and responsiveness to change of a short questionnaire for measuring fruit and vegetable intake.
Blood pressure in haemodialysis patients: the importance of the relationship between the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, salt intake and extracellular volume.
The association of serum lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins with selected trace elements and minerals in phenylketonuric patients on diet.
Different effects of red wine and gin consumption on inflammatory biomarkers of atherosclerosis: a prospective randomized crossover trial. Effects of wine on inflammatory markers.
Comparison of plasma N-brain natriuretic peptide, peak oxygen consumption, and left ventricular ejection fraction for severity of chronic heart failure.
Consumption of (n-3) fatty acids is related to plasma biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation in women.
Gamma-tocopherol as a possible marker for nutrition-related risk: results from four National Diet and Nutrition Surveys in Britain.
Randomized controlled trial of dietary intervention: association between level of urinary phenolics and anti-mutagenicity.
Comparison of the effects of two different types of calcium supplementation on markers of bone metabolism in a postmenopausal osteopenic population with low calcium intake: a double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
Weight loss leads to reductions in inflammatory biomarkers after a very-low-carbohydrate diet and a low-fat diet in overweight men.
Increase in serum amyloid a evoked by dietary cholesterol is associated with increased atherosclerosis in mice.
Ethnic differences in diet and associations with clinical markers of prostate disease in New Zealand men.
Relationship between blood lead concentration and dietary intakes of infants from 3 to 12 months of age.
Associations between coffee consumption and inflammatory markers in healthy persons: the ATTICA study.
Major dietary patterns are related to plasma concentrations of markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction.
Soymilk intake is associated with plasma and liver lipid profiles in rats fed a high-cholesterol diet.
Exploring nonlinear association between prenatal methylmercury exposure from fish consumption and child development: evaluation of the Seychelles Child Development Study nine-year data using semiparametric additive models.
Forensic confirmatory analysis of ethyl sulfate--a new marker for alcohol consumption--by liquid-chromatography/electrospray ionization/tandem mass spectrometry.
Diurnal changes in hypothalamic neuropeptide and SOCS-3 expression: effects of lactation and relationship with serum leptin and food intake.
Association between diet, lifestyle, metabolic cardiovascular risk factors, and plasma C-reactive protein levels.
A novel method for the detection of bacteria in platelet concentrates utilizing oxygen consumption as a marker for bacterial growth.
Overall alcohol intake, beer, wine, and systemic markers of inflammation in western Europe: results from three MONICA samples (Augsburg, Glasgow, Lille).
Maternal protein intake is not associated with infant blood pressure.
Dietary methoxychlor exposure modulates splenic natural killer cell activity, antibody-forming cell response and phenotypic marker expression in F0 and F1 generations of Sprague Dawley rats.
Phase 1 study of multiple biomarkers for metabolism and oxidative stress after one-week intake of broccoli sprouts.
Dietary intake of differently fed salmon; the influence on markers of human atherosclerosis.
Alcohol consumption in pregnant, black women is associated with decreased plasma and erythrocyte docosahexaenoic acid.
Diet and lifestyle are associated with serum C-reactive protein concentrations in a population-based study.
Development of biomarkers based on diet-dependent metabolic serotypes: characteristics of component-based models of metabolic serotypes.
A 7-week reduction in salt intake does not contribute to markers of bone metabolism in young healthy subjects.
Relation of nutrient intake to microalbuminuria in nondiabetic middle-aged men and women: International Population Study on Macronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP).
Association of ambulatory blood pressure and dietary caffeine in adolescents.
Relation of long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake to serum high density lipoprotein cholesterol among Japanese men in Japan and Japanese-American men in Hawaii: the INTERLIPID study.
Genotype, dietary manipulation and food allocation affect indices of welfare in broiler breeders.
Relationship between the ability to recognize energy intake and expenditure, and blood sugar control in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
Changes in iodine excretion in 50-69-y-old denizens of an Arctic society in transition and iodine excretion as a biomarker of the frequency of consumption of traditional Inuit foods.
AT1-receptor antagonism reverses the blood pressure elevation associated with diet-induced obesity.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase in the evaluation of alcohol consumption. A five-year retrospective study of 633 outpatients in a single center.
Comparison of serum fatty acid ethyl esters and urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol as biochemical markers of recent ethanol consumption.
The association between coffee consumption and plasma total homocysteine levels: the "ATTICA" study.
Association between dietary factors and plasma adiponectin concentrations in men.
Applicability of the stages of change model for analyzing fruit and vegetable intake in relation to urinary potassium excretion: baseline results from the High-Risk and Population Strategy for Occupational Health Promotion (HIPOP-OHP) Study.
The relationship of magnesium intake to serum and urinary calcium and magnesium levels in Trinidadian stone formers.
Evaluation of matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry proteomic profiling: identification of alpha 2-HS glycoprotein B-chain as a biomarker of diet.
Correlation between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma homocysteine concentration in vitamin B6-deficient rats.
Prevalence of urinary incontinence in relation to self-reported depression, intake of serotonergic antidepressants, and hormone therapy in middle-aged women: a report from the Women's Health in the Lund Area study.
Dietary flaxseed alters tumor biological markers in postmenopausal breast cancer.
A rapid self-administered food frequency questionnaire for the evaluation of dietary protein intake.
Fish consumption among healthy adults is associated with decreased levels of inflammatory markers related to cardiovascular disease: the ATTICA study.
Evaluation of the effect of dietary vegetable consumption on reducing risk of transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder in Scottish Terriers.
Allergic sensitisation and allergic rhinitis are associated with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet and in red blood cell membranes.
The effects of cranberry juice consumption on antioxidant status and biomarkers relating to heart disease and cancer in healthy human volunteers.
Validation of a patient-administered questionnaire to measure the severity and bothersomeness of lower urinary tract symptoms in uncomplicated urinary tract infection (UTI): the UTI Symptom Assessment questionnaire.
Moderate alcohol consumption and lower levels of inflammatory markers in US men and women.
Assessment of DNA damage and its modulation by dietary and genetic factors in smokers using the Comet assay: a biomarker model.
An approach to estimate between- and within-group correlation coefficients in multicenter studies: plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables.
Evaluation of the odd fatty acids 15:0 and 17:0 in serum and adipose tissue as markers of intake of milk and dairy fat.
Plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake of fruits and vegetables: individual-level correlations in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Caffeine stimulation of cortisol secretion across the waking hours in relation to caffeine intake levels.
High cardiovascular risk in young Saudi males: cardiovascular risk factors, diet and inflammatory markers.
Determination of 3-nitrotyrosine in human urine at the basal state by gas chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry and evaluation of the excretion after oral intake.
Copper chaperone for Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase is a sensitive biomarker of mild copper deficiency induced by moderately high intakes of zinc.
Associations of plant food, dairy product, and meat intakes with 15-y incidence of elevated blood pressure in young black and white adults: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.
Nut and seed consumption and inflammatory markers in the multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.
Association between protein intake and blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
The use of fatty acid biomarkers to reflect dietary intake.
Reliability and validity of an assessment of usual phytoestrogen consumption (United States).
Epidemiological evidence for an association between habitual tea consumption and markers of chronic inflammation.
Validity and reliability of a questionnaire for evaluating nocturia, nocturnal enuresis and sleep-interruptions in an elderly population.
Temporal associations among energy intake, plasma linoleic acid, and growth improvement in response to treatment initiation after diagnosis of cystic fibrosis.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal relationships between alcohol consumption and lipids, blood pressure and body weight indices.
Validity and reliability of a new food frequency questionnaire compared to 24 h recalls and biochemical measurements: pilot phase of Golestan cohort study of esophageal cancer.
Effect of a low-fat diet on fatty acid composition in red cells, plasma phospholipids, and cholesterol esters: investigation of a biomarker of total fat intake.
The association of serum leptin with the reduction of food intake and body weight during electroacupuncture in rats.
Temporal changes in dietary fats: role of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in excessive adipose tissue development and relationship to obesity.
Consumption of Bing sweet cherries lowers circulating concentrations of inflammation markers in healthy men and women.
Carotenoids from in ovo or dietary sources blunt systemic indices of the inflammatory response in growing chicks (Gallus gallus domesticus).
Responses of inflammatory markers to a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet: effects of energy intake.
Dietary choline and betaine assessed by food-frequency questionnaire in relation to plasma total homocysteine concentration in the Framingham Offspring Study.
Urinary potassium is as reliable as urinary nitrogen for use as a recovery biomarker in dietary studies of free living individuals.
Ghrelin response to protein and carbohydrate meals in relation to food intake and glycerol levels in obese subjects.
Selected diet and lifestyle factors are associated with estrogen metabolites in a multiracial/ethnic population of women.
Comparison of two nutrition education approaches to reduce dietary fat intake and serum lipids reveals registered dietitians are effective at disseminating information regardless of the educational approach.
G80A reduced folate carrier SNP influences the absorption and cellular translocation of dietary folate and its association with blood pressure in an elderly population.
Positive effect of dietary soy in ESRD patients with systemic inflammation--correlation between blood levels of the soy isoflavones and the acute-phase reactants.
High cognitive dietary restraint is associated with increased cortisol excretion in postmenopausal women.
Long-term moderate magnesium-deficient diet shows relationships between blood pressure, inflammation and oxidant stress defense in aging rats.
Changes in 24-h area-under-the-curve ghrelin values following diet-induced weight loss are associated with loss of fat-free mass, but not with changes in fat mass, insulin levels or insulin sensitivity.
Folate intakes and folate biomarker profiles of pregnant Japanese women in the first trimester.
Longevity-associated NADH dehydrogenase subunit-2 237 Leu/Met polymorphism influences the effects of alcohol consumption on serum uric acid levels in nonobese Japanese men.
Blood indices of selenium and mercury, and their correlations with fish intake, in young people living in Britain.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid composition as a biomarker of habitual dietary fat intake in an ethnically diverse cohort.
Oxygen and glucose consumption in gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas: correlation with markers of hypoxia, acidity and anaerobic glycolysis.
Which questionnaire? A psychometric evaluation of three patient-based outcome measures used to assess surgery for stress urinary incontinence.
Halogenated organic contaminants and mercury in northern fulmars (Fulmarus glacialis): levels, relationships to dietary descriptors and blood to liver comparison.
Hypercholesterolaemia alters the responses of the plasma lipid profile and inflammatory markers to supplementation of the diet with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from fish oil.
Vitamin D levels in children of asylum seekers in The Netherlands in relation to season and dietary intake.
Association between coffee consumption and markers of inflammation and cardiovascular function during mental stress.
An evaluation of the performance of the self-rating of the effects of alcohol questionnaire in 12- and 35-year-old subjects.
Maternal erythrocyte omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids, and plasma lipid concentrations, are associated with habitual dietary fish consumption in early pregnancy.
Validation of the short forms of the incontinence impact questionnaire (IIQ-7) and the urogenital distress inventory (UDI-6) in a Turkish population.
Determination of ethyl sulfate--a marker for recent ethanol consumption--in human urine by CE with indirect UV detection.
Lutein and zeaxanthin intakes and risk of age-related macular degeneration and cataracts: an evaluation using the Food and Drug Administration's evidence-based review system for health claims.
Dietary magnesium and fiber intakes and inflammatory and metabolic indicators in middle-aged subjects from a population-based cohort.
Determination of glucuronidated 5-hydroxytryptophol (GTOL), a marker of recent alcohol intake, by ELISA technique.
Carotenoid and tocopherol estimates from the NCI diet history questionnaire are valid compared with multiple recalls and serum biomarkers.
Dietary patterns: a Mediterranean diet score and its relation to clinical and biological markers of cardiovascular disease risk.
Design and validation of a new screening instrument for lower urinary tract dysfunction: the bladder control self-assessment questionnaire (B-SAQ).
Effects of tomatoes on the lipid profile.
Effects of a carbohydrate-restricted diet with and without supplemental soluble fiber on plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and other clinical markers of cardiovascular risk.
Dietary conjugated linoleic acid preserves pancreatic function and reduces inflammatory markers in obese, insulin-resistant rats.
Dietary patterns throughout adult life are associated with body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, and red cell folate.
Increased lean red meat intake does not elevate markers of oxidative stress and inflammation in humans.
A diet-induced hypercholesterolemic murine model to study atherogenesis without obesity and metabolic syndrome.
OPEN about obesity: recovery biomarkers, dietary reporting errors and BMI.
Intake of purple sweet potato beverage affects on serum hepatic biomarker levels of healthy adult men with borderline hepatitis.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire measurement of selected nutrients using biological markers in African-American men.
The association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and fasting indices of glucose homoeostasis: the ATTICA Study.
DNA damage, a biomarker of carcinogenesis: its measurement and modulation by diet and environment.
Dietary patterns and markers of systemic inflammation among Iranian women.
Plasma micronutrients are associated with dietary intake and environmental tobacco smoke exposure in a paediatric population.
Soy consumption, markers of inflammation, and endothelial function: a cross-over study in postmenopausal women with the metabolic syndrome.
Dependence of blood indices of selenium and mercury on estimated fish intake in a national survey of British adults.
Development and validation of the Diabetes Obstacles Questionnaire (DOQ) to assess obstacles in living with Type 2 diabetes.
Urine flavonoids and plasma carotenoids in the validation of fruit, vegetable and tea intake during pregnancy in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire to assess folate intake of Dutch elderly people.
Self-reported dietary supplement use is confirmed by biological markers in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Dietary intake of B(6-9-12) vitamins, serum homocysteine levels and their association with depressive symptoms: the Zutphen Elderly Study.
Nutrition education alone improves dietary practices but not hematologic indices of adolescent girls in Iran.
Serum and dietary vitamin E in relation to prostate cancer risk.
Application of proteomic technologies to discover and identify biomarkers for excessive alcohol consumption: a review.
Development and validation of a short questionnaire to assess sodium intake.
High sodium intake strengthens the association of ACE I/D polymorphism with blood pressure in a community.
Long-term fish intake is associated with better lipid profile, arterial blood pressure, and blood glucose levels in elderly people from Mediterranean islands (MEDIS epidemiological study).
A randomized trial of a hypocaloric high-protein diet, with and without exercise, on weight loss, fitness, and markers of the Metabolic Syndrome in overweight and obese women.
Biomarkers of the intake of dietary polyphenols: strengths, limitations and application in nutrition research.
Fatty acid desaturase regulation in adipose tissue by dietary composition is independent of weight loss and is correlated with the plasma triacylglycerol response.
Relationship of alcohol consumption and type of alcoholic beverage consumed with plasma lipid levels: differences between Whites and African Americans of the ARIC study.
Relations of adipose tissue CIDEA gene expression to basal metabolic rate, energy restriction, and obesity: population-based and dietary intervention studies.
Effects of etoricoxib and comparator nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs on urinary sodium excretion, blood pressure, and other renal function indicators in elderly subjects consuming a controlled sodium diet.
Long-term influence of diet and/or omega-3 fatty acids on matrix metalloproteinase-9 and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A in men at high risk of coronary heart disease.
Starch source evaluation in calf starter: I. Feed consumption, body weight gain, structural growth, and blood metabolites in Holstein calves.
Dietary indicators for assessing the adequacy of population zinc intakes.
Is plasma vitamin C an appropriate biomarker of vitamin C intake? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Serum levels of immunoglobulins (IgG, IgA, IgM) in a general adult population and their relationship with alcohol consumption, smoking and common metabolic abnormalities.
Blood phenylalanine monitoring for dietary compliance among patients with phenylketonuria: comparison of methods.
Relationship between serum parathyroid hormone, vitamin D sufficiency, age, and calcium intake.
Addition of oat hulls to an extruded rice-based diet for weaner pigs ameliorates the incidence of diarrhoea and reduces indices of protein fermentation in the gastrointestinal tract.
Prostate-specific antigen levels in relation to cadmium exposure and zinc intake: results from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
An examination of the evidence supporting the association of dietary cholesterol and saturated fats with serum cholesterol and development of coronary heart disease.
Roles of the genetic variation of alcohol-metabolizing enzymes on biomarkers in trauma patients with excessive alcohol intake at emergency department.
Development, implementation, and evaluation of a computerized self-administered diet history questionnaire for use in studies of American Indian and Alaskan native people.
Maternal dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids modifies the relationship between lead levels in bone and breast milk.
Serum potassium changes with initiating low-carbohydrate compared to a low-fat weight loss diet in type 2 diabetes.
Detection and quantification of sucrose as dietary biomarker using gas chromatography and liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry.
Soy protein intake, cardiorenal indices, and C-reactive protein in type 2 diabetes with nephropathy: a longitudinal randomized clinical trial.
Chronic renal failure among farm families in cascade irrigation systems in Sri Lanka associated with elevated dietary cadmium levels in rice and freshwater fish (Tilapia).
Associations of dietary and serum copper with inflammation, oxidative stress, and metabolic variables in adults.
Plasma S-adenosylhomocysteine is a better biomarker of atherosclerosis than homocysteine in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice fed high dietary methionine.
Stability and reliability of plasma level of lipid biomarkers and their correlation with dietary fat intake.
Trial-by-trial relationship between neural activity, oxygen consumption, and blood flow responses.
Urinary sugars biomarker relates better to extrinsic than to intrinsic sugars intake in a metabolic study with volunteers consuming their normal diet.
Serum trace elements in tube-fed neurological dysphagia patients correlate with nutritional indices but do not correlate with trace element intakes: case of patients receiving enough trace elements intake.
Assessment of sexual health in aging men in Europe: development and validation of the European Male Ageing Study sexual function questionnaire.
Associations between age-related nuclear cataract and lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum in the Carotenoids in the Age-Related Eye Disease Study, an Ancillary Study of the Women's Health Initiative.
Dietary and nutritional biomarkers of lens degeneration, oxidative stress and micronutrient inadequacies in Indian cataract patients.
Use of recovery biomarkers to calibrate nutrient consumption self-reports in the Women's Health Initiative.
Fatty acid profiles of blood lipids in a population group in Tibet: correlations with diet and environmental conditions.
Relationships of body mass index with serum carotenoids, tocopherols and retinol at steady-state and in response to a carotenoid-rich vegetable diet intervention in Filipino schoolchildren.
Erythrocyte indices, microminerals and ratios, antioxidants and lipids in Centrum Materna diet-supplemented Omani mothers.
Effects of soy protein isolate consumption on prostate cancer biomarkers in men with HGPIN, ASAP, and low-grade prostate cancer.
Correlation between changes in blood fatty acid composition and visual sustained attention performance in children with inattention: effect of dietary n-3 fatty acids containing phospholipids.
The validity and reproducibility of food-frequency questionnaire-based total antioxidant capacity estimates in Swedish women.
Evolution of bacterial susceptibility pattern of Escherichia coli in uncomplicated urinary tract infections in a country with high antibiotic consumption: a comparison of two surveys with a 10 year interval.
Value of ethyl glucuronide in plasma as a biomarker for recent alcohol consumption in the emergency room.
The Portuguese validation of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Vaginal Symptoms (ICIQ-VS) for Brazilian women with pelvic organ prolapse.
Quercetin transiently increases energy expenditure but persistently decreases circulating markers of inflammation in C57BL/6J mice fed a high-fat diet.
Renal structure and function evaluation of rats from dams that received increased sodium intake during pregnancy and lactation submitted or not to 5/6 nephrectomy.
The relation between the estimated dietary intake of PCDD/Fs and levels in blood in a Flemish population (50-65 years).
Mediterranean diet and plasma concentration of inflammatory markers in old and very old subjects in the ZINCAGE population study.
Markers of dietary fat quality and fatty acid desaturation as predictors of total and cardiovascular mortality: a population-based prospective study.
Herring ( Clupea harengus) intake influences lipoproteins but not inflammatory and oxidation markers in overweight men.
Urinary water-soluble vitamins and their metabolite contents as nutritional markers for evaluating vitamin intakes in young Japanese women.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in humans is associated with increased plasma endotoxin and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 concentrations and with fructose intake.
Metabolomic profiling of a modified alcohol liquid diet model for liver injury in the mouse uncovers new markers of disease.
Prostate-specific antigen levels in relation to consumption of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and acetaminophen: results from the 2001-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Low wintertime vitamin D levels in a sample of healthy young adults of diverse ancestry living in the Toronto area: associations with vitamin D intake and skin pigmentation.
Associations of alcohol consumption with blood pressure, lipoproteins, and subclinical inflammation among Turks.
Dietary exposure to 5-hydroxymethylfurfural from Norwegian food and correlations with urine metabolites of short-term exposure.
Consumption of oat beta-glucan with or without plant stanols did not influence inflammatory markers in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Serum polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons among children with and without asthma: correlation to environmental and dietary factors.
Validation of overweight children's fruit and vegetable intake using plasma carotenoids.
The Danish anal sphincter rupture questionnaire: validity and reliability.
The association between dietary vitamin K intake and serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin is modulated by vitamin K epoxide reductase genotype.
Comparison of selenium levels and sources and dietary fat quality in diets for broiler breeders and layer hens.
Plasma phospholipid fatty acid profiles and their association with food intakes: results from a cross-sectional study within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition.
A casein diet added isoflavone-enriched soy protein favorably affects biomarkers of steatohepatitis in obese Zucker rats.
Evaluation of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease equation (eGFR) against simultaneous, dual-marker multi-sample measurements of glomerular filtration rate.
Serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin as biomarker of vitamin K intake and risk of prostate cancer: a nested case-control study in the Heidelberg cohort of the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition.
Inflammation-associated serum and colon markers as indicators of dietary attenuation of colon carcinogenesis in ob/ob mice.
Citrus fruit intake is associated with lower serum bilirubin concentration among women with the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism.
Evaluation of relative intake of fatty acids according to the Northern Sweden FFQ with fatty acid levels in erythrocyte membranes as biomarkers.
Reliability and validity of the King's Health Questionnaire for lower urinary tract symptoms in both genders.
Rapid Folin-Ciocalteu method using microtiter 96-well plate cartridges for solid phase extraction to assess urinary total phenolic compounds, as a biomarker of total polyphenols intake.
Validation of the folate food frequency questionnaire in vegetarians.
Validation of the folate food frequency questionnaire with serum and erythrocyte folate and plasma homocysteine.
Dietary sources of vitamin B-12 and their association with plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations in the general population: the Hordaland Homocysteine Study.
Comparison of seizure reduction and serum fatty acid levels after receiving the ketogenic and modified Atkins diet.
Psychometric validation of the Japanese version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Short Form.
Validation of Spanish versions of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ): a multicenter validation randomized study.
Changes in biochemical indices of bone metabolism in post-menopausal women following a dietary intervention with fortified dairy products.
Whole blood aggregation, coagulation, and markers of platelet activation in diet-induced diabetic C57BL/6J mice.
Association of blood pressure levels with the effects of alcohol intake on the vasculature in Japanese men.
Relationships between faecal phytate and mineral excretion depend on dietary phytate and age.
Rheumatoid cachexia is associated with dyslipidemia and low levels of atheroprotective natural antibodies against phosphorylcholine but not with dietary fat in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a cross-sectional study.
A review of the use of ethyl glucuronide as a marker for ethanol consumption in forensic and clinical medicine.
The EORTC Quality of Life Questionnaire for patients with prostate cancer: EORTC QLQ-PR25. Validation study for Spanish patients.
Prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in serum in relation to blood lead concentration and alcohol consumption in men.
Autoantibodies against epidermal transglutaminase are a sensitive diagnostic marker in patients with dermatitis herpetiformis on a normal or gluten-free diet.
Relationship between insulin resistance-associated metabolic parameters and anthropometric measurements with sugar-sweetened beverage intake and physical activity levels in US adolescents: findings from the 1999-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Urinary calcium excretion in non-lactating dairy cows in relation to intake of fat-coated rice bran.
Drug-adherence questionnaires not valid for patients taking blood-pressure-lowering drugs in a primary health care setting.
Bioavailability of phenolic antioxidants associated with dietary fiber: plasma antioxidant capacity after acute and long-term intake in humans.
Weekly compared with daily blood glucose monitoring in women with diet-treated gestational diabetes.
Differential associations of dietary sodium and potassium  intake with blood pressure: a focus on pulse pressure.
Associations of alcohol consumption with blood pressure and serum lipids in Japanese female smokers and nonsmokers.
Preliminary evaluation of phosphatidylethanol and alcohol consumption in patients with liver disease and hypertension.
Trans fat feeding results in higher serum alanine aminotransferase and increased insulin resistance compared with a standard murine high-fat diet.
A probabilistic approach for the evaluation of pharmacological effect induced by patient irregular drug intake.
Carbohydrate intake, serum lipids and apolipoprotein E phenotype show association in children.
Validation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12) in a Turkish population.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine association with antioxidants intake in healthy young adults: a role as an indicator of metabolic syndrome features.
Site-specific concentrations of carotenoids in adipose tissue: relations with dietary and serum carotenoid concentrations in healthy adults.
Quantifying calcium intake in school age children: development and validation of the Calcium Counts! food frequency questionnaire.
Correlation of erythrocyte fatty acid composition and dietary intakes with markers of atherosclerosis in patients with myocardial infarction.
Diet and serum micronutrients in relation to cervical neoplasia and cancer among low-income Brazilian women.
Effect of the dietary supplement Meltdown on catecholamine secretion, markers of lipolysis, and metabolic rate in men and women: a randomized, placebo controlled, cross-over study.
Serum antioxidant levels in wild birds vary in relation to diet, season, life history strategy, and species.
Comparison of urine results concerning co-consumption of illicit heroin and other drugs in heroin and methadone maintenance programs.
Estimating food intakes in Australia: validation of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) food frequency questionnaire against weighed dietary intakes.
Adolescent alcohol consumption: biomarkers PEth and FAEE in relation to interview and questionnaire data.
Intake risk and dose evaluation methods for workers in radiochemistry labs of a medical cyclotron facility.
Hunting with lead: association between blood lead levels and wild game consumption.
Soy-protein consumption and kidney-related biomarkers among type 2 diabetics: a crossover, randomized clinical trial.
Genetic polymorphisms of tumor necrosis factor-alpha modify the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and plasma high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations in a population of young adults.
In pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma blood concentrations of some organochlorine compounds and coffee intake are independently associated with KRAS mutations.
Absorption estimates improve the validity of the relationship between dietary and serum lycopene.
Discovery of biomarkers that reflect the intake of sodium selenate by nutritional proteomics.
An exploratory NMR nutri-metabonomic investigation reveals dimethyl sulfone as a dietary biomarker for onion intake.
Correlation between serum phospholipid fatty acids and dietary intakes assessed a few years earlier.
Plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites as potential biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye cereal fibre intakes in women.
Combined treatment with Dif1stat and diet reduce plasma lipid indicators of moderate hypercholesterolemia more effectively than diet alone: a randomized trial in parallel groups.
Modifications in dietary fat quality are associated with changes in serum lipids of older adults independently of lipid medication.
The intake of lead and associated metals by sheep grazing mining-contaminated floodplain pastures in mid-Wales, UK: II. Metal concentrations in blood and wool.
Dairy consumption and circulating levels of inflammatory markers among Iranian women.
Correlation between dietary zinc intakes and its serum levels with depression scales in young female students.
Effects of dietary fish oil and trans fat on rat aorta histopathology and cardiovascular risk markers.
Relationships of family support, diet therapy practice and blood glucose control in typeII diabetic patients.
The natural 13C abundance of plasma glucose is a useful biomarker of recent dietary caloric sweetener intake.
Increased consumption of fatty and lean fish reduces serum C-reactive protein concentrations but not inflammation markers in feces and in colonic biopsies.
Residue depletion and tissue-plasma correlation of methyl-3-quinoxaline-2-carboxylic acid after dietary administration of olaquindox in pigs.
Evaluation of erectile dysfunction and associated cardiovascular risk using structured questionnaires in Chinese type 2 diabetic men.
Dietary fiber does not displace energy but is associated with decreased serum cholesterol concentrations in healthy children.
Association of alcohol intake with the risk of malignant lymphoma and plasma cell myeloma in Japanese: a population-based cohort study (Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study).
Exercise training versus diet-induced weight-loss on metabolic risk factors and inflammatory markers in obese subjects: a 12-week randomized intervention study.
Proanthocyanidin metabolites associated with dietary fibre from in vitro colonic fermentation and proanthocyanidin metabolites in human plasma.
Correlates of dietary energy sources with cardiovascular disease risk markers in Mexican school-age children.
Dioxins, polychlorinated biphenyls, methyl mercury and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids as biomarkers of fish consumption.
Genetic variants in the apelin system and blood pressure responses to dietary sodium interventions: a family-based association study.
Continence definition after radical prostatectomy using urinary quality of life: evaluation of patient reported validated questionnaires.
Decreased cholesterol levels reflect a consumption of anti-inflammatory isoprenoids associated with an impaired control of inflammation in a mouse model of mevalonate kinase deficiency.
Effect of ezetimibe on hepatic fat, inflammatory markers, and apolipoprotein B-100 kinetics in insulin-resistant obese subjects on a weight loss diet.
Dietary intake and serum and hair concentrations of minerals and their relationship with serum lipids and glucose levels in hypertensive and obese patients with insulin resistance.
Food insecurity is associated with food consumption patterns and anthropometric measures but not serum micronutrient levels in adults in rural Tanzania.
Dietary calcium intake is associated with less gain in intra-abdominal adipose tissue over 1 year.
Complex trade-offs in the pigeon (Columba livia): egg antioxidant capacity and female serum oxidative status in relation to diet quality.
The T-13910C polymorphism in the lactase phlorizin hydrolase gene is associated with differences in serum calcium levels and calcium intake.
High sucrose intake in rats is associated with increased ACE2 and angiotensin-(1-7) levels in the adipose tissue.
Effect of different dietary zinc levels on hepatic antioxidant and micronutrients indices under oxidative stress conditions.
Dietary arginine levels alter markers of arginine utilization in peripheral blood mononuclear cells and thymocytes in young broiler chicks.
Future prospects for biomarkers of alcohol consumption and alcohol-induced disorders.
Overnight urinary excretion of isoflavones as an indicator for dietary isoflavone intake in Korean girls of pubertal age.
Effects of a hypocaloric diet on obesity biomarkers: prevention of low-grade inflammation since childhood.
Maternal overnutrition impacts offspring adiposity and brain appetite markers-modulation by postweaning diet.
Dietary intake of vitamins B6, B12 and folate in relation to homocysteine serum concentration in the adult Polish population - WOBASZ Project.
Evaluation of a risk assessment questionnaire to assist hepatitis C screening in the general population.
Influence of meal intake on pulse wave indices in type 2 diabetes.
High fruit intake is associated with a lower risk of future hypertension determined by home blood pressure measurement: the OHASAMA study.
Validation of a global pelvic floor symptom bother questionnaire.
The effectiveness of relative dose response to retinol intake as an evaluation of vitamin A status of cirrhotic patients.
Relationship of self-reported alcohol consumption to ambulatory blood pressure in a sample of healthy adults.
Blood concentration of methylmercury in relation to food consumption.
Associations between dietary patterns and flow cytometry-measured biomarkers of inflammation and cellular activation in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Carotid Artery MRI Study.
Associations of food and nutrient intakes with serum IGF-I, IGF-II, IGFBP-3, TGF-b1, total SOD activity and sFas levels among middle-aged Japanese: the Japan Collaborative Cohort study.
Validation of electronic urinary incontinence questionnaires.
Unmetabolized serum folic acid and its relation to folic acid intake from diet and supplements in a nationally representative sample of adults aged > or =60 y in the United States.
Metabolic profiling strategy for discovery of nutritional biomarkers: proline betaine as a marker of citrus consumption.
Improvement of bone formation biomarkers after 1-year consumption with milk fortified with eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, oleic acid, and selected vitamins.
Measurement of dietary intake of fatty acids in pregnant women: comparison of self-reported intakes with adipose tissue levels.
Effect of oral intake of capsaicinoid beadlets on catecholamine secretion and blood markers of lipolysis in healthy adults: a randomized, placebo controlled, double-blind, cross-over study.
Reliability and relative validity of a quantitative food-frequency questionnaire for use among adults in Italian population.
Regular daily intake of black tea improves oxidative stress biomarkers and decreases serum C-reactive protein levels in type 2 diabetic patients.
Association between bone turnover, micronutrient intake, and blood lead levels in pre- and postmenopausal women, NHANES 1999-2002.
Association between coffee consumption and the estimated glomerular filtration rate in the general Japanese population: preliminary data regarding C-reactive protein concentrations.
Lower efficacy in the utilization of dietary ALA as compared to preformed EPA + DHA on long chain n-3 PUFA levels in rats.
Comparison of plasma and intake levels of antioxidant nutrients in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and healthy people in Taiwan: a case-control study.
Urinary metabolites as biomarkers of polyphenol intake in humans: a systematic review.
Evaluation of a novel isotope biomarker for dietary consumption of sweets.
Consumption of rapeseed honey leads to higher serum fructose levels compared with analogue glucose/fructose solutions.
Relationship between plasma carotenoids, fruit and vegetable intake, and plasma extracellular superoxide dismutase activity in women: different in health and disease?
Haptoglobin genotype modifies the association between dietary vitamin C and serum ascorbic acid deficiency.
Bi-directional gene set enrichment and canonical correlation analysis identify key diet-sensitive pathways and biomarkers of metabolic syndrome.
Dietary flavonols contribute to false-positive elevation of homovanillic acid, a marker of catecholamine-secreting tumors.
Iron intake and markers of iron status and risk of Barrett's esophagus and esophageal adenocarcinoma.
Impact of exercise and dietary fatty acid composition from a high-fat diet on markers of hunger and satiety.
Relationship of dietary cholesterol to blood pressure: the INTERMAP study.
Nutrient intake during an elite level three-day event competition is correlated to inflammatory markers and antioxidant status.
Association between the serum folate levels and tea consumption during pregnancy.
Greater coffee intake in men is associated with steeper age-related increases in blood pressure.
The lipocalins retinol-binding protein-4, lipocalin-2 and lipocalin-type prostaglandin D2-synthase correlate with markers of inflammatory activity, alcohol intake and blood lipids, but not with insulin sensitivity in metabolically healthy 58-year-old Swedish men.
Association of interleukin-6 gene -572 C > G polymorphism with dietary intake of n-3 fatty acids on plasma HDL-c level in Chinese male adults.
Associations between glutathione peroxidase-1 Pro198Leu polymorphism, selenium status, and DNA damage levels in obese women after consumption of Brazil nuts.
A dual epigenomic approach for the search of obesity biomarkers: DNA methylation in relation to diet-induced weight loss.
A whole-grain cereal-rich diet increases plasma betaine, and tends to decrease total and LDL-cholesterol compared with a refined-grain diet in healthy subjects.
Use of the predictive sugars biomarker to evaluate self-reported total sugars intake in the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) study.
Correlations of fish intake and plasma docosahexaenoic acid levels with each congener of PCDDs/PCDFs/dioxin-like PCBs in blood from the Japanese population.
A Taiwanese version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire--Urinary Incontinence Short Form for pregnant women: instrument validation.
Reliability of leptin, but not adiponectin, as a biomarker for diet-induced weight loss in humans.
Evaluation of dietary factors in relation to the biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation in breast cancer risk.
Ethyl sulphate and ethyl glucuronide in vitreous humor as postmortem evidence marker for ethanol consumption prior to death.
A study of relationships between bone-related vitamins and minerals, related risk markers, and subsequent mortality in older British people: the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of People Aged 65Years and Over.
Antioxidant intake from diet and supplements and elevated serum C-reactive protein and plasma homocysteine concentrations in US adults: a cross-sectional study.
Sodium intake is associated with carotid artery structure alterations and plasma matrix metalloproteinase-9 upregulation in hypertensive adults.
Use of genetic markers and gene-diet interactions for interrogating population-level causal influences of diet on health.
The association between blood pressure in adolescents and the consumption of fruits, vegetables and fruit juice--an exploratory study.
Association of bone microarchitecture with parathyroid hormone concentration and calcium intake in men: the STRAMBO study.
Nutrition transition among adolescents of a south-Mediterranean country: dietary patterns, association with socio-economic factors, overweight and blood pressure. A cross-sectional study in Tunisia.
Dietary insulin index and insulin load in relation to biomarkers of glycemic control, plasma lipids, and inflammation markers.
Development and validation of a food-frequency questionnaire to assess short-term antioxidant intake in athletes.
Validation of the Japanese version of the Sarcoidosis Health Questionnaire: a cross-sectional study.
Fruit and vegetable intake influences the association between exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and a marker of oxidative stress in pregnant women.
Association of C in fingerstick blood with added-sugar and sugar-sweetened beverage intake.
Consumption of legumes improves certain bone markers in ovariectomized rats.
Elevated levels of triglyceride and triglyceride-rich lipoprotein triglyceride induced by a high-carbohydrate diet is associated with polymorphisms of APOA5-1131T>C and APOC3-482C>T in Chinese healthy young adults.
Higher biomarker-calibrated protein intake is not associated with impaired renal function in postmenopausal women.
Diet intervention and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
A carbohydrate-restricted diet during resistance training promotes more favorable changes in body composition and markers of health in obese women with and without insulin resistance.
Diet-induced elevations in serum cholesterol are associated with alterations in hippocampal lipid metabolism and increased oxidative stress.
Fruit and vegetable intakes in relation to plasma nutrient concentrations in women in Shanghai, China.
Proline betaine and its biotransformation products in fasting urine samples are potential biomarkers of habitual citrus fruit consumption.
Fish consumption in healthy adults is associated with decreased circulating biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction and inflammation during a 6-year follow-up.
Effect of consumption of tomato juice enriched with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the lipid profile, antioxidant biomarker status, and cardiovascular disease risk in healthy women.
Atherosclerosis amelioration by moderate alcohol consumption is associated with increased circulating levels of stromal cell-derived factor-1.
Relationship between dietary folate intake and plasma monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and interleukin-8 in heart failure patients.
Preparing for national school-based deworming in Kenya: the validation and large-scale distribution of school questionnaires with urinary schistosomiasis.
Association of the catechol-O-methyl transferase gene Val158Met polymorphism with blood pressure and prevalence of hypertension: interaction with dietary energy intake.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet with and without weight loss on surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis in men with the metabolic syndrome.
Dietary intake associated with serum versus urinary carboxymethyl-lysine, a major advanced glycation end product, in adults: the Energetics Study.
The Portuguese validation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12).
Molecular markers that can be utilized in diet and dietary supplement research.
Dietary selenium (Se) and vitamin E (V(E)) supplementation modulated methylmercury-mediated changes in markers of cardiovascular diseases in rats.
The association of hs-CRP with fasting and postprandial plasma lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes is disrupted by dietary monounsaturated fatty acids.
No association of vitamin D intake or 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels in childhood with risk of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes: the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY).
Effect of dietary supplementation with unprocessed and ethanol-extracted apple pomaces on caecal fermentation, antioxidant and blood biomarkers in rats.
Correlations of trace element levels in the diet, blood, urine, and feces in the Chinese male.
A diet high in fatty fish, bilberries and wholegrain products improves markers of endothelial function and inflammation in individuals with impaired glucose metabolism in a randomised controlled trial: the Sysdimet study.
Vitamin C and fibre consumption from fruits and vegetables improves oxidative stress markers in healthy young adults.
Sugar-sweetened and diet beverages in relation to visceral adipose tissue.
Comparison of 24-h volume and creatinine-corrected total urinary polyphenol as a biomarker of total dietary polyphenols in the Invecchiare InCHIANTI study.
Chronic excessive alcohol consumption diagnosis: comparison between traditional biomarkers and ethyl glucuronide in hair, a study on a real population.
Vitamin B-12, folate, iron, and vitamin A concentrations in rural Indian children are associated with continued breastfeeding, complementary diet, and maternal nutrition.
Few favorable associations between fruit and vegetable intake and biomarkers for chronic disease risk in American adults.
The relationship between plasma alpha-tocopherol concentration and vitamin E intake in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Validation of protein and potassium intakes assessed from 24 h recalls against levels estimated from 24 h urine samples in children and adolescents of Turkish descent living in Germany: results from the EVET! Study.
Fish consumption, low-level mercury, lipids, and inflammatory markers in children.
Moderate effects of apple juice consumption on obesity-related markers in obese men: impact of diet-gene interaction on body fat content.
Plasma ochratoxin A levels, food consumption, and risk biomarkers of a representative sample of men and women from the Molise region in Italy.
Ecological-level associations between highly processed food intakes and plasma phospholipid elaidic acid concentrations: results from a cross-sectional study within the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition (EPIC).
Fatty acids in serum and diet--a canonical correlation analysis among toddlers.
A pilot study on the effect of short-term consumption of a polyphenol rich drink on biomarkers of coronary artery disease defined by urinary proteomics.
Association between 24 hour urinary -tocopherol catabolite, 2,5,7,8-tetramethyl-2(2'-carboxyethyl)-6-hydroxychroman (-CEHC) and -tocopherol intake in intervention and cross-sectional studies.
Soluble urokinase plasminogen activator receptor in plasma is associated with incidence of CVD. Results from the Malm Diet and Cancer Study.
Biomarkers demonstrate increased consumption, but not abuse, of ethanol in essential tremor.
Effects of rose hip intake on risk markers of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease: a randomized, double-blind, cross-over investigation in obese persons.
Genomic analysis, cytokine expression, and microRNA profiling reveal biomarkers of human dietary zinc depletion and homeostasis.
Association between plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D and colorectal adenoma according to dietary calcium intake and vitamin D receptor polymorphism.
Dietary patterns and ethnicity are associated with distinct plasma proteomic groups.
Trans fatty acids consumption in type 1 diabetic patients: evaluation by dietary records and measurement in serum phospholipids.
The urinary excretory ratio of nicotinamide catabolites was associated with the conversion ratio of tryptophan to nicotinamide in growing rats fed a niacin-free 20% casein diet.
Antioxidant biomarkers and food intake in elderly women.
Total dietary fat and fatty acid content modifies plasma phospholipid fatty acids, desaturase activity indices, and urinary prostaglandin E in women.
Psychometric validation of a knowledge questionnaire on micronutrients among adolescents and its relationship to micronutrient status of 15-19-year-old adolescent boys, Hyderabad, India.
Alcohol consumption shows a J-shaped association with lower urinary tract symptoms in the general screening population.
Consumption of vitamin D-and calcium-fortified soft white cheese lowers the biochemical marker of bone resorption TRAP 5b in postmenopausal women at moderate risk of osteoporosis fracture.
Associations of intakes of fat, dietary fiber, soy isoflavones, and alcohol with levels of sex hormones and prolactin in premenopausal Japanese women.
Low fatness, reduced fat intake and adequate plasmatic concentrations of LDL-cholesterol are associated with high bone mineral density in women: a cross-sectional study with control group.
Sweetened beverage consumption, incident coronary heart disease, and biomarkers of risk in men.
Dietary tryptophan changes serum stress markers, enzyme activity, and ions concentration of wild common carp Cyprinus carpio exposed to ambient copper.
Validity and reproducibility of folate and vitamin B(12) intakes estimated from a self-administered diet history questionnaire in Japanese pregnant women.
Beneficial effects of rosuvastatin on insulin resistance, adiposity, inflammatory markers and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Skin carotenoid status measured by resonance Raman spectroscopy as a biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake in preschool children.
Alkylresorcinol metabolite concentrations in spot urine samples correlated with whole grain and cereal fiber intake but showed low to modest reproducibility over one to three years in U.S. women.
Improvement of vitamin D status via daily intake of fortified yogurt drink either with or without extra calcium ameliorates systemic inflammatory biomarkers, including adipokines, in the subjects with type 2 diabetes.
Intake levels of dietary long-chain PUFAs modify the association between genetic variation in FADS and LDL-C.
A one-year school-based diet/exercise intervention improves non-traditional disease biomarkers in Mexican-American children.
Effects of chronic calorie restriction or dietary resveratrol supplementation on insulin sensitivity markers in a primate, Microcebus murinus.
Validation, cultural adaptation and responsiveness of two pelvic-floor-specific quality-of-life questionnaires, PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7, in a Turkish population.
Association and interaction between dietary pattern and VEGF receptor-2 (VEGFR2) gene polymorphisms on blood lipids in Chinese Malaysian and Japanese adults.
Linguistic validation of translation of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire from English.
The relationship between the fish consumption and blood total/methyl-mercury concentration of costal area in Korea.
Correlation of blood pressure, obesity, and adherence to the Mediterranean diet with indices of arterial stiffness in children.
White blood cell global methylation and IL-6 promoter methylation in association with diet and lifestyle risk factors in a cancer-free population.
The Mediterranean diet pattern and its main components are associated with lower plasma concentrations of tumor necrosis factor receptor 60 in patients at high risk for cardiovascular disease.
Candidate measures of whole plant food intake are related to biomarkers of nutrition and health in the US population (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002).
Detection of alcohol consumption in patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis during the evaluation process for liver transplantation.
Adolescent fiber consumption is associated with visceral fat and inflammatory markers.
Nutrimetabolomic strategies to develop new biomarkers of intake and health effects.
Copeptin, a marker of vasopressin, in abdominal obesity, diabetes and microalbuminuria: the prospective Malm Diet and Cancer Study cardiovascular cohort.
Inverse relationship between fat intake and blood lead levels in the Korean adult population in the KNHANES 2007-2009.
Validation of a semi-quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire for Argentinean adults.
Detection of bacterial growth in blood components using oxygen consumption as a surrogate marker in a tertiary oncology setup.
Serum apolipoproteins in relation to intakes of fish in population of Arkhangelsk County.
Association between erythrocyte concentrations of magnesium and zinc in high-performance handball players after dietary magnesium supplementation.
Association between sodium intake and change in uric acid, urine albumin excretion, and the risk of developing hypertension.
Effect of age and gender on the relationship between alcohol consumption and serum GGT: time to recalibrate goals for normal ranges.
Dietary compared with blood concentrations of carotenoids and breast cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Effect of the intake of resveratrol, resveratrol phosphate, and catechin-rich grape seed extract on markers of oxidative stress and gene expression in adult obese subjects.
Calorie restriction with a high-fat diet effectively attenuated inflammatory response and oxidative stress-related markers in obese tissues of the high diet fed rats.
Relationship between maternal sodium intake and blood lead concentration during pregnancy.
Diet and physical activity among migrant Bougainvilleans in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea: association with anthropometric measures and blood pressure.
Antioxidant characterization of soy derived products in vitro and the effect of a soy diet on peripheral markers of oxidative stress in a heart disease model.
Plasma cytokines as potential response indicators to dietary freeze-dried black raspberries in colorectal cancer patients.
Methyl mercury in nail clippings in relation to fish consumption analysis with gas chromatography coupled to inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry: a first orientation.
Associations between apolipoprotein E genotype, diet, body mass index, and serum lipids in Lithuanian adult population.
Impact of flaxseed intake upon metabolic syndrome indicators in female Wistar rats.
Genome-wide linkage and positional association study of blood pressure response to dietary sodium intervention: the GenSalt Study.
Arsenic exposure and tobacco consumption: Biomarkers and risk assessment.
Acidic fruit intake in relation to incidence and progression of urinary incontinence.
Effect of dietary linoleic acid on markers of inflammation in healthy persons: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Hydration biomarkers and dietary fluid consumption of women.
Cadmium exposure and tobacco consumption: Biomarkers and risk assessment.
Mineral concentrations in hair of Belgian elementary school girls: reference values and relationship with food consumption frequencies.
Higher anthocyanin intake is associated with lower arterial stiffness and central blood pressure in women.
Hydration biomarkers in free-living adults with different levels of habitual fluid consumption.
Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with improved insulin sensitivity, reduced basal insulin secretion rate and lower fasting glucagon concentration in healthy women.
Low calorie and carbohydrate diet: to improve the cardiovascular risk indicators in overweight or obese adults with prediabetes.
Human exposure to lead, cadmium and mercury through fish and seafood product consumption in Italy: a pilot evaluation.
Association between vitamin B12 intake and EURRECA's prioritized biomarkers of vitamin B12 in young populations: a systematic review.
Validity and reproducibility of a food frequency questionnaire for assessment of fruit and vegetable intake in Iranian adults(*).
White adipose tissue apolipoprotein C-I secretion in relation to delayed plasma clearance of dietary fat in humans.
Association of dietary copper and zinc levels with hepatic copper and zinc concentration in Labrador Retrievers.
Mercury, arsenic and selenium exposure levels in relation to fish consumption in the Mediterranean area.
Natural iron isotopic composition of blood is an indicator of dietary iron absorption efficiency in humans.
Effects of combined dietary chromium(III) propionate complex and thiamine supplementation on insulin sensitivity, blood biochemical indices, and mineral levels in high-fructose-fed rats.
Regular exercise and a healthy dietary pattern are associated with lower resting blood pressure in non-obese adolescents: a population-based study.
Agrimonia eupatoria tea consumption in relation to markers of inflammation, oxidative status and lipid metabolism in healthy subjects.
Dietary total antioxidant capacity from different assays in relation to serum C-reactive protein among young Japanese women.
Comparison of catechin profiles in human plasma and urine after single dosing and regular intake of green tea (Camellia sinensis).
Plasma uric acid is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes independent of diet and metabolic risk factors.
Plasma sphingolipids are biomarkers of metabolic syndrome in non-human primates maintained on a Western-style diet.
Grape consumption increases anti-inflammatory markers and upregulates peripheral nitric oxide synthase in the absence of dyslipidemias in men with metabolic syndrome.
Serum and adipose tissue fatty acid composition as biomarkers of habitual dietary fat intake in elderly men with chronic kidney disease.
Dietary biomarkers: advances, limitations and future directions.
Serum metabolic variables associated with impaired glucose tolerance induced by high-fat-high-cholesterol diet in Macaca mulatta.
The relationship between a Mediterranean diet and circulating adiponectin levels is influenced by cigarette smoking.
Biomonitoring of dietary heterocyclic amines and metabolites in urine by liquid phase microextraction: 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP), a possible biomarker of exposure to dietary PhIP.
Response of plasma fatty acid profiles to changes in dietary n-3 fatty acids and its correlation with erythrocyte fatty acid profiles in dogs.
Development of a food compositional database for the estimation of dietary intake of phyto-oestrogens in a group of postmenopausal women previously treated for breast cancer and validation with urinary excretion.
Dietary antioxidant capacity is associated with improved serum antioxidant status and decreased serum C-reactive protein and plasma homocysteine concentrations.
Serum uric acid is associated with dietary and lifestyle factors in elderly women in suburban Guangzhou in Guangdong province of south China.
Intake and serum profile of fatty acids are weakly correlated with global dietary quality in European adolescents.
Measured versus modeled dietary arsenic and relation to urinary arsenic excretion and total exposure.
Comparison of salty taste acuity and salty taste preference with sodium intake and blood pressure based on zinc nutritional status in two rural populations in Korea.
Turkish adaptation of the short form of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12): a validation and reliability study.
11 Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 and dietary acid load are independently associated with blood pressure in healthy children and adolescents.
Time-of-day of energy intake: association with hypertension and blood pressure 10 years later in the 1946 British Birth Cohort.
Positive correlation between serum taurine and adiponectin levels in high-fat diet-induced obesity rats.
Dietary calcium intake is associated with adiposity, metabolic profile, inflammatory state and blood pressure, but not with erythrocyte intracellular calcium and endothelial function in healthy pre-menopausal women.
Reproducibility and validity of a food frequency questionnaire among pregnant women in a Mediterranean area.
Dietary and lifestyle factors and medical conditions associated with urinary citrate excretion.
Folate catabolites in spot urine as non-invasive biomarkers of folate status during habitual intake and folic acid supplementation.
Validation of an Arabic version of the global Pelvic Floor Bother Questionnaire.
The influence of a thyroxine supplemented diet on selected hepatic redox equilibrium markers, liver morphology and the serum lipid profile in rats treated with doxorubicin.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet with and without weight loss on markers of inflammation in men with metabolic syndrome.
Validity of a diet history questionnaire estimating -carotene, vitamin C and -tocopherol intakes in Japanese pregnant women.
A multicomponent lifestyle intervention produces favourable changes in diet quality and cardiometabolic risk indices in hypercholesterolaemic adults.
Associations of plasma phospholipid and dietary alpha linolenic acid with incident atrial fibrillation in older adults: the Cardiovascular Health Study.
Lead, mercury, and cadmium in blood and their relation to diet among Swedish adults.
Association of raw fruit and fruit juice consumption with blood pressure: the INTERMAP Study.
Seven dietary minerals (Ca, P, Mg, Fe, Zn, Cu, and Mn) and their relationship with blood pressure and blood lipids in healthy adults with self-selected diet.
Applicability of food composition tables as a tool to estimate mineral and trace element intake of pre-school children in Japan: a validation study.
Dynamic model for the tissue concentration and oxygen saturation of hemoglobin in relation to blood volume, flow velocity, and oxygen consumption: Implications for functional neuroimaging and coherent hemodynamics spectroscopy (CHS).
Effect of the level of maternal energy intake prepartum on immunometabolic markers, polymorphonuclear leukocyte function, and neutrophil gene network expression in neonatal Holstein heifer calves.
Selected physiologic variables are weakly to moderately associated with 29 biomarkers of diet and nutrition, NHANES 2003-2006.
Beyond medications and diet: alternative approaches to lowering blood pressure: a scientific statement from the american heart association.
A cross-sectional analysis of the relationship between daily alcohol consumption and serum adiponectin levels among adults aged 40 years or more in a rural area of Korea.
A whole-grain-rich diet reduces urinary excretion of markers of protein catabolism and gut microbiota metabolism in healthy men after one week.
Habitual dietary isoflavone intake is associated with decreased C-reactive protein concentrations among healthy premenopausal women.
Children's phthalate intakes and resultant cumulative exposures estimated from urine compared with estimates from dust ingestion, inhalation and dermal absorption in their homes and daycare centers.
Dietary exposure biomarker-lead discovery based on metabolomics analysis of urine samples.
Diet spanning infancy and toddlerhood is associated with child blood pressure at age 7.5 y.
Consumption of yogurts fortified in vitamin D and calcium reduces serum parathyroid hormone and markers of bone resorption: a double-blind randomized controlled trial in institutionalized elderly women.
Reduction in the urinary aflatoxin M1 biomarker as an early indicator of the efficacy of dietary interventions to reduce exposure to aflatoxins.
Associations between access to farmers' markets and supermarkets, shopping patterns, fruit and vegetable consumption and health indicators among women of reproductive age in eastern North Carolina, U.S.A.
The association between serological and dietary vitamin D levels and hepatitis C-related liver disease risk differs in African American and white males.
Associations of IGF-1 gene variants and milk protein intake with IGF-I concentrations in infants at age 6 months - results from a randomized clinical trial.
Association of a reduction in central obesity and phosphorus intake with changes in urinary albumin excretion: the PREMIER study.
Transcriptional impact of dietary methionine restriction on systemic inflammation: relevance to biomarkers of metabolic disease during aging.
A review on structure-affinity relationship of dietary flavonoids with serum albumins.
Fatty acid-binding protein 2 Ala54Thr genotype is associated with insulin resistance and leptin levels changes after a high monounsaturated fat diet in obese non-diabetic patients.
Plasma concentrations of organohalogenated pollutants in predatory bird nestlings: associations to growth rate and dietary tracers.
Psychometric validation of the Italian version of the I-QoL questionnaire: clinical and urodynamic findings.
Higher intake of vitamin B-6 and dairy products and lower intake of green and oolong tea are independently associated with lower serum homocysteine concentration in young Japanese women.
Cultural adaptation and validation of the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory short form (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire short form (PFIQ-7) Spanish versions.
Association of 1 hydroxypyrene glucuronide in human urine with cigarette smoking and broiled or roasted meat consumption.
LC-MS/MS quantification of N-acetylneuraminic acid, N-glycolylneuraminic acid and ketodeoxynonulosonic acid levels in the urine and potential relationship with dietary sialic acid intake and disease in 3- to 5-year-old children.
The Diabetes Self-Management Questionnaire (DSMQ): development and evaluation of an instrument to assess diabetes self-care activities associated with glycaemic control.
Intakes of PUFAs were inversely associated with plasma C-reactive protein 12 years later in a middle-aged population with vitamin E intake as an effect modifier.
Assessing U.S. sodium intake through dietary data and urine biomarkers.
Preferential impact of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A deficiency on visceral fat in mice on high-fat diet.
Dietary Quality Indices and Biochemical Parameters Among Patients With Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).
The role of physical activity and diet on bone mineral indices in young men: a cross-sectional study.
Anthropometric indices and selenium status in British adults: the U.K. National Diet and Nutrition Survey.
Early elevation of albumin excretion rate is associated with poor gluten-free diet adherence in young people with coeliac disease and diabetes.
Evaluation of a new German blood donor questionnaire.
The addition of whole soy flour to cafeteria diet reduces metabolic risk markers in wistar rats.
Association between usual sodium and potassium intake and blood pressure and hypertension among U.S. adults: NHANES 2005-2010.
Dietary practices in isolated First Nations communities of northern Canada: combined isotopic and lipid markers provide a good qualitative assessment of store-bought vs locally harvested foods consumption.
Experimental evaluation of the impact of maternal consumption of aqueous leaf extract of Hybanthus enneaspermus on pregnancy in Sprague Dawley rats.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction improves insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, microvascular function, and cellular adhesion markers in individuals taking statins.
Mushroom and dietary selenium intakes in relation to fasting glucose levels in a free-living Italian adult population: the Moli-sani Project.
Biomarkers of arsenic exposure and effects in a Canadian rural population exposed through groundwater consumption.
Sex-specific effects of high fat diet on indices of metabolic syndrome in 3xTg-AD mice: implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Plasma alkylresorcinol metabolites as biomarkers for whole-grain intake and their association with prostate cancer: a Swedish nested case-control study.
Dietary pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) alters indicators of inflammation and mitochondrial-related metabolism in human subjects.
Association of blood pressure and hypertension with alcohol consumption in HIV-infected white and nonwhite patients.
Associations of obesity, physical activity and diet with benign prostatic hyperplasia and lower urinary tract symptoms.
Urinary and dietary analysis of 18,470 bangladeshis reveal a correlation of rice consumption with arsenic exposure and toxicity.
Curcuma longa extract associated with white pepper lessens high fat diet-induced inflammation in subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Associations between red meat intake and biomarkers of inflammation and glucose metabolism in women.
Polymorphism of rs1836882 in NOX4 gene modifies associations between dietary caloric intake and ROS levels in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Development and validation of a dietary screening tool for high sodium consumption in Australian renal patients.
Dietary arsenic exposure with low level of arsenic in drinking water and biomarker: a study in West Bengal.
Assessment of stability of drug biomarkers in municipal wastewater as a factor influencing the estimation of drug consumption using sewage epidemiology.
Dietary glycemic index, but not glycemic load, is positively associated with serum homocysteine concentration in free-living young Japanese women.
Association between circulating irisin levels and the promotion of insulin resistance during the weight maintenance period after a dietary weight-lowering program in obese patients.
Early biomarkers identified in a rat model of a healthier phenotype based on early postnatal dietary intervention may predict the response to an obesogenic environment in adulthood.
Association of iron depletion with menstruation and dietary intake indices in pubertal girls: the healthy growth study.
Urinary isoxanthohumol is a specific and accurate biomarker of beer consumption.
Hypocaloric high-protein diet improves clinical and biochemical markers in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
Total antioxidant capacity of diet and serum, dietary antioxidant vitamins intake, and serum hs-CRP levels in relation to depression scales in university male students.
Relation of mitochondrial oxygen consumption in peripheral blood mononuclear cells to vascular function in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet on heart failure biomarkers: a randomized sample from the PREDIMED trial.
A stable isotope biomarker of marine food intake captures associations between n-3 fatty acid intake and chronic disease risk in a Yup'ik study population, and detects new associations with blood pressure and adiponectin.
Fruit and vegetable intake and related nutrients are associated with oxidative stress markers in middle-aged men.
Socioeconomic factors are associated with folate and vitamin B12 intakes and related biomarkers concentrations in European adolescents: the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence study.
New biomarkers of coffee consumption identified by the non-targeted metabolomic profiling of cohort study subjects.
Palm oil and blood lipid-related markers of cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of dietary intervention trials.
Protocol for the implementation and evaluation of a community-based intervention seeking to reduce dietary salt intake in Lithgow, Australia.
Metabolomics in nutritional epidemiology: identifying metabolites associated with diet and quantifying their potential to uncover diet-disease relations in populations.
Dietary carotenoids are associated with cardiovascular disease risk biomarkers mediated by serum carotenoid concentrations.
Caffeine intake may modulate inflammation markers in trained rats.
Association of dietary caloric intake with blood pressure, serum lipids and anthropometric indices in patients with hypertension.
Association between alcohol intake, overweight, and serum lipid levels and the risk analysis associated with the development of dyslipidemia.
Processed meat intake is unfavorably and fish intake favorably associated with semen quality indicators among men attending a fertility clinic.
The effects of a 6-month resistance training and dried plum consumption intervention on strength, body composition, blood markers of bone turnover, and inflammation in breast cancer survivors.
Reliability and Validity of the King's Health Questionnaire for Male Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms in Taiwan.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of an aqueous extract of the leaves of Sansevieria senegambica Baker on plasma lipid profile and atherogenic indices of rats fed egg yolk supplemented diet.
