A 1,500 Cal test meal was used to study in man the apoprotein B-carbohydrate content and composition of VLDL, IDL and LDL in relation to the variation of plasma lipids and lipoproteins and the VLDL-apoprotein composition. Three essential facts emerge from the study: (1) the mirror image (inverse significant correlation) between VLDL-apo B plasma concentration and N-acetylglucosamine content of apo B; (2) a reduction in total carbohydate concentration of VLDL- and LDL-apo B, 2--4 h after the test meal and a trend to a reduction in the mannose content; (3) a significant correlation between sialic acid and apoprotein B concentration in plasma LDL during fasting. The effect of diet and subsequent fasting on carbohydrates of lipoproteins and the consequence of such changes on lipoprotein uptake are briefly discussed.
Blood pressure (BP) and heart rate were measured during non-rapid-eye-movement sleep in 392 full-term newborns and in 318 of these infants at age six months. Two-day records of food intake were collected at age six months for 150 infants. Black babies did not differ substantially in BP from white babies either at birth or at six months. The earliest BP tracking was from age six to 15 months (systolic (SBP): r = .29, p less than .001; diastolic:r = .45, p less than .001). No relationship was found between BP at six months and breast- or bottle-feeding, infant weight or weight change, or nutrient intake. The relationship between parental BP, on the one hand, and infant electrolyte intake and BP on the other, suggested that electrolyte intake was related to BP in the six-month-old infant, and that the relationship was different in white babies than in black babies. Among 56 white infants whose mother's mean BP was above the median for this population, infant sodium intake correlated with infant SBP (r = .31, p less than .009). Among 32 black infants, regardless of parents' BP, sodium intake was negatively correlated with SBP (r = -.36, p less than .021).
Concentrations of nitrazepam in plasma were determined by gas chromatography in healthy volunteers after an acute peroral administration of nitrazepam (5 and 10 mg). Placebo tablets were also used, and an assessement of subjective drug effects was made during each medication. In addition serum growth hormone levels were determined. The peak plasma nitrazepam concentration was achieved at 120 minutes (46.9 +/- 3.2 ng/ml, mean +/- S.E.M.) after 5 mg of nitrazepam and at 180 minutes (82.8 +/- 10.5 ng/ml) after the dose of 10 mg. The half-life of nitrazepam in plasma ranged from 16.5 to 48.3 (mean 28.8) hours. A significant positive correlation was seen between the subjective sedative effects and the magnitude of the peak nitrazepam concentrations in plasma. This drug effect was highly significant when the plasma levels of nitrazepam were rising. The subjective sedative effects were more prominent after 10 mg than after 5 mg dose of nitrazepam. The plasma nitrazepam concentration was not significantly correlated with the subjective sedative effect the next morning, 12 hours after the drug intake. Serum growth hormone levels rose significantly during the study both after 5 mg and 10 mg nitrazepam doses (peak levels 16.3 +/- 4.0 and 12.7 +/- 3.1 ng/ml) and were significantly higher than after placebo administration (3.7 +/- 0.7 ng/ml).
To reexamine the relationship between plasma and liver vitamin A levels, data from various species of animals fed fixed intakes of vitamin A ester (expressed as retinol equivalents/kg liver weight/day) were vitamin A ester (expressed as retinol equivalents/kg live weight/day) were studied. The intakes ranging from deficient to toxic were for 48 calves, 4 to 17,600 micrograms; 39 pigs, 17.6 to 19,842 micrograms; 86 rabbits, 4.5 to 287 micrograms; 138 rats, 4 to 16,384 micrograms; and 40 goats, 1 to 17,640 micrograms. Following the feeding of these intakes for periods of between 5 and 133 weeks, blood and liver samples were taken for vitamin A determinations. Plasma vitamin A concentrations reached minimum values at low liver vitamin A levels whereas liver vitamin A levels reached maximum values at high plasma vitamin A concentrations. Upon elimination of data pairs at the extremes, linear regressions of log10 (total liver vitamin A) on plasma vitamin A concentrations and of plasma vitamin A concentrations on log10 (total liver vitamin A) were statistically significant. Therefore it was possible to estimate within limits the log10 (total liver vitamin A) from plasma vitamin A. Applicable limits were for the calf 8 to 46 micrograms/100 ml of plasma, for the pig 14 to 32, for the rabbit 14 to 74, for the rat 5 to 51 and for the goat 22 to 55. Simple correlation coefficients were 0.92, 0.60, 0.93, 0.92 and 0.75.
Normal subjects were divided into two groups, i.e., those showing, and those not showing, facial flushing after consuming a small amount of alcohol. In the flushing group, increases of pulse rate, facial skin temperature and carotid arterial pressure and blood flow rate, as well as changes of digital plethysmogram and electrocardiogram, were found together with a conspicuous rise in blood acetaldehyde levels after the drinking. However, significant changes of the signs as mentioned above and elevation of blood acetaldehyde did not occur in the non-flushing group. The maximum blood alcohol levels and the rate of alcohol elimination showed not difference between these two groups. Furthermore, urinary excretions of epinephrine and norepinephrine increased in the flushing cases after the drinking.
Shock was induced in 537 rats by exteriorization of the intestines and occlusion of the superior mesenteric circulation for 1 hour. After 1 hour of this intestinal ischemia shock, oxygen consumption (VO2) decreased to half of the preexperimental values. When no infusion was given, the survival rate at 24 hours was 22%; this was correlated with the degree of restoration of VO2 at 1 hour after shock. VO2 and survival rate improved with infusion of albumin, dextran 40, and dextran 40, and dextran 70. With increasing doses of colloids, both VO2 and survival rate increased; the optimal effect was at the dose of 2 g/kg body weight. When no other therapy was given, colloids at concentrations of 3.5 or 6% solutions had a better effect on survival than the 10% solution. Colloids were more effective than Ringer's acetate when the latter was given in the same volume and up to three times the volume of the colloids.
The clinical courses of patients on the Head and Neck Service undergoing radical procedures were reviewed in retrospect. Factors that appeared to influence the courses such as preoperative radiotherapy, reduced serum albumen, and preoperative oropharyngeal obstruction were correlated with fistulization rate, flap necrosis, and other complications. The study included 105 radical procedures performed over a seven-month period. Sixty-six of these operations included laryngectomies, laryngopharyngectomies, and composite resections. The overall complication rate was 37%, with major complications accounting for 9%. A fistula rate of 20% was found in the pharyngeal group and ranged from 12% in the nonirradiated patients to 44% in the irradiated group. Thos patients with preoperative obstruction secondary to tumor bulk had a complication rate of 58%. Patients with reduced serum albumen levels had a higher complication rate of 55% compared with 35% for the group with normal albumen levels. This study suggests that preoperative replenishment of protein, particularly in the obstructed patient or in those with reduced serum albumen levels, would correlate with a more favorable clinical course.
A competitive protein-binding assay for 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) based upon a specific binding protein in the cytosol from rachitic rat kidneys is described. A diethyl ether extraction followed by separation by freezing was used. The extracts were chromatographed on short silicic acid columns, which separated 25-hydroxycholecalciferol from cholecalciferol, 24,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol, and 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol. A small aliquot of the 25-OHD fraction was used in the assay and free and bound vitamin were separated by dextran coated charcoal. The lower detection limit was 0.8 ng/ml (2.0 nmol/l). The levels of 25-OHD were measured in 596 healthy subjects and a seasonal variation was demonstrated. This variation, however, was only found in those without regular vitamin D intake, whereas the level of 25-OHD remained constant throughout the year in subjects with regular vitamin D supplement. The levels of 25-OHD were lower in the elderly subjects compared to younger ones, but seasonal variation was observed in both groups. In the summer months there was a significant correlation between age and the 25-OHD level. The mean levels of 25-OHD in Denmark are within the range of means found in the United States and Sweden but are higher than those reported from England, Belgium and France. This indicates a relatively high vitamin D intake in the Danish population and a low risk of nutritional vitamin D deficiency.
Rats weighing about 450 g were provided with permanent catheters in the portal vein and the right auricle. This method allows blood sampling from the portal and peripheral circulation at the same moment in the nondisturbed unanesthetized rat. In the ad lib condition the portal glucose level was higher than that in the general circulation before, during, and after the meal. After a fast of 22 hr premeal portal vein levels were equal to those of the general circulation. During the meal the portal glucose levels rose to about 150 mg per 100 ml whereas those of the general circulation did not exceed 130 mg/100 ml. Experiments with glucose infusions systemically and intraportally show that, under conditions of mild deprivation, the level of glucose in the portal vein plays no or only a very minor role in the termination of feeding.
The plasma levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD), total calcium, phosphorus and proteins were measured in 40 healthy mothers and their infants at the time of delivery during the months of December and January. Calcium, phosphorus and proteins were again measured in the plasma of the infants on the fourth day of life. Vitamin D intake of the mothers during their last 3 months of pregnancy were estimated by interviews. The mean (+/-SE) plasma levels of 25-OHD was 9.0 +/- 0.9 ng/ml in the mothers and 5.05 +/- 0.4 ng/ml in cords. There was a significant correlation between mother and cord plasma levels (r = 0.75, p less than or equal to 0.001). The concentration gradient of 25-OHD plasma levels between mother and cord is higher at high 25-OHD maternal concentrations. This suggests that the placenta plays a regulating role in the 25-OHD transfer between mother and foetus. The 4-day-old infants from mothers having a suboptimal vitamin D intake (less than 150 IU/day) have a lower mean serum plasma level than infants born from mothers with a vitamin D intake of more than 500 IU/day.
In connection with a survey of child nutrition in Finland a study was carried out on the serum cholesterol concentration in childhood and its relationship to dietary and other variables. The material consisted of 1496 children ages 5, 9, and 13 years from 14 local districts in Finland. Total cholesterol was determined from nonfasted venous serum samples by a modification of the p-toluenesulfonic acid reaction. Food consumption was investigated by the 24-hr recall method and nutrient intakes determined from these results using food composition tables. For analysis, children in each age group were classified into low, medium, and high cholesterol groups. The serum cholesterol concentrations of the 5, 9, and 13 year olds were 6.03 +/- 1.03, 6.16 +/- 1.04, and 6.08 +/- 1.01 mmole/liter (233 +/- 40, 238 +/- 40, and 235 +/- 39 mg/100 ml), respectively. Of the children 10% had serum cholesterol concentrations of 7.4 mmole/liter (286 mg/100 ml) or more. Serum cholesterol concentration was not correlated with sex, relative body weight, or systolic or diastolic blood pressure. High cholesterol concentrations appeared to be associated with traditional dietary habits and especially with a high proportion of saturated fats in the diet.
An animal model was developed to determine if blood flow to the respiratory muscles limits oxygen delivery and thus work output during inspiratory resistance. With incremental increases in the rate of work of breathing to 15 times the resting level, blood flow to the diaphragm rose exponentially 26-fold. Blood flow to other inspiratory and a few expiratory muscles increased to a much smaller extent, often only at the greater work loads. Cardiac output and blood pressure did not change. Arterial-venous oxygen content difference across the diaphragm became maximal at low work rates and thereafter all increases in oxygen delivery during higher work rates were accomplished by increments in blood flow. Oxygen consumption of the respiratory musculature calculated by blood flow times oxygen extraction increased exponentially with increasing work of breathing and was less than the increase in total body oxygen consumption at each work load. Hypoxemia and respiratory acidosis occurred when the animals inspired through the highest resistance; blood flow and oxygen consumption were even higher than that observed during previous resistances and there was no evidence of a shift to anaerobic metabolsim in blood lactate and pyruvate levels. Respiratory failure did not appear to be a consequence of insufficient blood flow in this model.
1. A 40-fold increase in urinary p-tyramine was observed in a patient with hereditary tyrosinemia as compared to a control population. 2. The excretion of urinary-free p-tyramine was decreased with the restriction of oral phenylalanine and tyrosine in this patient. The pattern of urinary tyrosine and urinary-free p-tyramine was similar during the period of normal protein diet and restricted diet of phenylalanin and tyrosine. 3. The pattern of urinary-free p-tyramine and tyrosine following oral loads of tyrosine and phenylalanine was similar except for a lag period before a tyramine response was observed. 4. The possibility of the patient with hereditary tyrosinemia providing a model to study the origin of urinary p-tyramine is discussed.
Postprandial plasma free amino acids were studied as an index of the level of dietary lysine. Fasting blood was obtained from 11 children who were then fed a meal in which wheat provided 100% of 0.4 g protein and 30% to 50% of 25 kcal/kg body weight. Blood samples were obtained 3 and 4 hours postprandially. Fasting blood samples were obtained from these same children after 9, 18 and 27 (n=6) days of consuming the same diet (2 g protein, 125 kcal/kg/day). Postprandial blood samples were taken from four additional children after consuming a meal containing 25 kcal and 0.75 g protein (0.5 g from wheat, 0.25 g casein)/kg. This meal was expected to provide adequate lysine while still maintaining lysine in lowest concentration among the essential amino acids relative to needs for protein synthesis. After consuming the unsupplemented wheat diet postprandial values showed a significant rise of total amino acids at 3 hours with a return to fasting levels at 4 hours. Total essential amino acids did not change at 3 or 4 hours. Lysine concentration was significantly lower at 3 and 4 hours. The ratio of lysine to total essential amino acids decreased at 3 and, more so, at 4 hours. In 3 of 4 children studied the postprandial decrease of plasma lysine and its molar fraction was not manifest after consuming wheat + casein. The fasting lysine concentration during continued wheat consumption showed no change at 9 days and then a progressive fall at 18 and 27 days. The results with wheat + casein lend support to the concept that a postprandial fall in the concentration of lysine and its molar fraction indicates not merely that lysine is present in lowest concentration but that it is present in inadequate concentration relative to needs for protein synthesis.
The objective of the present investigation was to investigate the nature of the blood amino acid response with amino acid intake in newborn infants. Forty-nine newborn infants of 640 to 4020 g birth weight and 26 to 40 weeks gestational age were placed on one of the following regimes within 48 hr of birth: intravenous dextrose with intravenous feeding of three levels of crystalline amino acid mixture, or of one level of casein hydrolysate, or with oral feeding of two levels of milk formula. Blood amino acid levels at 132 hr after feeding of graded levels of the intravenous amino acid solution were evaluated by regression analyses and compared to blood levels when casein hydrolysate was fed intravenously or milk formula was fed orally. At low levels of amino acid intake, such as were achieved with formula feeding, blood levels were relatively unchanged. However, with higher intakes, as were obtained with intravenous feedings, blood levels increased at rates which could be defined for each amino acid. This observation suggests that if the composition and rate of delivery of an amino acid solution is known, blood levels may be predicted.
The interaction of (125)I-labeled insulin with purified liver plasma membrane from rats fed a high fat (L) diet or a high glucose (G) diet was studied with respect to specific binding, insulin degradation, binding site degradation, and rate of hormone association and dissociation. Scatchard analysis suggested the presence of high and low affinity binding sites for membranes of both G and L diet-adapted rats. However, liver plasma membrane from rats fed the high glucose diet bound 50% more insulin than did membrane from rats fed the high fat diet. Diet did not change insulin binding site degradation. The results suggested that an apparently reduced number of insulin binding sites (G = 10.2 +/- 2.45 x 10(-12) mol/mg membrane protein, L = 4.5 +/- 1.73 x 10(-12) mol/mg membrane protein) associated with fat feeding as compared to glucose feeding was responsible for the reduced insulin binding by membrane from rats fed the high fat diet. The effects of concanavalin A (Con A) on insulin binding to liver plasma membranes were also investigated. Con A enhanced the specific binding of insulin to liver plasma membranes from rats fed either diet at concentrations lower than 50 micro g/ml, whereas at concentrations higher than 50 micro g/ml Con A inhibited insulin binding to these membranes. The stimulatory effect of Con A on insulin binding at low concentrations was greater and inhibition of binding at high concentration was less in the case of membrane prepared from L diet-adapted animals. These results suggested that diet can modify the plasma membrane glycoproteins.
1. Complete ligation of the aorta between the origins of the two renal arteries in the rat produces a predictable form of accelerated hypertension. Changes in the blood pressure, plasma renin activity and renal histological lesions have been studied. 2. Group 1 rats and their control group (group 2) received tap water, and group 3 and its control group (group 4) received sodium chloride solution (0-154 mol/l) in place of tap water, for 4 weeks before aortic ligation. In the experimental groups 1 and 3, complete ligation was carried out. In groups 2 and 4 the aorta and renal arteries were exposed, but not ligated. Interlobular artery lesions were studied on a blind basis and graded 0-4 according to severity. 3. Groups 1 and 3 developed severe hypertension. In group 1 the raised mean arterial pressure showed a significant correlation with increased plasma renin activity. Both mean arterial pressure and plasma renin activity also showed a significant correlation with changes in interlobular arteries. In group 3 the raised mean arterial blood pressure did not show a significant correlation with the depressed plasma renin activity, or with changes in interlobular arteries. A significant correlation was, however, found between plasma renin activity and interlobular artery lesions in group 3. 4. These results suggest that the renin-angiotensin system may influence renal vascular lesions through some mechanism independent of the blood pressure.
Using the complement consumption test by double culture of Paramecium caudatum and Aerobacter cloacae (DPA) as antigen we examined blood sera and compared survival rates and stage of disease in 124 patients with carcinoma of cervix uteri, corpus uteri, ovaries and breast. The evidence suggests that bacteria Aerobacter cloacae constitute the proper antigenically effective substances of DPA. The intensity of reaction and therapy the relative titres of antibodies detected by the test were expressed by the amount of complement consumed in the reaction and designated by the abbreviation "NMHD", i. e. number of minimum haemolytic doses of complement fixed by antigen in the reaction. Patients with NMHD above 8 (i. e. with an intensive reaction corresponding to a high level of antibodies) exhibited partly higher three-year survival rates -- starting from the time of diagnosis, partly more often the clinical stages of disease I or II as compared with patients with NMHD below 4. The best survival rates were found in patients with NMHD above 8 and clinical stage I or II. NMHD values in patients with the initial period of disease and in healthy women did not differ substantially.
Twenty-eight obese women were divided after arbitrary statistical guidelines obtained from control studies into hyperplastic (increase in fat cell number) (n equal to 10), hypertrophic obesity (increase in average fat cell size) (n equal to 11), and a remaining group (n equal to 7). All these subjects were treated on an outpatient basis with an energy-reduced diet (1,100 kcal/day) until weight decrease failure occurred. The fat cells of the femoral and gluteal regions were larger than in the abdominal region in hypertrophic obese subjects. This regional fat cell size profile was found also in middle-aged and young controls. The hyperplastic obese subjects on the other hand had larger fat cells in the abdominal site. At failure of therapy enlarged fat cells in either of the two obesity groups had decreased to the size of fat cells of controls. Fat cell number remained unchanged. Thus the hypertrophic obese patients ended up with a normal body fat while hyperplastic obese subjects had a pronounced remaining obesity. The results suggest that when the fat cell size in different regions of an individual are known, as well as the total fat cell number, the success of an energy-reduced dietary regimen might be approximately predicted both in terms of remaining total body fat and in regional fat depot decrease.
The relationship between changes in blood plasma amino acids and the quantity of protein and energy self-selected by the weanling rat, simultaneously offered two diets varying only in protein concentration, was examined. The changes in the quantity of protein and energy consumed by the rats, which were brought about by the addition of the essential limiting amino acids and groups of essential amino acids to gluten, casein, and zein, were not linearly related to alterations in the total plasma amino acid concentrations or to the accumulation of the added amino acids in the blood plasma. However a consistent relationship between food intake and plasma acids was identified when the plasma tryptophan to neutral amino acid ratio was correlated with the protein intake selected. It is postulated that the ratio of tryptophan to neutral amino acids in the plasma is involved in, or reflects, a mechanism regulating protein intake.
Purified house dust allergen has been employed for screening the susceptibility to inactivation of haemolytic complement in the blood serum of atopic individuals and control subjects. Though the atopic sera displayed a tendency to higher susceptibility, no practical distinction was possible from the sera of patients with various forms of chronic pulmonary disease, extrinsic allergic alveolitis, or urticaria. CH50 and C4 levels were unrelated to allergen-sensitivity of haemolytic complement, nor was there a correlation with the titers of naturally-occurring sheep red cell haemolysins. Although blood group  specificity within the ABO system was distributed over the patients as expected for the normal population, the titers of A- and B-type antibodies displayed a trend to correlate with the allergen-sensitivity of fluid phase complement.
In planning a longitudinal study to characterize the natural history of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), we validated a new disease-specific quality of life questionnaire in a pilot study. We studied 110 men in Rochester, Minnesota who spanned the severity of BPH, from men with no known BPH to men who underwent surgery for this condition. Baseline data were obtained on all men, and the 30 who underwent prostatectomy were re-interviewed to test responsiveness. Reproducibility was examined on the pre-post responses (10 weeks apart) of the 37 men with BPH who did not undergo prostatectomy. Six of twelve question domains were retained in the final questionnaire on the basis of their responsiveness to change, reproducibility, internal consistency, and validity. These were: urinary symptoms, degree of bother due to urinary symptoms, BPH-specific interference with activities, general psychological well-being, worries and concerns, and sexual satisfaction. Most of the more generic measures were deleted.
The intracellular K+/Na+ ratio of various mammalian cell types are known to differ remarkably. Particularly noteworthy is the fact that erythrocytes of different mammalian species contain entirely different potassium and sodium concentrations. The human erythrocyte is an example of the supposedly "normal" high potassium cell, while the dog erythrocyte contains ten times more sodium than potassium ions (Table I). Furthermore, this difference is sustained despite the plasma sodium and potassium concentrations being almost identical in both species (high Na+ and low K+). In spite of these inorganic ion differences, both human and dog erythrocytes contain 33% dry material (mostly Hb) and 67% water. Conventional cell theory would couple cellular volume regulation with Na+ and K+ dependent ATPase activity which is believed to control intracellular Na+/K+ concentrations. Since the high Na+ and low K+ contents of dog erythrocytes are believed to be due to the lack of the postulated Na/K-ATPase enzyme, they must presumably have an alternative mechanism of volume regulation, otherwise current ideas of membrane ATPase activity coupled volume regulation need serious reconsideration. The object of our investigation was to explore the relationship between ATPase activity, ATP levels and the Na+/K+ concentrations in human and dog erythrocytes. Our results indicate that the intracellular ATP level in erythrocytes correspond with their K+, Na+ content. They are discussed in relation to conventional membrane transport theory and also to Ling's "association-induction hypothesis", the latter proving to be a more useful basis on which to interpret results.
The effect of chronic alcohol consumption on Na(+)-K+ ATPase, Na(+)-Li+ countertransport, outward Na(+)-K(+)-Cl- cotransport system and the Na+ leak was investigated in red blood cells from 18 normotensive subjects with a daily alcohol intake of more than 150 g. The study was repeated after 3 months of alcohol withdrawal, and results were compared with a group of 20 healthy normotensive teetotalers. Maximal efflux rate (Vmax) and apparent dissociation constant for internal Na+ (KNa) of the Na(+)-K+ pump and the Na(+)-Li+ countertransport were significantly higher in alcohol consumers. A positive correlation between daily alcohol intake and Vmax of both transport systems (p less than 0.05) was observed. These values significantly decreased after alcohol withdrawal. A simultaneous stimulation of the Na(+)-K(+)-Cl- cotransport system after alcohol withdrawal was also observed. Blood pressure values were higher in alcoholics (133.7/82.3) than in abstainers (121.4/75 mmHg) and significantly decreased (128.5/76.9 mmHg) after withdrawal. A positive correlation between the stimulation of the Na(+)-K(+)-Cl- cotransport and the decrease of blood pressure after withdrawal was observed. In conclusion, chronic alcohol intake induces disturbances on red blood cell Na+ metabolism that dissipate with the cessation of drinking. Similar abnormalities also reported in humans and animals with primary hypertension have been associated in the pathogenesis of essential hypertension. Therefore, the pressor effect of chronic alcohol intake could be mediated through these changes in cellular Na+ metabolism.
The contents of dopamine (DA) and serotonin (5-HT) and their metabolites were measured in rat substantia nigra and corpus striatum following dietary changes, including restriction of protein content (low-protein diet; LPD) and the contents of several large neutral amino acids (isoleucine, leucine, methionine, phenylalanine, tryptophan and valine) for 25 d. The LPD produced an increase in the concentration of tyrosine (TYR) in the two regions of the brain studied. This effect was also observed with all amino acid deficiencies studied except for valine in the substantia nigra, tryptophan in the striatum and phenylalanine in both regions. Likewise, the concentration of 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA), the main metabolite of 5-HT, increased in the substantia nigra but not in the striatum after LPD, as well as with all the amino acid deficiencies studied, with the exception of tryptophan deficiency. In this case there was a dramatic effect on all components of the serotoninergic system, with decreases in the concentration of tryptophan (TRP; precursor), 5-HT and 5-HIAA. This behaviour clearly shows an interrelationship between precursor (TRP) availability and 5-HT synthesis and metabolism. With valine deficiency, dopaminergic and serotoninergic systems demonstrated opposite effects in the substantia nigra and the corpus striatum, and the behaviour of the two monoamines was also opposite within each structure. The significance of these changes is discussed.
In a group of 343 working men, only 34 of whom regularly drank more than 60 ml of ethanol per day, logistic regression was used to determine the combination of biomarkers which best discriminated between those who regularly drank less than 30 ml or 30 ml or more of ethanol daily. The index consisted of apolipoprotein A-II, uric acid, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase and mean corpuscular volume. Even with the relatively low level of alcohol intake reported in these subjects (assessed using a 7-day retrospective alcohol diary), the groups with higher or lower intake of alcohol were separated with a sensitivity of 68%, a specificity of 74% and a positive predictive value of 71%. Systolic blood pressure, adjusted for age and body mass index, was also linearly related to alcohol intake, and when included in the biomarker index improved the proportion correctly classified from 71% to 75%. Using the biomarkers only, 94% of subjects regularly drinking at least 80 ml of ethanol equivalent per day and 100% of the non-drinkers were correctly classified.
Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol (5-HTOL) is currently being evaluated as a marker of recent alcohol consumption. To compensate for urinary dilution, the molar ratio between 5-HTOL and 5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid (5-HIAA) is used. The 5-HTOL/5-HIAA ratio showed a satisfactory degree of individual stability when it was followed in a group of teetotallers for 1 month. The mean value of 5-HTOL/5-HIAA in a group of 69 persons abstaining from alcohol was 7.6 (pmoles 5-HTOL/nmoles 5-HIAA). Ninety-seven percent had values ranging from 4 to 17, with no value exceeding 20. A group of healthy volunteers were tested 12 hr after alcohol consumption and showed a dose-dependent and statistically significant elevation in the 5-HTOL/5-HIAA ratio. Four regular alcohol consumers who were followed during a period of 3 months of drinking had elevated values of the 5-HTOL/5-HIAA ratio in 60% of their urine samples. The present study indicates that urinary 5-HTOL/5-HIAA is a sensitive and reliable marker of recent alcohol consumption. We propose that a 5-HTOL/5-HIAA ratio greater than 20 (pmoles/nmoles) can be used to indicate recent alcohol consumption. This limit gives a low frequency of false positives; the statistical probability of having a value greater than 20 during abstinence from alcohol was calculated to be less than 0.001.
Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) decreases with age in many species and appears to have an important role in the age-related decline in capacity for protein synthesis with age. The goals of these studies were to determine whether (a) ad libitum fed mice demonstrate age-related decreases in IGF-1, (b) the relationship between IGF-1 and age-related changes in protein synthetic capacity in ad libitum fed animals, and (c) whether moderate dietary restriction (which increases both life span and protein synthetic capacity) delays age-related changes in protein synthesis and plasma IGF-1. These studies indicate that (a) in ad libitum fed animals, plasma IGF-1 decreases with age between 10 and 15 months and moderate dietary restriction decreases plasma IGF-1 in young but not older animals, and (b) the temporal changes in protein synthesis are tissue specific; moderate dietary restriction either increases or prevents the age-related decline in tissue protein synthesis. Results suggest that in normal aging, decreases in IGF-1 are associated with the decline in protein synthesis but that other regulatory mechanisms appear to have an important role in this process. Dietary restriction decreases plasma IGF-1 in young animals and either increases protein synthesis or prevents the age-related decline in protein synthesis, suggesting that the effects of dietary restriction are not mediated via increases in plasma IGF-1.
The selenium content of the 1989 harvest of wheat used for bread making in Scotland ranged from 0.028 microgram/g dry weight for home-grown wheat to 0.518 microgram/g for Canadian wheat. The tonnage values indicate that 13.8% of the wheat used in bread making came from Canada. This reflects in a calculated dietary intake of 31 micrograms/d which is well below the recommended levels of 70 and 55 micrograms for adult males and females respectively (National Research Council, 1989). The average glutathione peroxidase (EC 1.11.1.9) level in 478 samples of human whole blood was 6.08 (SE 0.065) units/ml. This increased to 6.65 (SE 0.321) in sixty-two subjects consuming brown or wholemeal bread but was unaffected by oily fish consumption. Analysis of a small number of samples of whole milk, eggs and meat indicated slightly higher concentrations than previously published values but this trend was insufficient to compensate for the lower cereal provision of Se.
BACKGROUND: A positive association between coffee consumption and serum cholesterol levels has been demonstrated and recent results indicate that this may be due to a lipid-rich fraction present mainly in boiled coffee. The possible effects of tea consumption are less clear, although evidence has been presented which suggests that tea drinkers have lower cholesterol levels. The associations between serum lipids and lipoproteins and coffee and tea consumption were examined in the Israel CORDIS study. METHODS: Employees of 21 factories were screened for cardiovascular disease risk factors between 1985 and 1987. Detailed data on coffee and tea consumption and serum lipids and lipoproteins were available for 3,858 men and 1,511 women. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of five or more cups of coffee per day was reported by 10.1% of men and 8.7% of women, whereas only 3.4% of men and 2.2% of women consumed similar quantities of tea. After controlling for a number of potential confounders, coffee consumption (particularly "mud" coffee) was strongly and positively associated with higher serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in both sexes (consumers of five or more cups per day had cholesterol levels up to 18 mg/dl higher than abstainers) and with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in women. There was a nonsignificant negative association between tea consumption and serum cholesterol (cholesterol levels about 5 mg/dl more in abstainers than in those consuming five or more cups per day). In general, more negative health-related habits were reported with increased coffee consumption, whereas this relationship was not found for tea drinking. The relatively small percentage of heavy tea drinkers limits the conclusions that one can draw from this study and controlled trials are needed to evaluate possible lipid-lowering effects of tea consumption. 
BACKGROUND AND METHODS: The relation of tea to cholesterol, systolic blood pressure, and mortality from coronary heart disease and all causes was studied in 9,856 men and 10,233 women without history of cardiovascular disease or diabetes. All men and women 35-49 years of age from the county of Oppland (Norway) were invited to participate; the attendance rate was 90%. RESULTS: Mean serum cholesterol decreased with increasing tea consumption, the linear trend coefficient corresponded to a difference of 0.24 mmol/liter (9.3 mg/dl) in men and 0.15 mmol/liter (5.8 mg/dl) in women between drinkers of less than one cup and those of five or more cups/day, when other risk factors were taken into account. Systolic blood pressure was inversely related to tea with a difference between the same two tea groups of 2.1 mm in men and 3.5 mm in women. Altogether 396 men and 237 women died from all causes, and of these 141 and 18, respectively, died from coronary heart disease during the 12-year follow-up period. The mortality rate was higher (not statistically significant) among persons drinking no tea or less than one cup compared with persons drinking one or more cups/day. This applies to men and women and to coronary heart disease and all-cause mortality. For men, the relative risk (one or more versus less than one cup) for coronary death from Cox regression was 0.64 (95% CI:0.38, 1.07). 
A cross-sectional population study of 655 men and 731 women was undertaken to evaluate the association between the level of alcohol intake, the level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and its subfractions, and blood pressure in men and women in different age groups (20-44 and 45-64 years). Habitual alcohol intake was significantly related to higher levels of HDL-C in both men and women. In the case of men both HDL2-C and HDL3-C levels were raised, while in women this rise was restricted almost entirely to HDL2-C. Plasma apolipoprotein A-I and A-II levels were elevated in men who drank, but not in women. In both, triglyceride and blood pressure levels were raised with habitual alcohol intake, and the increases in HDL subfractions and blood pressure levels became more marked with increasing age in both men and women. Recent alcohol intake had less effect on all the variables except blood pressure. We conclude that both HDL3-C and HDL2-C contribute to the rise in HDL-C levels that accompanies alcohol use, notwithstanding differences in the responses of the sexes. A regular alcohol intake is more likely to be beneficial and some of the positive or protective aspects of alcohol consumption could be reduced by the adverse changes in triglycerides and blood pressure levels.
Catecholamine release from sympathetic nerves and the adrenal medulla is influenced by diet under controlled research conditions. To test whether diet affects catecholamine excretion in free-living men, the urinary content of dopamine (DA), epinephrine (Epi), or norepinephrine (NE) was measured in 24-h collections provided by 572 participants of the Normative Aging Study of the Veterans Administration. Average daily intakes of energy and macronutrients were assessed by means of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire and sodium intake by quantitation of sodium excretion. Catecholamine excretion was also examined in relation to anthropometric variables. Because DA and Epi excretion were inversely related to age, all subsequent analyses included adjustments for age. Although DA and NE were positively related to measures of body size and fatness, Epi was negatively related to body fatness. Excretion rates of all three catecholamines were directly related to total energy intake and inversely related to energy-adjusted CHO consumption.
The aim of this study was to compare alcohol consumption and biological markers for alcoholism in a population of 23 men (57 +/- 8 years) admitted to hospital with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM), and a control group of 46 men (54 +/- 8 years) with coronary artery disease, matched for age. The DCM group had a higher daily alcohol consumption (82 g/day vs. 30 g/day, P < 0.0002). This difference was greater for the consumption of wine (63 g/day in the DCM group vs. 24 g/day in the control group, P < 0.002). Duration of regular daily alcohol consumption was longer in DCM patients (34 years vs. 22 years, P < 0.01) as well as duration of heavy alcohol consumption (> 60 g/day) (25 years vs. 10 years, P < 0.001). Among the biological markers, only the serum levels of immunoglobulin A were significantly increased in the DCM group (3.7 g/l vs. 2.7 g/l, P < 0.03). In this French population, alcohol is strongly linked to DCM. Biological markers appear to be poor predictors of alcohol intoxication in this so-called 'idiopathic' myocardial disease.
The effects of the degree of unsaturation and of the amount of dietary fat on low density lipoprotein (LDL) concentration and composition were determined in vervet monkeys. Diets with fat contents of 41, 31 and 18% energy, each with a low and a high polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acid ratio (P/S; 0.27-0.38 and 1.13-1.47) were fed to six female vervet monkeys for two months. Another six females were given a low fat, high P/S diet for the same period of time, to serve as a reference. The cholesterol contents of the diets were low (21-33 mg per day) and relatively constant. LDL cholesterol concentrations decreased significantly (P < or = 0.01) when the dietary fat content decreased from 31 to 18% of energy. The dietary P/S ratio only affected LDL cholesterol concentrations during moderate (31% of energy) fat intake, where LDL cholesterol increased (P < or = 0.01) with a decrease in dietary P/S. Substantial individual variations were observed in LDL cholesterol concentration responses to dietary fat changes. The changes in LDL cholesterol concentrations were the result of changes in the concentration of LDL particles, as the molecular composition did not differ significantly between dietary periods. The high density lipoprotein cholesterol and the plasma triacylglycerol concentrations were not influenced by the dietary fat changes. During the high P/S diets, the percentage of 18:2 (linoleic acid) increased (P < or = 0.01) and that of 18:1 (oleic acid) decreased (P < or = 0.01) in LDL esterified cholesterol, as compared to the low P/S diets. In adipose tissue triacylglycerol the percentage of 18:2 was three times higher (P < or = 0.01) during the high P/S diets than during the low P/S diets.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The relation of trans-fatty acid intake to fasting serum lipid concentrations was evaluated in a cross-sectional study of 748 men aged 43-85 y. Multiple-linear-regression analysis was used to adjust for age, body mass index, waist-to-hip circumference ratio, smoking status, physical activity, alcohol intake, total energy, dietary cholesterol and linoleic acid, and previous serum cholesterol concentration. Trans-fatty acid intake was directly related to total serum (r = 0.07, P = 0.04) and low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) (r = 0.09, P = 0.01), and inversely related to high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol (r = 0.08, P = 0.03). Trans-fatty acid intake was positively associated with the ratios of total to HDL cholesterol (r = 0.11, P = 0.002) and LDL to HDL cholesterol (r = 0.12, P = 0.001). The estimated ratios of total to HDL cholesterol were 4.4 and 4.9 for persons at the 10th (2.1 g/d) and 90th (4.9 g/d) percentiles of trans-fatty acid intake, respectively. On the basis of results from other studies, these ratios would correspond to a 27% increase in risk of myocardial infarction.
Quantitative gas chromatographic estimates of the major lipid classes and molecular species in fasting plasma were correlated with total carbohydrate, starch, fibre, sucrose and alcohol intake based on 24-h dietary recall. Spearman coefficients (rs) and tests of significance (P) were obtained for groups of 775 males and 471 females aged 20-59 years from a Toronto-McMaster Lipid Research Clinics Population Study. The most significant correlations varying from rs 0.1 to 0.2 and P 0.001 to 0.0005 (n = 400-773) were between increased intake of alcohol and increased ratios of C50/C54 triacylglycerols, C34/C36 phosphatidylcholines and phosphatidylcholine/free cholesterol (PC/FC) of plasma. Increase in total dietary carbohydrate, starch and fibre correlated with decreasing C50/C54 triacylglycerol, C34/C36 phosphatidylcholine and PC/FC ratios (rs = -0.1-0.2; P less than 0.002-0.04; n = 400-773). In contrast, consumption of high levels of alcohol was associated with increasing C50/C54 triacylglycerol, C34/C36 phosphatidylcholine and PC/FC ratios. A high intake of alcohol (50-150 ml per day) distinguished itself from other simple carbohydrate-induced lipid profiles by its marked effect on increased C50/C52 triacylglycerol and PC/FC ratio.
Tissue hypoxia is thought to be pivotal to the development of multiple organ failure, but cannot be measured directly in clinical practice. We assessed the relationship between initial arterial blood lactate concentrations and the presence of the phenomenon of delivery-dependent oxygen consumption, both of which may indicate tissue hypoxia. Twenty-three critically ill patients with septic shock and adult respiratory distress syndrome were studied prospectively and allocated to one of two groups according to blood lactate concentrations. In group 1, blood lactate concentration was less than the level widely accepted as significant (2 mmol.l-1); in group 2, the concentration exceeded 2 mmol.l-1. In both groups, resuscitation with colloid, blood and vasoactive drugs resulted in significant increases in oxygen delivery; in group 1 (n = 13), mean (SEM) oxygen delivery increased from 484 (36) to 730 (44) ml.min-1.m-2 (p < 0.005) and in group 2 (n = 10) from 550 (54) to 780 (54) ml.min-1.m-2 (p < 0.05). In neither group was there a significant change in oxygen consumption. However, there were individuals in both groups who exhibited pathological delivery dependence. This suggests that the absence of hyperlactataemia does not preclude delivery dependence of oxygen consumption with the attendant potential for tissue hypoxia.
Patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy are so malnourished that energy supplementation is crucial. Their degree of energy deficiency was assessed as difference between their energy intake and their energy allowance, which were deduced from easily measured parameters. A significant, negative relationship was found between the basal metabolic rate (BMR) (Y, %, BMR/standard BMR) and body weight (X, %, body weight/standard body weight) in the patients, from which the formula for the BMR was deduced to be Y = -1.116X + 174.5 (n = 202, r = -0.72, p less than 0.001). Thus, it is possible to estimate the energy allowance for individual patients by a factorial procedure from the presumed BMR and a factor for physical activity. In addition, their energy intake was calculated from a constant protein-energy % (14.6%) in their diet and nitrogen intake which was deduced from a significant positive correlation between their nitrogen intake (Y, mg/kg/day) and their nitrogen excretion in 24 h urine samples (X, mg/kg/day). This correlation conformed to the equation Y = 1.053X + 32.4 (n = 267, r = +0.76, p less than 0.001). The validities of the above predictions for energy intake and allowance were examined by plotting the degree of energy deficiency (% ratio of presumed intake/presumed allowance) against the concentrations of retinal binding protein, prealbumin and transferrin in the serum, because rapid turnover proteins are sensitive to energy deficiency. Significant positive correlations were obtained with both variables, suggesting that these predictions were valid.
Prospectively, serum levels of IgE, specific IgE antibodies (AB) to whole cow milk protein (CMP), bovine se-albumin, bovine immunoglobulin, bovine lactoferrin, bovine lactalbumin and beta-lactoglobulin (BLG), IgG and IgG subclass antibodies to ovalbumin (OA) and BLG, and IgG4 RAST to CMP (bovine whey) were measured in 39 infants with cow milk protein allergy (CMPA) at birth (cord blood), at time of diagnosis and before and after milk challenge at the age of 12 months. Immunological measurements were also undertaken in 33 control infants without CMPA at birth, at 6 months and at 18 months. At no time, were differences found between the levels of IgG and IgG subclass AB to OA and BLG in control versus infants with CMPA. In the 39 infants with CMPA no correlation was found between the levels of IgE, IgG and IgG subclass AB in cord blood and subsequent levels of these values, irrespective of the type of CMPA (IgE-mediated (CMA) or non-IgE-mediated (CMI)), and irrespective of whether remission had occurred. In cord blood 25/33 (76%) of the infants with CMPA had specific IgE-AB to one or more of the bovine milk proteins indicating a prenatal intrauterine sensitization to cow milk protein. At 6 months the frequency of specific IgE-AB to bovine milk proteins was significantly (p less than 0.05) higher in infants with CMA versus CMI, and at 12 months total serum-IgE and the increase of these specific IGE-AB and RAST to CMP were significantly higher (p less than 0.05) in infants with persistent CMA. From 6 to 12 months withholding milk resulted in a significant fall in specific IgE-AB to CMP, and IgG, IgG1 and IgG4 anti-BLG followed by an increase after milk challenge. Decreasing levels of IgG anti-OA from birth to 6 months reflect passive maternal transfer of IgG through the placenta, and increasing levels of IgG anti-BLG, already from birth to 6 months, may represent an early exposure to CMP in all infants. Significantly higher levels (p less than 0.05) of IgG anti-OA AB, IgG1 and IgG4 anti-BLG AB were found in infants with persistent CMA, indicating a close relation between the synthesis of IgE and IgG and between IgE and IgG subclasses (IgG1 and IgG4) in symptomatic cow milk-allergic individuals.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
For a 28-d experimental period, rats were fed a nonpurified, cereal-based diet containing 9.1% supplemental beef tallow or fish oil or one of the following beef tallow:fish oil blends: 95:5; 90:10; 80:20 and 50:50. All diets provided between 21.3 and 22.7 g linoleic acid/kg. Higher fish oil intake was paralleled by elevated incorporation of long-chain (n-3) fatty acids in plasma total lipid, mainly at the expense of arachidonic acid. Significant inverse relationships were found between plasma total (n-3) fatty acid concentration and plasma triglyceride, cholesterol or free fatty acid concentrations. Fish oil intake did not lead to a shift of triglycerides or cholesterol from the plasma to the tissues (liver, heart, kidneys). Reduced plasma cholesterol concentrations in the fish oil-fed rats could not be explained by higher fecal excretion of neutral sterols and bile acids. In vivo lipid peroxidation, assessed by urinary malondialdehyde excretion, was enhanced when diets containing greater than 1.8% fish oil were fed.
The major source of endogenous estrogens in postmenopausal women is the aromatization of androgens to estrogens; because alcohol is known to increase aromatization, the relationship between moderate alcoholic beverage consumption and serum estradiol levels was evaluated in 128 normal postmenopausal women. Alcohol intake was based on a composite of self-report and food record information. Among the 78.8% of women reporting alcohol use, weekly intake was 4.8 +/- 0.6 drinks. Among abstainers, estradiol levels were 100.8 +/- 12.1 pmol/liter, significantly lower than in alcohol users, 162.6 +/- 11.9 pmol/liter. Significant bivariate correlations were found between the logarithm of estradiol and total weekly drinks. In multiple linear regression analyses inclusion of alcohol as a variable increased the amount of explained variation in estradiol. Similar findings were demonstrable when the crude estimator of aromatization, the estradiol:testosterone ratio logarithm was the dependent variable. Together, these findings suggest that moderate alcohol use is an important factor for postmenopausal estrogen status and may offer a partial explanation for the reported protective effect of moderate alcohol consumption with respect to postmenopausal cardiovascular disease risk.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of dietary calcium with blood pressure in young children. DESIGN: Cohort. SETTING: General community. SUBJECTS: Eighty-nine boys and girls, aged 3 to 6 years, from The Framingham Children's Study. MEASUREMENTS: During the first year of the study, we derived nutrient data from multiple food diaries (a mean of 9.6 days of recording for each subject). At the beginning of the second year of the study, we obtained anthropometric data and up to five blood pressure readings (mean, 4.5) on each child at a single sitting. RESULTS: The range of subjects' average daily calcium intake was 4.9 to 19.6 mmol per 4200 kJ, with a mean of 12.8 mmol per 4200 kJ. Subjects' average systolic blood pressure ranged from 73 to 129 mm Hg, with a mean of 95.9 mm Hg; for diastolic blood pressure, the range was 37 to 78 mm Hg, mean 54.6 mm Hg. Multiple linear regression analysis, adjusted for the effects of sex, height, body mass index, and heart rate, showed that for each increment of 2.5 mmol of dietary calcium per 4200 kJ per day, systolic blood pressure was 2.27 mm Hg lower (95% confidence interval, 0.63 to 3.91 mm Hg; P = .008). We found no such association for diastolic blood pressure. CONCLUSION: Dietary calcium is inversely related to systolic blood pressure in young children. 
The role of dietary fat and cholesterol in the low blood cholesterol-cancer association was examined in the National Health and Nutrition Survey Epidemiologic Follow-up Study (NHEFS) conducted during 1971-1984. Of the 9,593 male and female participants, aged 25-74 years, 638 developed cancer during the median of 10.2 years of follow-up. Diet was assessed using a 24-hour dietary recall. Despite an inverse association between serum cholesterol and cancer, male cases consumed, on average, more dietary cholesterol, a larger proportion of calories as saturated fat, but a similar proportion of calories as linoleic acid. Among females, cases consumed less fat and cholesterol than noncases. Among males with central adiposity (subscapular-to-triceps skinfold ratio greater than or equal to 1), cases ate more dietary cholesterol both absolutely and as a proportion of calories. Among males with peripheral adiposity, cases tended to eat less dietary cholesterol than noncases. Among females, serum cholesterol was inversely associated with cancer risk among those with central adiposity but directly associated among those with peripheral adiposity. Dietary comparisons were adjusted for age, race, body mass index, smoking status, alcohol consumption, education, and economic status. The results indicate that diet cannot explain the low blood cholesterol-cancer association in men. Furthermore, inconsistencies in the literature in this area may be due, in part, to differing proportions of central adiposity in study populations.
The hypothesis that apolipoprotein E (apoE) polymorphism modulates an individual's response to cholesterol-rich diet was tested in 36 healthy normolipidaemic students with apoE phenotypes E3/2 (n = 9), E3/3 (n = 11), E4/3 (n = 13) and E4/4 (n = 3). The subjects were instructed to eat their usual diets, omitting eggs, for three weeks (baseline). This was followed by a diet high in cholesterol (750 mg/day, from egg yolks) for three weeks (intervention) after which they returned to their normal diet (without eggs for three weeks). Concentrations of plasma lipids and apolipoprotein B, and the composition of total fatty acids were monitored. At baseline, there were no statistically significant differences in lipid concentrations between the phenotype groups. The cholesterol-rich diet induced significant increases in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and apoB in all apoE groups (P less than 0.001). The magnitudes of these increases were similar in groups E3/2, E3/3, and E4/3, in which total cholesterol concentration rose by 13%, 18%, and 12%, respectively. Stronger responses were observed in the small group of E4/4 subjects, in whom the increases in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and apoB were 2.3-fold (P = 0.054), 2.25-fold (P = 0.02) and 2.3-fold (P = 0.004), respectively, compared with all the other phenotypes studied.
STUDY OBJECTIVE: The aim was to examine associations between blood pressure and dietary energy intake, physical activity, and physical fitness in Australian children. DESIGN: The study was a survey of year 7 children attending schools in metropolitan Perth. SETTING: Survey schools were located in suburbs representative of the range of socioeconomic strata in metropolitan Perth. PARTICIPANTS: Data were obtained on 1311 out of 2045 eligible children (64%). The sample included 681 boys and 630 girls. Mean age was 12.0 (SD 0.4) years. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Triplicate blood pressure measurements were obtained using a Dinamap oscillometric recorder. Dietary energy intakes were computed from two week day 24 h records. Physical activity was assessed using questionnaires. Physical fitness was measured using a shuttle run test. Additional measurements included weight, height, and skinfold thickness at four sites. A previous observation of an inverse relationship between diastolic blood pressure and dietary energy intake in boys was confirmed. There was evidence of an inverse relationship in girls but not in boys between blood pressure and physical activity. There was little evidence of relationships between blood pressure and physical fitness. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with weight and body mass index, dietary energy intake and the chosen measures of physical activity and physical fitness are poor predictors of blood pressure in the population studied. 
Sun sensitivity is a major risk factor for melanoma, basal cell carcinoma, and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. Several variables have been used in epidemiologic studies to measure sun sensitivity. The present study assesses their validity and combines them to form a prediction rule for an objective measure of sun sensitivity, the minimal erythema dose of ultraviolet B radiation required to produce visibility reddened skin (MED). Participants were 116 patients with psoriasis presenting for phototherapy who completed a sun sensitivity questionnaire. Of the 14 questionnaire items evaluated, 10 were associated with the MED beyond expectation based on chance. The closest association was with the skin type (of Fitzpatrick), a 4-point scale based on historical ability to tan and susceptibility to sunburn. Color of untanned skin and hair were also independent predictors, and were included in the final prediction rule, which correlated 0.55 with MED. Combining items yields a more accurate predictor of sun sensitivity than any one or two individual response variables, and hence may be preferable for epidemiologic studies.
Dietary intake and biochemical nutritional status was studied in patients who had undergone total gastrectomy (TG, n = 10) or partial gastrectomy (PG, n = 10) several years ago. The dietary intake of energy, macronutrients and micronutrients was very similar in the two groups and was also similar to the intake reported for healthy subjects in Sweden. The concentration of alpha-tocopherol in serum was subnormal in the TG group and that of carotene in both groups of patients, and the values were also significantly lower in the TG group than in the PG group. This was probably due to fat malabsorption, since dietary intake was found to be adequate. The proportions of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in serum phosphatidylcholine were not significantly different between the TG and PG groups. Iron deficiency was found in three patients in the TG group. Three patients (two TG, one PG) had elevated serum alkaline phosphatase and one patient (PG) had subnormal cobalamin concentration. For ascorbic acid, folate, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, zinc, copper and selenium, the serum concentrations were normal or close to normal. Although the stores of some micronutrients seemed smaller after total gastrectomy, no major differences in nutritional status were found between the TG and PG groups. For the demonstration of decreased micronutrient stores during long-term follow-up after gastrectomy, an extended profile of biochemical markers of nutritional status is recommended.
Laboratory markers for ethanol intake and abuse and chronic alcoholism currently in use have been critically reviewed. The merits and pitfalls of each test have been evaluated. The clinical use of the new test of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin has been particularly emphasized. Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin currently provides the highest specificity and sensitivity of all commonly used markers of alcoholism.
We examined the diagnostic value of acetaldehyde-hemoglobin adducts in the detection of heavy drinking and alcoholism. Acetaldehyde adducts from red cells were measured by new chromatographic and immunologic methods. The study population included 20 men with well-documented histories of chronic alcoholism, 18 men who were heavy drinkers, 22 male healthy control subjects, and 8 control subjects with liver disease that was not related to alcohol use. In addition, 20 healthy volunteers and 5 control subjects participated in the study to determine the effect of an acute dose of ethanol. The results that were obtained by the two new methods correlated significantly (r = 0.38, p = 0.002). With both methods, the concentrations of acetaldehyde-hemoglobin adducts were found to be significantly higher in red cells of heavy drinkers (p less than 0.001) and subjects with alcoholism (p less than 0.001) when compared with control subjects. Acetaldehyde-modified hemoglobins appear to have at least the same sensitivity (chromatographic determination = 50% and immunologic determination = 50%) to detect heavy drinking as the most widely accepted conventional biochemical markers of alcohol abuse, gamma-glutamyltransferase (39%) or mean corpuscular volume (17%). In a group of 20 healthy volunteers, acetaldehyde-hemoglobin adducts increased significantly even after a single high dose of ethanol (2 gm/kg), whereas there was no change in the conventional markers of alcohol consumption at the same time. Acetaldehyde-hemoglobin adducts assays should be useful for the detection of heavy drinking in clinical settings.
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the detectability of an effect of moderate alcoholic beverage consumption on the biologic correlate of postmenopausal estradiol levels. Total weekly consumption and beverage-specific intake were assessed using both self-reported usual consumption information and prospective food record data. In terms of total weekly drinks, discrepancies were observed in 35 of the 101 women who reported alcohol use; no consistent pattern of overreporting/underreporting was seen. Although the two alcohol estimates were highly correlated, the relationship between estradiol levels and total weekly alcohol intake was found to be detectable when alcohol consumption based on the food record data was analyzed, but not when the self-report data were examined in a two-tailed hypothesis-testing situation. Evaluating the association between postmenopausal estradiol levels and the two estimates of alcohol intake in random samples of varying sample sizes generated from the mother population of 128 normal postmenopausal women confirmed the finding that the prospectively obtained alcohol data better predict the relationship. Based on the results of this study, it must be concluded that self-reported usual alcohol consumption data must be used with caution when examining an association between alcohol intake and a biologic effect.
STUDY OBJECTIVE: The aim was to assess the interrelationship between alcohol intake, cigarette smoking, body weight, and blood lipid concentrations. DESIGN: This was the cross sectional (screening) phase of a prospective study. The main outcome measure was the blood lipids (serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglycerides). SETTING: General practices in 24 towns (The British Regional Heart Study). SUBJECTS: Subjects were 7735 men aged 40-59 years, selected at random from the age-sex registers of one group practice in each of the 24 towns. RESULTS: Univariate analysis showed little association between alcohol intake and total cholesterol, a strong positive relation with HDL cholesterol, and a significant increase in triglycerides in heavy drinkers. A strong positive association between alcohol intake and body weight was present in non-smokers but not in moderate/heavy smokers. With the exception of HDL cholesterol, the relationships between alcohol intake and serum lipids were significantly different in smokers and non-smokers, apparently due to the opposing effect of smoking on blood lipids and body weight. Total cholesterol and triglycerides were significantly and positively associated with alcohol intake in non-smokers, the cholesterol association being largely mediated by the influence of alcohol on body weight. In smokers, no such association was seen: current smokers who were heavy drinkers or non-drinkers had the lowest mean cholesterol levels. CONCLUSIONS: The association between alcohol intake and body weight and alcohol intake and blood lipids are strongly conditioned by cigarette smoking. Simple standardisation for smoking in multivariate analyses may obscure the independent relationship with alcohol. These findings are of importance in studies seeking to relate alcohol intake, body weight, or cigarette smoking to blood lipid concentrations, or blood lipid concentration to morbidity or mortality. 
The usefulness of whole-day, daytime (waking to retiring time) and overnight urine samples for assessing the relationship between blood pressure and sodium intake was examined in 301 male London civil servants, aged from 37 to 58 years old. Systolic blood pressure (SBP)/diastolic blood pressure (DBP) averaged 126/78 mmHg and the 24-h urinary excretion of sodium and potassium was 174 and 73 mmol, respectively. There was poor consistency between day- and night-time urine samples with respect to both sodium and potassium content. The urinary excretion of sodium and potassium was lower (P less than 0.001) in overnight than in daytime samples. After standardization for creatinine, the night: day ratio was 0.79 for sodium output and 0.55 for potassium excretion. Blood pressure, adjusted for age and body mass index, was significantly and positively correlated with overnight sodium excretion (SBP/DBP: slope = 0.061/0.046 mmHg/mmol) whereas the correlations with sodium excretion in daytime (0.010/0.004 mmHg/mmol) and whole-day (0.024/0.016 mmHg/mmol) urine samples were not significant. Blood pressure was significantly correlated with the sodium:potassium ratio in whole-day urine (1.941/1.968 mmHg/unit). As the agreement between daytime and overnight urine samples was low with respect to both sodium and potassium content, and due to the fact that the relationship between blood pressure and sodium in overnight samples may at least partially reflect pressure diuresis, overnight urinary sodium, even if related to sodium intake, cannot be employed to assess the association between salt in the diet and blood pressure.
Serum concentrations of primary bile acids were determined at different disease activities in juvenile ulcerative colitis and in healthy age-matched controls. In patients with ulcerative colitis in clinical remission, serum levels of bile acids were also studied after long-term intake (6 months) of dietary fibers (wheat fiber and ispaghula, respectively) in a double-blind randomized cross-over study. Blood samples were taken in the morning after an overnight fasting and for 4 h postprandially after a standardized test meal. Determinations of bile acids were made by radioimmunoassays. Patients with total colitis in the active phase had significantly higher serum levels of cholic and chenodeoxycholic acids 4 h postprandially compared with control children. After long-term intake of ispaghula, significantly higher (although not different from controls) serum levels of cholic acid were found 2 and 3 h postprandially, whereas wheat fibers did not affect serum bile acid concentrations. These results may suggest an increased absorption of unconjugated bile acids in the diseased colon and a minimal influence of dietary fibers on serum bile acid concentrations.
As part of the international cooperative Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study, we carried out surveys for the relationship of dietary factors to blood pressure (BP) in 10 areas in China, (Altai, Beijing, Guangzhou, Guiyang, Hetian, Lhasa, Shanghai, Shijiazhuang, Tulufan, and Urumqi). Systolic BP and diastolic BP were significantly positively associated with salt excretion and body mass index. However, 3-methylhistidine divided by creatinine, and taurine divided by urea nitrogen in 24-h urine were significantly negatively associated with both BPs. These results suggest that meat protein intake may beneficially influence BP, whereas salt may adversely affect BP.
Two experiments were carried out with piglets, 3-5 kg live weight, to evaluate the effects of feeding a tryptophan (TRP)-deficient diet for 2 weeks on protein synthesis rates measured in vivo 2 h after a meal. In the first experiment on twenty piglets fed on 250 g protein/kg diets, TRP deficiency (0.77 g/16 g nitrogen) as compared with adequacy (1.17 g/16 g N) significantly decreased feed intake, growth performance and fractional protein synthesis rates (FSR), without variation of RNA in longissimus dorsi (LD) and with parallel increases in RNA in semitendinosus (ST) muscle and liver. In the second experiment thirty-two piglets were tube-fed deficient and adequate diets at the two feeding levels (LF) previously achieved. Both TRP and LF significantly increased growth performance and FSR, but not RNA, in LD and ST muscle, with a trend to a synergy between the two factors (TRP x LF interaction). In another muscle, trapezius (TR), the same interaction was only apparent in RNA content. Among the three muscles it was in LD that FSR was the most responsive to dietary TRP (significant muscle x TRP interaction). In the liver the TRP x LF interaction on FSR and not RNA was the major significant effect, indicating that higher TRP and higher LF were both required to get the maximum protein synthesis rate. At 30 min after a meal the same significant interaction effect was shown on plasma glucose, whilst the higher LF increased plasma insulin with both diets. After a further 30 min the appearance of a similar significant effect of the TRP x LF interaction on plasma insulin resulted from its abatement when the deficient diet had been fed at high LF. These results suggest that dietary TRP deficiency decreased muscle and liver protein synthesis rates in relation to a decrease in the post-prandial release of insulin following a decreased rate of nutrient absorption.
Cebus and rhesus monkeys were fed cholesterol-free diets providing 40% of energy as fat for 6-wk periods. The fats were high-linoleic acid safflower oil (HLSO), high-oleic acid safflower oil (HOSO), or palm oil (PO), rich in polyunsaturated (18:2), monounsaturated (18:1), or saturated (16:0) fatty acids, respectively. In cebus monkeys, plasma cholesterol concentrations during HLSO intake were 17-19% lower than those during HOSO or PO intake, attributed to a decrease in high-density lipoprotein (HDL). Plasma triglyceride (TG) and low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations were comparable during all dietary treatments. Sixty-eight percent of total LDL catabolism was receptor mediated in all dietary groups and this was associated with similar apolipoprotein B pool sizes and fractional catabolic rates. Rhesus monkeys revealed similar cholesterol concentrations (total, LDL, and HDL) during all dietary treatments. TG concentrations during PO intake were 34% and 63% higher than those during HOSO and HLSO intakes, respectively. Hence, dietary 16:0 and 18:1 produce similar effects on LDL and HDL metabolism in normocholesterolemic primates.
IgG subclasses of antibodies to the dietary antigens ovalbumin, beta-lactoglobulin, casein, bovine IgM, and glycgli (a gluten component) were quantified in 20 adults and 10 children with IgA deficiency and healthy controls (21 adults and 7 children). In the IgA-deficient subjects the levels of IgG subclasses in serum were determined. Detectable antibody levels were observed in the majority of the subjects in IgG1 and IgG4 for anti-ovalbumin and beta-lactoglobulin, and in IgG1, followed by IgG2, IgG3, and IgG4 for antibodies to casein, bovine IgM, and glycgli. Levels of IgG1 and IgG2 antibodies to bovine IgM were higher in the IgA-deficient adults than in controls (P less than 0.00005, P = 0.0007, respectively), whereas the other antibody levels did not differ significantly between the two groups. An analysis of correlation between the IgG subclass antibody levels did not provide evidence for a particular IgG subclass antibody response pattern against different protein antigens within the single individual. Serum IgG4 levels correlated positively with the summed IgG4 antibody levels (Spearman's p = 0.673, P = 0.0051). The IgA-deficient subjects, when compared with healthy controls, did not show a particular IgG subclass pattern or restriction of antibodies to dietary antigens.
The ability of a low-fat, low-cholesterol diet to improve the risk-factor profiles of moderately hypercholesterolemic, premenopausal women was evaluated. Nineteen women were fed a typical American diet for 1 mo, after which a low-fat diet consisting of 21% of total energy (en%) as fat, 59 en% carbohydrates, 19 en% protein, and 96 mg cholesterol/d (P:S 1.8) was given. After 5 months, total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was decreased by 7% and 11%, respectively, and total triglycerides increased by approximately 30%. High-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol was decreased by 12% at month 2 and 5% at month 5 (P less than 0.05). Although HDL2 cholesterol decreased progressively throughout the diet period to -35% by month 5, HDL3 cholesterol, which decreased to -5% at month 1, increased to +7% by month 5. Of the plasma apolipoproteins only apo A-II was altered (+15%) by the diet. Body mass index correlated to baseline values and affected response to diet; only the leanest women had significant decreases in total, LDL, and HDL2 cholesterol in response to the low-fat diet.
A study of 748 cases and 1,411 hospital and community controls in four Latin American countries evaluated the association between certain elements of diet and invasive cervical cancer. Subjects were interviewed about their adult consumption of 58 food items, including the major sources of putative protective agents (vitamin A, carotenoids, vitamin C, and folacin) as well as other behavioral and medical characteristics related to cervical cancer. Participation rates were above 95% for both cases and controls. After adjustment for age, study site, sexual and reproductive behavior, socioeconomic status, screening practices, and detection of human papillomavirus 16/18 by filter in situ hybridization, a slightly lower risk was observed for the highest quartiles of consumption of fruit and fruit juices, while no reductions in risk were associated with vegetables, foods of animal origin, complex carbohydrates, legumes, or folacin-rich foods. When nutrient indices were derived, significant trends of decreasing risk were observed for vitamin C (adjusted odds ratio (OR) = 0.69 for the highest vs. the lowest quartile; p for trend = 0.003), beta-carotene (OR = 0.68; p = 0.02), and other carotenoids (OR = 0.61; p = 0.003). Inclusion of vitamin C and beta-carotene in the same model attenuated the association with beta-carotene, while the association with vitamin C remained unchanged. The results are consistent with those of other investigations and provide support for a protective effect of vitamin C, carotenoids, and other substances found in the same fruits and vegetables against the development of invasive cervical cancer. However, the fact that the associations were driven by relation in two of the study sites and among women of higher socioeconomic status leaves open the possibility of selection bias or effects of unidentified aspects of dietary patterns.
A study was undertaken to assess the utility of the buccal scrape technique for measuring tissue levels of carotenoids in short-term intervention trials and epidemiologic studies. In 14 healthy volunteers a good correlation was found between serum beta-carotene levels and recent dietary intake of beta-carotene as estimated from measured food records. Supplementation with 30 mg/day of beta-carotene for 1 week resulted in a sixfold increase in average serum levels, while serum lycopene concentrations remained constant. Presupplementation levels of beta-carotene and lycopene in the buccal mucosa cells were not correlated with dietary intakes or with serum levels. After supplementation, levels of both carotenoids were found to increase in buccal cells, however, most of this increase was found to be an artifact due to repeated sampling. After correcting for this artifact, beta-carotene was found to increase less than twofold in tissue after supplementation.
During the last 16 years an increasing number of studies have indicated a new diagnostic marker of alcohol abuse, unrelated to any of the conventional markers of alcoholism. This marker, now called carbohydrate-deficient transferrin, consists mainly of one or two isoforms of transferrin that are deficient in their terminal trisaccharides. Such isoforms have so far been detected by methods based on charge, i.e., isoelectric focusing, chromatofocusing, and anion-exchange chromatography of various designs combined with immunological detection techniques. This transferrin abnormality measures an accumulated effect of alcohol consumption, appearing after regular intake of 50-80 g of ethanol/day for at least one week and normalizing slowly during abstinence (half-life = about 15 days). To summarize all studies to date, approximately 2500 individuals have been examined, with a total clinical sensitivity of 82% and a specificity of 97%. False-positive results have only occasionally been reported: in a few patients with severe liver disease, usually primary biliary cirrhosis and chronic active hepatitis; in patients with genetic D variants of transferrin; and in patients with (and some carriers of) a recently identified inborn error of glycoprotein metabolism. The mechanism behind the transferrin abnormality is unknown but an acetaldehyde-mediated inhibition of glycosyl transfer has been suggested. Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin may thus offer a new possibility of diagnosing alcohol-related disorders. Its measurement is little affected by other conditions and, contrary to conventional markers of alcohol abuse, is apparently largely independent of concomitant liver disease.
The effects of a 14-week fish diet and exercise programme on lipid metabolism and platelet aggregation in healthy female students (n = 99) were studied. The subjects were divided into four groups: a control group, a fish diet group (3.5 meals containing fish per week, 0.9 g n-3 fatty acids per day), an exercise group (at least three training sessions per week) and a combined fish diet and exercise group. The proportion of n-3 fatty acids increased at the expense of n-6 fatty acids in platelets and erythrocyte ghosts in the fish diet groups. Serum triglyceride concentrations tended to decrease in the fish diet and exercise groups and a significant decrease was found in the combined fish diet and exercise group (13%, P less than 0.05). No significant changes took place in the other serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentrations. Platelet production of thromboxane B2, plasma 6-keto-PGF1 alpha concentrations and adenosine 5'-diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet aggregation also remained unchanged in all groups during the study. However, an inverse correlation was found between physical fitness (maximal oxygen uptake and maximal exercise intensity) and serum triglycerides, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and platelet aggregation. This suggests that improved physical fitness is related to beneficial changes in serum lipid concentrations and to a decreased aggregation tendency of platelets. The responses of the female subjects to a fish diet were smaller when compared to earlier studies on male subjects. This suggests that there are sex differences in the efficiency of n-3 fatty acids in modifying lipid metabolism.
Levels of red blood cell (RBC) fatty acids were determined at baseline and 12 months after storage at -70 degrees C in 15 postmenopausal women to determine whether storage had a detrimental effect on the stability of fatty acids. Four-day diet records were also completed at baseline, allowing comparisons between RBC fatty acid levels and fatty acid levels computed from recent dietary intake. The major fatty acid composition of RBCs did not change substantially during 12 months of storage, and, in particular, for n-6 and n-3 fatty acids most correlations between baseline and 12-month values were greater than 0.90. We also found strong positive correlations between RBC and dietary fatty acids, including oleic, linoleic (18:2n-6), total n-6, and the polyunsaturated-to-saturated fat ratio. We concluded that frozen RBCs may be a useful measure of recent dietary intake for epidemiological studies.
The work indicates the link between the serum cholesterol, atherosclerosis and certain metal metabolism. 122 adult albino rats were used in this study and classified into 5 groups: Control group, 29 rats fed the stock diet; group I, 32 rats fed the stock diet with 1% cholesterol for 6 weeks; group II, 36 rats fed the stock diet with 1% cholesterol for 8 weeks; group IIIA, 17 rats fed the stock diet and 0.2 ml oil/day orally for 8 weeks and group IIIB, 18 rats fed the stock diet and 0.2 ml oil with cholesterol daily (50 mg cholesterol/1 ml oil) for 8 weeks. The results obtained showed that: 1. A positive correlation was found between serum total cholesterol and serum copper, cadmium and Cd/Zn ratio, whereas a negative correlation occurred between serum total cholesterol and serum Zinc and Zn/Cu ratio. 2. A positive correlation was found between serum total cholesterol and cadmium, Zn/Cu and Cd/Zn ratio in liver. On the other hand, a negative correlation occurred between serum total cholesterol and copper in liver. 3. A positive correlation was found between serum total cholesterol and Zn/Cu ratio in heart which was negative in heart copper, cadmium and Cd/Zn ratio. Histopathological examination of liver sections of animals treated with cholesterol revealed the presence of mild degree of fatty change, while the kidney tissues showed glomerular lesion in the form of obliteration of Bowman's capsule with increased cellularity inside, beside degenerated tubules and interstitial fibrosis.
A study was undertaken in 16 male C57BL mice to evaluate the effect of ethanol intake via the drinking water (10% v/v) on urinary-associated acetaldehyde. Eight received ethanol and 8 served as controls. Urinary-associated acetaldehyde (UAA) was measured using a fluorigenic high performance chromatographic assay. Ethanol consumption did not impair growth over the two weeks of the experiment. Following administration of ethanol, UAA increased and remained significantly elevated over levels seen in controls until ethanol administration ceased (11.3 +/- 3.6 SEM microM for ethanol-consuming mice vs. 0.69 +/- 0.33 microM for controls). Ethanol in the urine was found to interfere with the assay for acetaldehyde. However, following cessation of ethanol, acetaldehyde in urine was found to be significantly elevated in urine at 24 hours, after ethanol levels were no longer detectable. In conclusion, measurement of urinary-associated acetaldehyde discriminates ethanol-consuming from nonconsuming mice during ethanol ingestion as well as 24 hours following cessation of ethanol when ethanol levels are no longer detectable in urine. Thus measurement of urinary acetaldehyde may be a useful marker for monitoring ethanol intake.
To assess the relationship between self-selected fluid intake patterns and changes in plasma volume and serum electrolytes during prolonged exercise, five men completed ultramarathon runs ranging from 50 to 100 km. There was a significant relationship between fluid intake and plasma volume changes but no changes occurred in either serum sodium or potassium. Subjects who ingested the most fluid during the race had a modest hemodilution without any changes in serum or potassium. This response may have been influenced by the consumption of beverages containing osmotically active solutes such as sodium and glucose.
Our experimental study has proved, that the increase in the intestinal and splanchnic metabolism is associated with raised blood flow. However, it has been found that so called primary increase of the blood flow by the administration of vasodilatators is not associated with raised metabolism, i.e. no increase in the oxygen uptake has been noted. Injection of Glucagon into the superior mesenteric artery raised both the splanchnic (portal vein) and the intestinal (superior mesenteric artery) blood flow. However, while the intestinal oxygen consumption increases along with the blood flow, when the blood flow to the whole splanchnic area has risen the oxygen consumption has not increased moreover it has decreased. This means, that while the Glucagon quickens the metabolism of the small bowel, that in the other abdominal organs has dropped. This means that while there is not any difference in the vascular effect of the intestinal and total splanchnic area, the metabolic effect shows a disparity, this can be regarded as an evidence, that the alterations in the splanchnic metabolism are not primarily determined by haemodynamic changes. The blood flow is adjusted to the oxygen demand and the physiological changes in the blood flow protect against cellular hypoxia under various circumstances.
Induced hair of the rat was used to examine the suitability of hair analysis as an indicator of cadmium ingestion and for assessing its content in the kidneys or the liver. At an exposure to 3 mg per litre drinking water the transfer to hair exhibited a widely irregular fluctuation during the 50 weeks of the experiment, with a mean which was only slightly higher than that of the "unexposed" controls. The content in the liver increased at the beginning and attained a steady state within 3 weeks, that in the kidneys increased up to the end of the experiment. The content in the heart and the pancreas behaved similarly to that in the kidneys, that in the brain similarly to that in the liver. At an exposure of 300 mg per litre drinking water the amount of cadmium in hair was significantly higher than that in the unexposed controls and the scatter relative to the mean was smaller than at the low exposure level. The content in the liver increased until the end of the experiment, while that in the kidneys exhibited an inflection after 20 weeks, indicating renal dysfunction. After the onset of renal dysfunction the transfer to hair showed an upward trend. The ultimate cadmium content relation was liver greater than kidneys greater than adrenals and pancreas greater than heart greater than forebrain. None of them attained steady state within the 50 weeks of exposure. The correlation between cadmium content in hair and that in the various organs was poor, especially at the low exposure level.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Twenty-four healthy female subjects volunteered to participate in an experiment in which they maintained a high-fat/low-carbohydrate (CHO) diet followed by a low-fat/high-CHO diet or vice versa in a cross-over study design. In bivariate correlation analysis, only glucose (r = 0.52, p less than 0.05) and triglycerides (r = 0.53, p less than 0.05) correlated with changes in plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1) activity. A second-degree polynomial response surface model suggested that transition from a high-fat/low-CHO diet to a low-fat/high-CHO diet is associated with reduced levels of PAI-1 provided that glucose and triglyceride levels are not elevated by more than 1.2 and 0.5 mmol/l, respectively.
The relationships between concentrations of endogenous hormones in serum and dietary intakes of alcohol, fats, fiber, and caffeine were examined in 325 healthy Massachusetts women aged 50-60 y who reported having a normal menstrual period within the previous 12 mo. Diet was assessed by a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Hormones assayed were estrone, estradiol, percent free estradiol, sex-hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), cortisol, and gonadotropins. Alcohol intake was not associated with concentrations of estrogens or gonadotropins. Neither total fat intake nor the fat composition of the diet influenced hormone concentrations. Fiber intake was positively correlated with SHBG; no associations with estrogens were seen. Caffeine intake was inversely correlated with free estradiol and positively correlated with SHBG. These data suggest that fat, fiber, and alcohol intakes of US women at climacteric are not determinants of variations in estrone and either total or percent free estradiol.
Fasting plasma total lipid profiles were determined by high-temperature gas chromatography on a total of 1246 free living urban subjects, ages 20-59 years, from the Toronto-McMaster Lipid Research Clinic Population Study. Quantitative estimates of the major molecular species, lipid classes and lipid class ratios were correlated with a total of twelve dietary lipid components, including total saturated and unsaturated fats. oleic and linoleic acids, and cholesterol, to give appropriate Spearman coefficients (rS) and tests of significance (P) for groups of 775 males and 471 females. The intake of the various nutrients was derived from a 24-h dietary recall. The most significant correlations varying from rs +/- 0.1-0.4 and P less than 0.0001-0.0005 were between the intake of total fat, individual saturated and unsaturated fats, and the ratios of C50/C54 triacylglycerols and the C34/C36 phosphatidylcholines, which reflected the nature and quantity of the dietary fat consumed. Increases in dietary cholesterol and saturated fat produced small increases in plasma cholesterol and saturated triacylglycerols, while unsaturated dietary fat produced small decreases in saturated and increases in unsaturated plasma triacylglycerols. These changes in the plasma lipid parameters are consistent with those observed previously in much more limited dietary experiments with accurately known composition of ingested fats. It is, therefore, concluded that direct gas chromatographic profiling of plasma total lipids provides a simple and rapid method of verifying the overall correctness of the dietary recall.
1. Rates of muscle protein turnover, growth, and food consumption were determined in 4 lines of chickens selected for either weight gain (line W), food consumption (line F), efficiency of food conversion (line E), or at random (line C) and in two Australian commercial broiler strains (S and H). These measures were related to body composition and the circulating concentrations of plasma growth hormone (GH) and IGF-I. 2. N tau-methylhistidine excretion was 10-14% higher in line F and 7-13% lower in line E compared to line C, showing divergence in the rate of muscle protein breakdown with selection. 3. There were no differences between the 4 experimental lines (W, F, E and C) in muscle protein fractional synthesis rates, whether calculated from N tau-methylhistidine excretion or measured directly by 3H-phenylalanine incorporation. 4. No consistent differences were found between lines in circulating concentrations of either GH or IGF-I but plasma IGF-I concentrations were positively correlated over all lines with protein accretion rates. There was a strong inverse correlation over all lines between the rates of protein degradation and FCR. 5. The correlated responses in protein degradation rates are consistent with the notion of a positive genetic association between the overall efficiency of food utilisation for growth and the efficiency of protein metabolism.
A prospective study of 106 patients with low serum cobalamin (vitamin B12) levels showed that, in 37, it was unexplained. The dietary intake of the vitamin was assessed in these patients by questionnaire and was found to be low in 10 (37%). None of these patients was vegetarian and they were of varying age and social circumstance. Dietary deficiency may be the sole cause of a low serum cobalamin in a significant proportion of non-vegetarians. An assessment of dietary intake should be part of the investigation of cobalamin deficiency.
The relationship between coffee consumption and serum lipid levels was studied in a randomly selected sample of 395 young and 385 elderly adults in the Federal Republic of Germany. Analyses were done separately for men and women and for young and older people. After adjustment for body mass index, activity level, smoking, total energy intake, dietary fat, fish, milk, tea and alcohol consumption and oral contraceptive use a statistically significant increase in total serum- and LDL-cholesterol levels with increased coffee consumption was observed in the group of young men only. In this subgroup a difference of 0.11 mmol.l-1 serum cholesterol and of 0.10 mmol.l-1 LDL cholesterol for each additional cup of coffee consumed daily was calculated. This is one of the few studies that includes elderly people. No significant trend was seen between coffee consumption and serum- or LDL-cholesterol levels in the elderly.
A diet questionnaire was developed in association with a computer program to provide rapid nutritional feedback to the general public. The questionnaire was validated against 16 d of weighted diet records and biochemical variables in blood and urine. The highest Pearson correlation coefficients obtained between the questionnaire and the weighed records were for alcohol, fibre, iron, riboflavin (r 0.74, 0.67, 0.66, 0.66 respectively). Striking sex differences were shown in the results; the trend for higher correlations persisted in females. At least 65% of subjects were classified by questionnaire to within one quintile of the classification by weighed record for the majority of nutrients.
High intake of iodine inhibits iodide trapping, iodide organification, and hormone release from the human thyroid. We investigated whether iodine intake also affects thyroid blood flow, as was suggested by a recent study in euthyroid rats. With a Color Doppler device we made 14 consecutive Duplex-Doppler registrations of both superior thyroid arteries in 10 euthyroid volunteers during baseline iodine intake (1 week), iodine restriction (2 weeks), return to baseline (1 week), and iodine excess (1 week; 80 mumol sodium iodide/day). Vessel diameters and mean flow velocity were measured on videotape recordings by a "blinded" observer. Baseline iodide excretion was 0.88 +/- 0.38 (+/- SD) mumol/day. Mean flow velocity was 13.9 +/- 4.1 cm/s, and vessel diameter was 1.07 +/- 0.22 mm. Blood flow was 7.7 +/- 3.8 mL/min.superior thyroid artery. During the low iodine diet, excretion dropped to 0.49 +/- 0.16 mumol/day, and blood flow increased to 11.0 +/- 5.0 mL/min (P less than 0.001), remaining elevated (10.3 +/- 4.4 mL/min) during the second baseline diet. During high iodide intake, blood flow averaged 5.8 +/- 3.4 mL/min (P less than 0.001), and the expected decrease in thyroid hormone levels and increase in TSH were seen. We conclude that thyroid blood flow responds inversely, and independently from TSH, to changes in iodine intake in euthyroid humans.
Thirty-nine patients with advanced bladder cancer received pelvic radiotherapy (3 Gy x 10 during 2 weeks) with palliative aim. Except for improvement of urinary incontinence, no improvement regarding urinary symptoms or general well-being could be demonstrated in 19 completely evaluable patients who were assessed by a mailed questionnaire 3 months after treatment. The median survival for all 39 patients was 7.5 months. Other forms of palliative treatment (chemotherapy combined with radiotherapy or accelerated radiotherapy, palliative surgery) should be evaluated by randomized trials in these poor-prognosis bladder cancer patients. Self-administrated questionnaires seem to be useful for assessing the subjective morbidity of such patients.
Serial serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) levels were estimated in 23 consecutive patients admitted to hospital with a diagnosis of acute stroke. The proportion of patients with elevated GGT levels in the initial, 36-hour and 72-hour samples was 13%, 30% and 24% respectively, suggesting a transient rise following a stroke. Patients with a history of diabetes mellitus had an initial serum GGT level 21 IU/l (95% confidence interval 6 to 37) higher than non-diabetics. We conclude that GGT levels after a stroke may reflect a history of diabetes and cerebral damage as well as the usual more established causes. Physicians, therefore, should be wary of attributing all unexplained high GGT levels in stroke patients to alcohol.
Adipose tissue fatty acid composition, serum lipid profile, and dietary intake of 37 patients on maintenance hemodialysis were studied. In August 1982, 1984, and 1986, analyses were carried out in 15 normotriglyceridemic (NTG) and 22 hypertriglyceridemic (HTG; type IV hyperlipidemia) patients. No correlations were found between dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids (P-S ratio), and carbohydrate content on the one hand and serum lipid concentrations on the other in the two groups. Adipose tissue linolenic acid correlated negatively with serum cholesterol in both groups. Strong correlations were found between dietary intake of PUFAs and adipose tissue linoleic acid content, between PUFAs and the double-bond index, between P-S ratio and adipose tissue linoleic acid content, and between P-S ratio and the double-bond index. No significant differences in dietary intake or adipose tissue fatty acid composition were observed between NTG and HTG patients. Thus, no evidence was found for exogenous dietary influences on serum lipid concentrations. The adipose tissue linoleic acid content did reflect the dietary intake of PUFAs.
A study was undertaken in C57BL mice to evaluate the effect of gender on whole blood associated acetaldehyde following exposure to ethanol in the drinking water (10% v/v). Whole blood associated acetaldehyde (WBAA) was measured from capillary blood samples using a fluorigenic high performance chromatographic assay on days 0, 7, 15 and 27. Ethanol consumption did not impair growth of either male or female mice when compared to controls. Following administration of ethanol, WBAA increased in both male and female mice but marked gender differences were apparent. Female mice consumed more fluid relative to body weight than males (155 +/- 27 S.D. vs. 124 +/- 19 ml/kg/day, p less than 0.001), but had lower mean WBAA levels during the four weeks of ethanol administration (137 +/- 37 vs. 318 +/- 66 nmol/g hemoglobin, p less than 0.001). WBAA levels in male mice were stable over the course of the experiment. Female mice were found to have peak WBAA levels on day seven after which time levels decreased significantly. These experiments emphasize gender differences in ethanol metabolism as well as the need to establish norms based on gender for assays of ethanol consumption which use acetaldehyde adducts with blood proteins.
To determine whether high dietary selenium intake was associated with adverse effects, selenium in diet, blood, and toenails was studied in relation to human health in adults residing in western South Dakota and eastern Wyoming. Over a 2-y period 142 subjects were recruited from households selected at random and from ranches where unusually high selenium intakes were suspected. Subjects completed health questionnaires, underwent physical examinations, provided blood samples for clinical assessment, and provided blood, urine, toenails, and duplicate-plate food collections for selenium analysis. About half of the 142 free-living subjects had selenium intakes greater than 2.54 mumol/d (200 micrograms/d) (range 0.86-9.20 mumol/d, or 68-724 micrograms/d). Physical findings characteristic of selenium toxicity were not present nor were clinically significant changes in laboratory tests or frequency of symptoms related to selenium in the blood, toenails, or diet. We found no evidence of toxicity from selenium in subjects whose intake was as high as 9.20 mumol/d (724 micrograms/d).
The plasma levels of four osmoregulatory hormones and their target ion-transport systems in the lower intestines of the domestic fowl were determined in order to elucidate their interrelationship and their setpoints in relation to NaCl intake. White Plymouth Rock hens were adapted to six intake levels of NaCl (0.20 +/- 0.02-24.7 +/- 1.9 mmoles Na+.kg bw-1.day-1) for 6 weeks. The Na+ absorption and the Cl- secretion of colon and coprodeum were characterized in vitro by the effects of hexoses, amino acids, amiloride, and theophylline on the short-circuit current (SCC) and electrical potential difference (PD). The NaCl-conserving system of the adult chicken is set at low intake levels of NaCl as the 80% range (quantized by non-linear, logistic regression analyses) of the change in the plasma [ALDO], the amiloride-inhibitable Na+ absorption of coprodeum and colon (delta SCC), occurred from 0.18 to 2.3, from 0.9 to 4.3, and from 1.2 to 7.3 mmoles Na+.kg bw-1.day-1, respectively. These results demonstrate that the amiloride-inhibitable Na+ absorption of coprodeum is more closely linked to plasma [ALDO] than that of colon. The aminoacid-Na+ coabsorption of colon increased over exactly the same range of Na+ intake as the colonic amiloride-inhibitable Na+ absorption decreased, whereas the hexose-Na+ coabsorption increased at higher levels of Na+ coabsorption increased at higher levels of Na+ intake, from 2 to 11 mmoles Na+.kg bw-1.day-1. Both these Na+ absorption types had reached their maximums at 24.7 mmoles Na+.kg bw-1.day-1, whereas the plasma [AVT] and plasma [PRL], although significantly increased, apparently had not; their 80% range of change occurred from 9.9 to 99 mmoles Na+.kg bw-1.day-1, and the main changes in plasma osmolality were predicted to occur from 5.4 to 107 mmoles Na+.kg bw-1.day-1. These results suggest that these colonic and hormonal variables conserve osmotically-free water and operate at high NaCl intake. The theophylline-induced colonic Cl- secretion did not change with NaCl intake, whereas the stimulation of SCC in coprodeum decreased with increasing NaCl intake: the main change occurred between 0 and 3.2 mmoles Na+.kg bw-1.day-1. Thus, all ion-transport capacity (although the nature of the Na+ transport changes). It is suggested that hormones defending the extracellular volume and composition are regulated close to zero input and output of both NaCl and water, regardless of whether they are NaCl conserving or free-water conserving.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
BACKGROUND: Studies of the relationship between dietary fat intake and serum lipids in young children have yielded inconclusive results. We studied this relationship in 108 Hispanic children ages 4-5 years. METHODS: Four 24-hr recalls approximately 3 months apart and two Willett semiquantitative food frequency questionnaires approximately 6 months apart were obtained by interviewing the children's mothers. Diet measures were averaged for the multiple administrations of each of these instruments. RESULTS: Based on the 24-hr recalls, children in the highest tertile of total fat consumption (36.2% of total calories) compared with the lowest tertile (30.2% of total calories) had mean total serum cholesterol of 4.32 mmol/liter (167 mg/dl) vs 3.91 mmol/liter (151 mg/d) (test for linear trend across tertiles, P less than 0.05) and mean low-density lipoprotein cholesterol of 2.74 mmol/liter (106 mg/dl) vs 2.29 mmol/liter (89 mg/dl) (test for linear trend, P less than 0.01). Children in the highest tertile of saturated fat consumption (14.6% of total calories) compared with the lowest tertile (11.2% of total calories) had mean total serum cholesterol of 4.39 mmol/liter (170 mg/dl) vs 3.97 mmol/liter (154 mg/dl) (test for linear trend, P less than 0.05) and mean low-density lipoprotein cholesterol of 2.80 mmol/liter (108 mg/dl) vs 2.35 mmol/liter (91 mg/dl) (test for linear trend, P less than 0.01). These relationships remained significant when calorie-adjusted nutrient intakes were examined and after adjustment in multiple linear regression models for age, sex, and body mass index, with the exception of the association of calorie-adjusted total fat with total serum cholesterol level (P = 0.07). Similar results were obtained using the Willett questionnaires. CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that dietary fat, particularly saturated fat consumption, is an important correlate of blood lipid levels in preschool children. These are also the first reported data indicating that the Willett questionnaire, as a method for measuring the atherogenic components of diet, has criterion-related validity in young children. 
In food-deprived male rats IP injection of cholecystokinin octapeptide (CCK-8, 5 micrograms), ingestion of food or ejaculation caused a comparable increase in plasma concentrations of CCK-8 and inhibited food intake. IV injection of 0.1 microgram CCK-8 interrupted ongoing feeding and greatly increased plasma CCK-8 levels. Osmotic minipumps delivering 0.5 micrograms CCK-8/h implanted IP reduced meal size and caused a modest increase in plasma CCK-8 levels. Injection of 5 micrograms CCK-8 IP produced an abrupt but transient increase in plasma CCK-8 concentrations whereas plasma concentrations of CCK-8 increased gradually with feeding. Injection of 5 micrograms CCK-8 IP, but not feeding, caused a marked increase in plasma oxytocin levels. The suppression of feeding, but not the increase in oxytocin, induced by IP CCK-8 was reversed by ICV injection of the CCK antagonist proglumide in a dose (100 micrograms) which failed to affect food intake if injected IP. Deprivation of food decreased and feeding increased the concentration of CCK-like immunoreactivity in the CSF. It is suggested that CCK-8 inhibits feeding in physiological doses by a specific mechanism in which peripheral as well as central neural CCK is involved.
The biochemical and growth responses to dietary branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) intake were studied in two children; one with a disorder of branched-chain amino acid metabolism, maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) (McKusick 24860), and another with methylmalonic aciduria (MMA) (McKusick 25100). Biochemical control of MSUD focussed on plasma leucine levels while measurement of plasma ammonia levels was used in MMA. From 0 to 2.75 years both patients exhibited five episodes of toxicity. In each case toxicity was associated with dietary indiscretion or infection. The quantity of protein tolerated was always less in the MMA patient and was approximately 1 g/kg/day. From 1 to 2.75 years each patient's growth velocity approximated their predicted growth channel except during periods of toxicity. In both cases leucine intake, which gave normal growth without toxicity, was always judged to be less than the FAO/WHO recommendations. The BCAA intake of the MMA patient was remarkably stable from 0.5 to 2.75 years and at 2 years of age isoleucine and valine intake approximated the FAO/WHO recommendations. From 2 to 2.75 years BCAA intake (mg/kg/day) of the MSUD patient was less than that of the MMA patient and well below FAO/WHO recommendations. Neuromotor development in both patients is normal.
The relationship between habitual coffee consumption and blood pressure was investigated in 9601 subjects (7506 men and 2095 women) who were office managers and employees, aged 18-65 years. Those who drank coffee had lower blood pressure levels than those who did not and the mean blood pressure levels decreased with increasing coffee consumption. In the men, blood pressure (systolic/diastolic) was highest in the non-coffee drinkers (130.0/83.0 mmHg) and lowest in those drinking greater than 5 cups/day (126.0/81.3 mmHg). Mean differences (+/- s.e.m.) corrected by analysis of covariance for age and body mass index (kg/m2) were: systolic -4.0 +/- 0.7 mmHg, P less than 0.0001; diastolic -1.7 +/- 0.5 mmHg, P less than 0.001. In the women, blood pressure ranged from 121.1/77.4 mmHg in the non-coffee drinkers to 117.7/76.2 mmHg in those drinking greater than 5 cups/day (mean +/- s.e.m. systolic difference -3.4 +/- 1.4 mmHg, P less than 0.05; diastolic -1.2 +/- 0.9 mmHg, P greater than 0.05). These observations were confirmed after correction for physical activity, and cigarette and alcohol consumption (for age and body mass index). In the men, blood pressure ranged from 130.8/83.1 mmHg in non-coffee drinkers to 127.5/81.9 mmHg in those drinking greater than 5 cups/day, with the effect of classification by coffee consumption being very important (analysis of covariance: systolic F = 12.17, 3 degrees of freedom at numerator, P less than 0.0001; diastolic F = 3.56, 3 degrees of freedom at numerator, P = 0.0135).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Urea concentrations in serum and urine were measured in 28 growing, very low birth weight, appropriate-for-gestational age infants fed varying human milk protein intakes (range 1.7 to 3.9 g/kg/day). We found a high correlation between serum urea values at the end of the study and mean protein intake (rs = 0.85, p less than 0.001) and between urinary urea concentrations in eight-hour urine collections and protein intake (rs = 0.81, p less than 0.001). All serum and urine urea values were below 1.6 and 18 mmol/l, respectively, at protein intakes less than 3 g/kg/day. Higher protein intakes caused higher serum and urinary urea concentrations. We also found a strong correlation between the individual serum and urinary urea values at the end of the study (rs = 0.90, p less than 0.001). The presented data are consistent with the growth data previously reported and indicate that inadequate or excessive protein intakes can be detected by measurement of urea concentrations in serum and/or urine. If urine urea samples alone can be used for estimating optimal protein intake, painful blood sampling procedures could be obviated.
We compared the cross-sectional association of alcohol consumption with blood pressure in 810 Japanese men (JM) living in Tokyo and 946 white men (WM) living in New York. Mean systolic (JM and WM, p less than 0.001) and diastolic blood pressure (JM, p less than 0.002; WM, p less than 0.001) were associated with alcohol consumption in both groups. Compared to abstainers, the heaviest drinkers had the highest systolic (JM, p = 0.001; WM, p less than 0.01) and diastolic (JM, p less than 0.002; WM, p less than 0.05) blood pressures. The relation of blood pressure to alcohol intake was J-shaped in the Americans, but linear in the Japanese. Exploratory analyses revealed that the J-shape may have been due to under-reporting of heavy alcohol ingestion by American abstainers. When abstainers were excluded, the relationships were similar in both the American and Japanese. The positive association between blood pressure and alcohol consumption persisted after adjustment for age, cigarette smoking, use of antihypertensive medications, body mass index, heart rate, abdominal skinfold thickness, hematocrit, fasting blood glucose, serum uric acid levels and urinary sodium/potassium ratio. Alcohol use was also related to prevalence of hypertension. These findings confirm the presence of an independent association between alcohol intake and blood pressure in both JM and WM and suggest that, despite differences in the metabolism of alcohol, the relation of alcohol consumption to blood pressure is similar in both nationalities.
Effects of two winter nutritional levels (LOW, MOD) and two summer pastures (bahiagrass, BG; perennial peanut, PP) on plasma IGF-I, and the relationship between IGF-I and average daily gain (ADG), thyroid hormones, plasma urea, packed cell volume (PCV) and steer type were determined in 101 steers (217 kg) varying in breed composition, frame size and initial condition. Relationships between body composition or composition of gain and IGF-I were determined in 11 contemporary steers assigned directly to the feedlot. Initial IGF-I (57.9 +/- 3.5 ng/ml) was positively correlated (P less than .05) to initial condition, estimated percentage of Brahman and plasma T3, but not related to subsequent ADG. During the 126-day wintering period, ADG was .21 kg for the LOW winter treatment and .47 kg for the MOD winter treatment. Concentration of IGF-I in the wintering period was affected (P less than .01) by nutritional level (LOW = 71.8 ng/ml, MOD = 150.6 ng/ml) and was positively related to winter ADG in MOD steers (P less than .01) but not in LOW steers. Concentration of IGF-I in winter was also positively related to condition at the end of the winter period (P less than .01), T3 (P less than .05) and T4 (P less than .05). There were no effects of winter treatment on IGF-I during the subsequent summer pasture period. During the 145-d summer period, ADG was .53 kg for BG and .68 kg for PP. Concentration of IGF-I during the summer period was affected (P less than .05) by pasture treatment (BG = 138.6 ng/ml, PP = 181.9 ng/ml), was positively related (P less than .01) to PCV and percentage of Brahman, and was negatively related (P less than .05) to estimated percentage of English breeding. In steers assigned directly to the feedlot, IGF-I was correlated with empty body (EB) weight (r = -.59, P less than .10), EB water (r = -.59, P less than .10) and EB protein (r = -.60, P less than .10) at slaughter, and with days on feed (r = -.65, P less than .05), but was not correlated with ADG or rate of component gain. These data indicate that IGF-I is related to nutritional status in steers as in other species, that there may be significant breed or cattle type differences in circulating concentrations of IGF-I, and that circulating concentration of IGF-I may be functionally related to plasma concentration of thyroid hormones.
Blood samples were obtained from miniature swine maintained on 0, 2, or 6 g/kg/24 hr ethanol for 8 months (N = 6 in each group). Samples from drinking pigs were taken after 8 hr of ethanol abstinence and all were coded and sent for "blinded" analysis. A fluorigenic high performance liquid chromatographic assay was used to quantify whole blood-associated acetaldehyde, hemoglobin-associated acetaldehyde, plasma-associated acetaldehyde, platelet-associated acetaldehyde, and lymphocyte-associated acetaldehyde. Detectable levels of acetaldehyde were found in each sample in both drinking and nondrinking pigs. Analysis of whole blood-associated acetaldehyde was most discriminatory in distinguishing nondrinking from drinking pigs (mean 21.4 +/- 1.0 microM for nondrinkers vs. 24.6 +/- 1.5 SD for the group consuming 2 g/kg ethanol, p = 0.001). Measurements of hemoglobin-associated acetaldehyde normalized to protein concentration (250 +/- 47 nmoles/g vs. 203 +/- 33 SD, p less than 0.05 drinking vs. nondrinking pigs) and platelet-associated acetaldehyde (0.46 0.34 vs. 0.15 +/- 0.16 nmoles/3 x 10(8) platelets, p = 0.05 drinking vs. nondrinking pigs) were also useful in discriminating drinking from nondrinking animals. Analysis of plasma-associated acetaldehyde and lymphocyte-associated acetaldehyde were not useful as markers of ethanol consumption.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Increases in dietary protein have been reported to increase the rate of citrulline synthesis and the level of N-acetylglutamate in liver. We have confirmed this effect of diet on citrulline synthesis in rat liver mitochondria and show parallel increases in N-acetylglutamate concentration. The magnitude of the effect of arginine in the suspending medium on citrulline synthesis was also dependent on dietary protein content. Mitochondria from rats fed on a protein-free diet initially contained low levels of N-acetylglutamate, and addition of arginine increased the rate of its synthesis. Citrulline synthesis and acetylglutamate content in these mitochondria increased more than 5-fold when 1 mM-arginine was added. A diet high in protein results in mitochondria with increased N-acetylglutamate and a high rate of citrulline synthesis; 1 mM-arginine increased citrulline synthesis in such mitochondria by only 36%. The concentration of arginine in portal blood was 47 microM in rats fed on a diet lacking protein, and 182 microM in rats fed on a diet containing 60% protein, suggesting that arginine may be a regulatory signal to the liver concerning the dietary protein intake. The rates of citrulline synthesis were proportional to the mitochondrial content of acetylglutamate in mitochondria obtained from rats fed on diets containing 0, 24, or 60% protein, whether incubated in the absence or presence of arginine. Although the effector concentrations are higher than the Ka for the enzymes, these results support the view that concentrations of both arginine and acetylglutamate are important in the regulation of synthesis of citrulline and urea. Additionally, the effects of dietary protein level (and of arginine) are exerted in large part by way of modulation of the concentration of acetylglutamate.
During an epidemiological survey, the dietary intake and urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium were measured by means of the 24 h food record method and a 24 h urine collection in 2,112 men and 1,943 women. Significant correlations (P less than 0.001) were found between dietary intake and urinary excretion of the above cations in men and women by univariate analysis and after adjustment for age, height, weight and total caloric intake. Taking into account the difficulty of estimating dietary cation intakes and obtaining complete 24 h urine collections, and the non-coincidence of the 24 h urine collection and the food recording periods, our findings point to a strong positive association between dietary intake and urinary excretion of sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium. No significant relationship was found between these urinary cations and blood pressure.
The design of diets to achieve optimal changes in plasma lipid levels is controversial. In a randomized, double-blind trial involving 36 healthy young men, we evaluated the effects on plasma lipid levels of both an American Heart Association Step 1 diet (in which 30 percent of the total calories were consumed as fat: 10 percent saturated, 10 percent monounsaturated, and 10 percent polyunsaturated fats, with 250 mg of cholesterol per day) and a monounsaturated fat-enriched Step 1 diet (with 38 percent of the calories consumed as fat: 10 percent saturated, 18 percent monounsaturated, and 10 percent polyunsaturated fats, with 250 mg of cholesterol per day). The effects of these diets were then compared with those of an average American diet, in which 38 percent of the total calories were consumed as fat: 18 percent saturated, 10 percent monounsaturated, and 10 percent polyunsaturated fats, with 500 mg of cholesterol per day. The men consumed the average American diet for 10 weeks before random assignment to one of the two Step 1 diets or to continuation of the average diet for an additional 10 weeks. Caloric intake was adjusted to maintain a constant body weight. As compared with the mean (+/- SD) change in the plasma total cholesterol level in the group that followed the average American diet throughout the study (-0.05 +/- 0.36 mmol per liter), there were statistically significant reductions (P less than 0.025) in the plasma total cholesterol level in the group on the Step 1 diet (-0.37 +/- 0.27 mmol per liter) and in the group on the monounsaturated fat-enriched Step 1 diet (-0.46 +/- 0.36 mmol per liter). There were parallel reductions in the plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in these two groups. Neither the plasma triglyceride levels nor the high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations changed significantly with any diet. We conclude that enrichment of the Step 1 diet with monounsaturated fat does not alter the beneficial effects of the Step 1 diet on plasma lipid concentrations.
Abnormalities of vasoactive eicosanoid synthesis with age are reported. We observed an age-associated reduction of vascular prostacyclin production and thrombin-stimulated thromboxane A2 production in blood. Amounts of production of these eicosanoids were inversely related to plasma cholesterol levels. However, there were no such relationships in rats supplemented with cholesterol. Dietary cholesterol supplementation induced a reduction of thromboxane A2/prostacyclin ratio regardless of age. These results suggest that age-associated changes of blood cholesterol levels are closely linked with vasoactive eicosanoid synthesis and that excessive consumption of cholesterol may induce a compensatory reaction by reducing the thromboxane A2/prostacyclin ratio.
The influence of diet and sampling site on subcutaneous adipose-tissue fatty acid composition and vitamin E content was examined in 20 healthy subjects. A dietary history and adipose-tissue biopsies from the buttock were obtained from 14 individuals. In another six individuals, samples were taken from both waist and buttock. The relative dietary intake of both polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids correlated with the relative content in adipose tissue (r = 0.6, p = 0.02). Adipose-tissue vitamin E was strongly associated with dietary intake (r = 0.76, p = 0.004). The content of n - 3 (omega-3) fatty acids in adipose tissue was shown to influence adipose-tissue vitamin E negatively. Waist and buttock fat differed (p less than 0.05) with regard to fatty acid composition whereas no systematic variation was seen in the vitamin E content. The use of adipose-tissue biopsies in epidemiologic studies as measures of the habitual relative intake of fatty acids and vitamin E is suggested.
It is often suggested that the weak epidemiological relationship between dietary sodium and blood pressure may reflect a stronger relationship within a susceptible subgroup. The evidence in favour of this explanation is reviewed, and found to be insubstantial. A more consistent explanation of the available data is that there is a weak general effect of dietary sodium on blood pressure acting on the general population. This conclusion has important practical implications for food and health policies.
The serum lipid levels (mean +/- SD) of 3312 healthy urban and rural inhabitants over 40 years of age in Shanghai were studied. The results were: cholesterol 166.7 +/- 30.9 mg/ml, triglyceride 81.1 +/- 42.3 mg/dl, HDL-cholesterol (HDLc) 57.4 +/- 11.6 mg/dl, HDL2c 20.6 +/- 9.8 mg/dl and HDL3c 37.1 +/- 7.8 mg/dl. Dietary surveys were carried out in 512 of these subjects and their average daily nutrient intake was estimated to be: total calories 2,577 Kcal, proteins 656 g (50.7 g of vegetable proteins), fat 69.1 g (P/S ratio 0.70), carbohydrates 423 g, cholesterol 282 mg, dietary fibres 23.5 g, sodium 4993 mg, potassium 2,618 mg and magnesium 575 mg. The serum lipid levels of urban and rural inhabitants were compared. Total cholesterol levels were significantly higher in urban inhabitants of all age groups and of both sexes, while triglyceride levels were significantly higher in urban inhabitants of certain age groups. However, HDLc levels, particularly HDL2c levels were significantly higher in rural inhabitants of most age groups and of both sexes. The above differences were probably the result of differences in dietary patterns and nutrient intake between urban and rural inhabitants.
An epidemiological comparative study on dietary patterns and population means of blood pressure was undertaken in 10 groups (3 of workers, 6 of farmers, 1 of fishermen) of adult males and females of northeast, north, south, middle and east China. Standardized methods and record forms were used for blood pressure measurements and 24-hr dietary recall interviews. Simple correlation and linear regression, multiple regression (adjusted for age, sex and body mass index) and ridge regression were used to analyze the relationship of dietary electrolytes and animal protein to blood pressure. The results show a significant negative association of mean daily intake of Ca and animal protein with population mean blood pressure. Excluding the fishermen's group, mean daily intake of Na showed significant positive association with both systolic and diastolic blood pressure. The Chinese diet should probably be improved, increasing Ca and animal protein and cutting salt to a much lower level.
N'-methyl-4-pyridone-3-carboxamide (4-py) is the major metabolite of nicotinamide and nicotinic acid in rats. However, because it is complicated to determine 4-py in humans, there is only one report on its excretion. Recently we developed a method for the microdetermination of 4-py by high-performance liquid chromatography. Urinary excretion of 4-py in Japanese students from Teikoku Women's University who consumed self-selected foods was 7.12 +/- 3.25 mumol/d, which is about one-fourth of N'-methylnicotinamide (MNA) and about one-ninth of N'-methyl-2-pyridone-5-carboxamide (2-py) excretion. The correlation coefficient between daily niacin equivalent (NE) intake and daily 4-py excretion was 0.529, which was about the same as the correlation coefficient between daily NE intake and daily 2-py excretion and which was two times higher than the correlation coefficient between daily NE intake and daily MNA excretion.
Selenosis occurs in areas of Enshi county because of the high Se content of the food. Morphological changes in finger-nails were used as the main criterion for clinical diagnosis of selenosis. Pathological nails were observed to occur almost only in adults, not at all in young children and very seldom in teenagers. Symptoms of selenosis in susceptible patients were found at or above an Se-intake of 910 micrograms/d, corresponding to a blood Se level of 1.05 mg/L. There was no evidence for an increased susceptibility to dental caries due to high Se consumption, and an increase in Se-intake seems unlikely to reduce the beneficial effects of fluoride on caries. No abnormalities of liver or heart were seen by supersonic B or electrocardiographic examinations. The biochemical investigations showed that with increasing whole blood Se the ratio of plasma Se to erythrocyte Se tended to decrease. As Se-intake increases to over 750 micrograms daily, the ratio decreases to near a minimal level. Reduced glutathione in whole blood decreases within a blood Se range of 1.01 to 2.28 micrograms in the high Se area. The amount of trimethylselenonium ion excreted in urine increased with the increase of urinary Se. Cases with prolonged prothrombin time occurred as blood Se increased to a level above 1 mg/L. The white blood cell count also increased significantly. Quantitative values were obtained only for ratio of plasma-Se to erythrocyte-Se for prothrombin time and for maintenance of nail Symptoms of susceptible patients. The overall results indicated that a daily Se-intake of 750-850 micrograms [corrected] might be the marginal level of safe intake. When other variable factors are also taken into consideration a daily Se-intake of 400 micrograms [corrected] is suggested as the maximum daily safe intake. At this level of Se-intake the corresponding approximate tissue Se levels are: whole blood 0.559 mg/L, plasma 0.327 mg/L, urine excretion 173 micrograms/d, hair 3.60 mg/kg, toe-nails 4.25 mg/kg, and finger-nails 4.70 mg/kg.
The effect of daily dietary supplementation with fish oil on serum lipids and platelet total phospholipid fatty acids was examined in male normolipidemic insulin-dependent diabetics and normal controls. They were given 15 g/d of fish oil as Max EPA (equivalent to 2.7 g/d of eicosapentaenoic acid) for 3 weeks. The diabetics showed a rise in total cholesterol, attributable to increases in LDL- and HDL-cholesterol. The increase in HDL-cholesterol was largely due to a rise in its HDL2 subclass. There was also a decrease in triglycerides in both groups. Similar changes in lipids were seen in the normal controls, although these were not significant. The more pronounced effect in diabetics suggests an altered metabolic response to omega-3 fatty acids in that disorder. However, the results indicate that the possible detrimental effect of the rise in total and LDL-cholesterol following fish oil may be offset by the increase in the protective HDL2 subclass.
The effect of age on eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 n-3; EPA) incorporation into plasma lipids was investigated in young volunteers (8 males, 19 +/- 1 yr) and middle-aged volunteers (6 males, 53 +/- 7 yr). They were asked to take 5.4 g fish oil per day for one week. The increment in EPA in the cholesteryl ester fraction after the supplementation was significantly greater in the middle-aged group (delta = 1.69%) than in the young group (delta = 0.44%) (p less than 0.05). The food intake analyzed for 3 consecutive days just before the supplementation revealed that the young group took more linoleate (17 vs. 10 g) than the middle-aged group. There was a significant inverse correlation between the increment in EPA in the cholesteryl ester fraction after the supplementation and daily linoleate intake among all the volunteers combined (r = -0.63, p less than 0.02). The higher increment in EPA in cholesteryl ester in the middle-aged group might be due to less intake of linoleate and not due to the difference in age itself.
The potential clinical interest of a new isoform of alanine aminopeptidase (AAP) was examined using polyacrylamide gradient gel electrophoresis. This form, called F-AAP, is more proteolyzed than normal serum AAP. It appears to be associated with many liver diseases and is related to cytolysis, but also to elevated GGT levels. The F-AAP form was present in 52% of subjects treated with anticonvulsant drugs and in 64% of subjects consuming more than 44 g of alcohol per day. Analysis of F-AAP may be of interest in detecting effects of drugs and alcohol on the liver.
Using an immunochemical method, we measured the activity of the mitochondrial isoenzyme (mAST) of aspartate amino-transferase (EC 2.6.1.1, AST) in the serum of 687 subjects attending the Centre for Preventive Medicine for a health examination. The distributions of the activities were asymmetrical, with mean values of 1.8 U/L (SD 2.0) for men and 1.4 U/L (SD 1.6) for women. The average ratio of mitochondrial to total AST activity was 0.051 (range 0-0.42). In this unselected population we found no change in the mitochondrial activity or in the mitochondrial-to-total ratio attributable to alcohol consumption, even in subjects who consumed more than 88 g per day. Of 35 men with an alcohol consumption greater than 88 g/d, 19 had a serum gamma-glutamyltransferase activity of greater than or equal to 60 U/L, 17 had glutamate dehydrogenase values greater than or equal to 5 U/L, and only nine had an mAST activity greater than or equal to 3 U/L (values corresponding to the 80th percentiles of the total population). We conclude that the test is not particularly useful as a screening procedure in an unselected population under present-day conditions of measurement.
The associations among alcohol consumption, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (gamma-GTP) activity in serum and blood pressure (BP) were analysed in a cross-sectional study of 1,156 healthy male workers 35 to 59 years of age, consisting of 349 non-drinkers, 682 light-daily drinkers (consuming less than 58 ml of alcohol per day) and 125 heavy-daily drinkers consuming more. No marked elevation of BP with high alcohol consumption was seen in the present subjects. On the other hand, a linear elevation of BP together with an increase in serum gamma-GTP activity was found in subjects above 40 years of age. The BP levels corresponding to the three different drinking habits, non-drinkers, light drinkers and heavy drinkers, were similar to each other regarding gamma-GTP levels. The relationship between gamma-GTP and BP was shown, by multiple regression analysis, to be independent of age, obesity and the dose of alcohol consumed. The contribution to the rise in BP of the dose of alcohol consumed, in comparison with that of gamma-GTP, was negligible. Serum gamma-GTP activity is a useful indicator of the susceptibility to the pressor effect of alcohol.
Nine patients with essential hypertension treated with bendroflumethiazide were given captopril 25 mg orally on three occasions to study the pharmacokinetics and blood pressure effects. Study 1: acute and fasting; study 2 and 3: with and without concomitant food intake (randomized order) after chronic treatment with captopril 25 mg three times a day for 4-5 weeks. Total and non-protein-bound captopril were measured by high performance liquid chromatography. Baseline mean arterial pressure (MAP) was lower during chronic treatment. MAP reduction was slightly more pronounced initially with concomitant food intake but thereafter the reductions were similar for up to 12 h in the three studies. Mean values for maximal MAP reductions and peak plasma concentrations of captopril occurred at the same time, but individual values were not correlated with each other. Peak plasma concentrations and area under the curve (AUC) of total and non-protein-bound captopril were slightly reduced with concomitant food intake. Chronic treatment did not consistently change the kinetics except for a slight prolongation of terminal half-life of non-protein-bound captopril. The AUC was higher during the chronic studies, probably owing to the baseline presence of captopril in plasma. It appears that captopril can be given twice daily and together with food without loss of blood pressure control in essential hypertension.
This experiment was conducted to determine the relationships between modest changes in dietary linoleate, blood pressure (BP) response, and levels of eicosanoid synthesis in humans. Products of eicosanoids which appear in blood were measured in urine: PGI2, 6-keto-PGF1 alpha (KPGI2); TXA2, (TXB2); PGF2 alpha, 13,14-dihydro-15-keto-PGF2 alpha, (MPGF2 alpha). Twenty-three adult men were fed controlled diets having 25 energy percent fat, and having P/S ratios of either 0.3 (low-PUFA) or 1.0 (high-PUFA), for a total of 12 weeks, with a switchover between P/S ratios at 6 weeks. The results showed that, under the conditions of this study, BP was significantly reduced by reducing dietary fat intake from about 37 to 25 energy percent. However, no further effects on BP were produced by increasing the P/S ratio from 0.3 to 1.0. KPGI2 excretion was significantly lowered on both controlled diets as compared to the self-selected (SS) diet. However, MPGF2 alpha was lowered only on the low-PUFA diet as compared to the self-selected diet. No significant decrease in TXB2 excretion was observed. Both MPGF2 alpha and KPGI2 excretion were positively correlated with urine volume and sodium excretion. On the SS diet, but not on the controlled diets, MPGF2 alpha excretion was negatively correlated with plasma linoleate and positively correlated with stearate. On the low-PUFA diet, MPGF2 alpha excretion increased with the intake of linoleate, while, on the high-PUFA diet, it decreased. This may have been due to the limited amounts of linoleate available in the low-PUFA diet (3.2-3.4 energy percent) as compared to that in the high-PUFA diet. Both KPGI2 and MPGF2 alpha excretion were positively correlated with systolic and diastolic BP. These results suggest that the amount of dietary linoleate is an important factor in the regulation of prostaglandin synthesis in humans.
Ten patients with chronic plaque-type psoriasis were treated topically with the group IV corticosteroid clobetasol propionate cream (Dermovate) with and without occlusion with a semipermeable hydrocolloid dressing (Comfeel Coloplast, Denmark). The effect of treatment was compared with untreated skin and evaluated in terms of (a) O2-consumption as measured by the TCM-2-oxygen monitor from Radiometer, Denmark, (b) blood flow as measured by a laser-Doppler flowmeter (Perimed, Sweden), (c) temperature measurements using thermo-couples and (d) a clinical score. While steroid + occlusion had a very pronounced effect measured by all parameters and apparent after 24 h, the steroid alone was only marginally effective after 7 days. No placebo effect was detectable in untreated skin with the laboratory methods used. It is suggested that the methods described can be used to evaluate other treatment schedules. Recently it has been shown that measurement of oxygen consumption by transcutaneous O2 electrodes might reflect disease activity in psoriatic plaques. Transcutaneous O2 decreases when a tourniquet is applied around the extremity investigated and the decrease per minute has been used as a measure of the metabolism of normal and psoriatic skin. In a later study it was shown that stripping of the skin prior to measuring was essential as a diffusion barrier was present in the horny layer. It has been previously shown that occlusion of an area to which corticosteroid has been applied increases absorption as estimated by the intensity of blanching. In the present study the effect of occlusion and non-occlusion of corticosteroid treated sites in psoriasis has been compared using clinical and laboratory parameters.
The effects of energy utilization during lactation on adipose tissue metabolism were determined in 51 first lactation Holstein heifers producing between 5950 and 10,246 kg milk in 305 d. Net energy intake ranged from 18.3 to 40.6 Mcal/d during 28 to 140 d of lactation. Milk yield ranged from 13.5 to 47.4 kg/d and fat percent from 1.49 to 4.60 during 28 to 140 d, providing a range of 8.2 to 32.6 Mcal/d milk energy secretion. Calculated energy balance ranged from -16.4 to 11.5 Mcal/d. Weight change ranged from -70 to 143 kg during that 112-d period. Subcutaneous adipose tissue was biopsied nine times from 30 d prepartum to 15 d after lactation ceased. Adipose lipid synthesis measured prepartum was negatively related to subsequent milk energy secretion. Net energy intake, body weight, and body weight change were related positively to adipose lipid synthesis rates from 28 to 56 d, but those rates were related negatively to milk energy secretion. Lipolysis was positively related to milk energy secretion and body weight and negatively related to NE intake. At d 60 of lactation, adipose tissue lipid synthesis rates were a function of body weight, weight gain, and net energy intake. However, catecholamine-stimulated lipolysis rates were a function of body weight and milk energy secretion. After 140 d, lipid synthesis and lipolysis were elevated and more closely related to the previous peak rather than to concomitant milk energy secretion. These relationships demonstrate the effects of dietary energy content and genetic selection for milk production on adipose tissue metabolism.
Pituitary lactotroph function has been examined in diet-restricted (6 hr/day) male and female rats and compared with that in animals fed ad lib. After 12 months the age-related increase in serum prolactin concentration was significantly attenuated in diet-restricted female rats. Similar effects were not observed in male rats. Isolated superfused anterior pituitary glands removed from rats on both feeding regimens at 12 or 18 months and challenged with dopamine in vitro (5 microM) did not show differential prolactin secretion. No significant differences were observed in serum prolactin secretion in vivo after administration of bromocriptine (3 mg/kg body weight, sc) or haloperidol (1.75 mg/kg body weight, ip). These results do not support an altered dopamine receptor function in the anterior pituitary lactotrophs. In contrast, central dopamine receptor function in rats 12 months of age was altered by dietary restriction, since the frequency of cataleptic responses to haloperidol injection (2 mg/kg body weight, ip) was significantly depressed in the test animals.
The relationship between urinary metabolites and DNA damage in the urinary bladder epithelium of male and female rats was tested by alkaline elution assay after an intravesical injection of OPP or its urinary metabolites. 2-Phenyl-1,4-benzoquinone (PBQ) revealed a weak DNA-damaging activity in both sexes at 0.05-0.1%. OPP and phenylhydroquinone (PHQ) had no effects at the same level. Histopathologically, a single intravesical injection of 0.1% PBQ induced epithelial hyperplasia of the bladder epithelium on day 5, but PHQ and OPP did not induce it. Feeding studies with OPP-Na were also performed to examine the correlation between urinary PBQ levels and DNA damage in bladder epithelium. Slight DNA damage was observed in males given 1.0 and 2.0% OPP-Na in the diet for 3-5 months. The damage was dependent upon the dietary levels of OPP-Na. The amounts of OPP, PHQ and PBQ in urine were well correlated with the dietary levels of OPP-Na for male rats. The amounts of OPP, PHQ and PBQ were greater in male rats than in females given 2.0% OPP-Na diet for 5 months. The urinary pH of males was slightly higher than that of females. Since 0.4% sodium bicarbonate did not cause DNA damage in the in-situ study, the urinary alkalinity may not affect the initiation steps of urinary carcinogenesis by OPP-Na. The present results indicate that the metabolite PBQ is the reactive species for the initiation steps of bladder tumors induced by OPP-Na and OPP.
A rat model of moderate uraemia is described in which uraemic animals attain normal food intake and weight gain. Despite the low levels of the induced uraemia, which has been well defined, changes in plasma amino acid concentrations associated with experimental uraemia still occur. It appears from this study that a reduction in food intake is not a major factor in the aetiology of the plasma amino acid changes seen in uraemia and that the model may prove useful in future studies of experimental chronic renal failure.
Cross sectional data from a survey of 2512 men aged 45-49 years were used to examine the confounding effects of heart rate, employment, and ischaemic heart disease (IHD) on the relation between cereal fibre intake and blood pressure. Daily cereal fibre intake (g/day) was associated with systolic pressure (r = -0.053, p less than 0.01), diastolic pressure (r = -0.057, p less than 0.01), and heart rate (r = -0.071, p less than 0.01). The associations were strengthened in employed men and inapparent in unemployed men. Unemployed men had more IHD than employed men. Persons with any manifestation of IHD had significantly higher blood pressure and heart rates but ate less cereal fibre (7.0 v 7.9 g/day, p less than 0.001) than those without IHD, regardless of employment status. In employed men, after adjustment for age, body mass index, prevalent IHD, and heart rate, systolic pressure changed -0.186 mmHg (95% CI = -0.362, -0.009) and diastolic pressure changed -0.111 mmHg (95% CI = 0.228, 0.005) for each gram of cereal fibre eaten daily. The association between cereal fibre and blood pressure was inapparent in unemployed men. Heart rate, employment, and prevalent IHD confound the association between cereal fibre intake and blood pressure. Future work concerning this relationship will have to account for the effects of these variables.
Data for 387 men who had completed seven-day weighed dietary records as part of the Caerphilly Heart Study were examined for relations of alcohol, diet, body mass index (BMI), and other variables to blood pressure. These included age, smoking, exercise, and social class. For men not on antihypertensive treatment (n = 356) regression analysis showed that age (p less than 0.001), BMI (p less than 0.05), and alcohol intake (p less than 0.01) were significantly related to systolic blood pressure, and BMI (p less than 0.001) and alcohol intake (p less than 0.01) to diastolic blood pressure. In addition, protein intake (p less than 0.05) was significantly and inversely related to the risk of being hypertensive, but other dietary variables were not related to blood pressure. For men on antihypertensive treatment (n = 31) significant inverse correlations were observed between diastolic blood pressure and the intakes of potassium (p less than 0.01), fibre (p less than 0.001), polyunsaturated fat (p less than 0.01), and a number of other dietary variables. Reasons for these differences are discussed.
1. As part of a study investigating the effect of dietary alterations of sodium and potassium intake on blood pressure, the changes in nutrients that occurred with dietary intervention were determined. 2. Mild hypertensive subjects were randomized to one of four dietary intervention groups: control; high potassium; low sodium; low sodium, high potassium. The changes in nutrients in each diet group were assessed by dietary history and five repeat 24 h dietary recalls. Assessment was validated by measurement of urinary nitrogen excretion and urinary electrolytes. 3. The three dietary intervention groups experienced a fall in blood pressure (systolic: 4.4 +/- 1.0 mmHg, P less than 0.005; diastolic: 3.3 +/- 0.7 mmHg, P less than 0.001), greater than that observed in the control group. 4. The only significant dietary change across all diet groups was a reduction in the dietary sodium/potassium ratio, which was significantly less than that of the control group. The only other nutrient to differ from the control in all groups was fat intake, which was reduced. 5. In the control group there was a small but significant decrease in energy, fibre, protein, carbohydrate, potassium and magnesium intake. In the high potassium group there was a significant increase in fibre, carbohydrate, potassium, magnesium, and a decrease in calcium intake. In the low sodium group there was a decrease in energy intake with a subsequent reduction in all nutrients except alcohol. In the low sodium, high potassium group there was a significant reduction in dietary sodium and protein and an increase in fibre, carbohydrate, potassium and magnesium. 6. The reduction of the dietary sodium/potassium ratio correlated with a reduction in the urinary sodium/potassium ratio. This was the best predictor for change in diastolic pressure in all groups, suggesting that reduction in the sodium/potassium ratio contributed to the fall in blood pressure. 7. Reduction of sodium intake and increase in potassium intake by dietary means caused a reduction in blood pressure which does not appear to be due to alteration of other measured dietary constituents.
The relation between consumption of alcohol (established by interview), two of its typical markers (gamma-glutamyltransferase activity and mean corpuscular volume), and the composition of fatty acids in plasma cholesterol esters was investigated in an epidemiological study of 1467 actively employed men aged 35-45. In this group of subjects mean consumption of alcohol was 34.6 (SD 25.2) g/day. Palmitoleic acid and oleic acid were positively correlated with consumption of alcohol, gamma-glutamyltransferase activity, and mean corpuscular volume, while linoleic acid was negatively correlated with these variables. When these three fatty acids, gamma-glutamyltransferase activity, mean corpuscular volume, and the fat content of the diet were introduced into a multivariate regression analysis, with consumption of alcohol as the dependent variable, only palmitoleic acid, gamma-glutamyltransferase activity, mean corpuscular volume, and the monounsaturated fat content of the diet remained significant. Palmitoleic acid seems to be an independent correlate of consumption of alcohol and could be useful in epidemiological and clinical studies as a variable of consumption.
Carboxyhaemoglobin (COHb%) and gamma-glutamyl-transferase (GGT) are today frequently used as objective indicators of tobacco and alcohol consumption. The relationships between COHb%, GGT and relative body weight, cholesterol, triglyceride and apolipoprotein AI (Apo-AI) were studied in middle-aged men attending a preventive medical programme in Malm, Sweden. Although statistically significant the influence of COHb% on cholesterol and triglyceride was found to be clinically insignificant. GGT and body weight had, independent of each other, a significant influence on cholesterol and triglyceride. GGT was found to have a positive correlation to Apo-AI whereas body weight was found to have a negative correlation to Apo-AI. Four per cent of the cholesterol variability, 16% of the triglyceride variability and about 10% of the variability in Apo-AI could, in this study, be accounted for by COHb%, GGT and relative body weight.
For 576 working men the relationship between reported recent alcohol consumption, serum ferritin, mean cell volume, and gamma glutamyl transferase was studied. Serum ferritin was significantly increased in heavy drinkers, but as a screening test it failed to yield a useful advantage over a combination of mean cell volume and gamma glutamyl transferase.
Various putative agonists of the 5-HT1A receptor subtype induce feeding in rats, probably by activating raph somatodendritic 5-HT autoreceptors. These drugs also produce a marked increase in plasma concentrations of corticotropin (ACTH). In the present experiment we attempted to localize the site of action of 5-HT1A agonists on the secretion of ACTH and examined the relationship between 5-HT1A agonist-induced feeding and ACTH secretion. Rats were injected with either the high affinity 5-HT1A agonist 8-hydroxy-2-(di-n-propylamino) tetralin (8-OH-DPAT) (0.016-1.0 mg/kg, s.c.) or the novel anxiolytics buspirone, gepirone or ipsapirone (2.0-16.0 mg/kg, s.c.), and either had their food intake measured 2 hr post injection or were sacrificed 30-40 min post injection for measurement of plasma ACTH. Plasma ACTH also was measured in rats pretreated with the serotonin synthesis inhibitor, para-chlorophenylalanine (PCPA) for three days (150 mg/kg, i.p. per day) and subsequently injected with 8-OH-DPAT (0.3 mg/kg, s.c.). As previously reported, the 5-HT1A agonists increased both food agonists increased both food intake and plasma ACTH concentrations. After 8-OH-DPAT, ipsapirone and gepirone the amount of food consumed was positively correlated with the concentration of plasma ACTH. No such correlation was evident following buspirone. PCPA pretreatment resulted in near total depletion of brain 5-HT content but had no effect on the ACTH rise induced by 8-OH-DPAT. Therefore, in contrast to the presynaptic site previously proposed for 5-HT1A agonist-induced feeding, the present results suggest a agonist-induced feeding, the present results suggest a postsynaptic location for the 5-HT1A receptor mediating ACTH release.
Vitamin D2 and D3 intake and plasma 25OHD2 and 25OHD3 were measured in 70 elderly women; 13 living at home and 57 long-stay patients with no access to sunlight. Vitamin D2 intake and plasma 25OHD2 were correlated in the whole group (p less than .005) and vitamin D3 intake and plasma 25OHD3 and total D intake and total 25OHD were significantly correlated (p less than .005) in the patients. In the whole group the plasma 25OHD2 increased by 4.5 nmol/l for every 1 microgram increase in vitamin D2 intake. This was also the increase observed in a longitudinal study of vitamin D2 supplements in 11 patients. Vitamin D intake is a significant determinant of plasma 25OHD and the relation between them suggests that stores of vitamin D can be maintained at 20 nmol/l in the elderly by a daily intake of 4 micrograms of vitamin D, even in the absence of sunlight.
Refeeding starved rats with an elemental diet resulted in a marked increase in crypt cell production rate (CCPR) in the proximal small intestine but not in the distal regions of the gut. Little effect on CCPR was noted when inert bulk (kaolin) was added to the elemental diet. Addition of a poorly fermentable dietary fibre (purified wood cellulose) had little effect on intestinal epithelial cell proliferation except in the distal colon where it significantly increased CCPR. A more readily fermentable fibre (purified wheat bran) caused a large proliferative response in the proximal, mid, and distal colon and in the distal small intestine. A gel forming fibre only significantly stimulated proliferation in the distal colon; the rats in this group, however, did not eat all the food given. There was no significant correlation between CCPR and plasma gastrin concentrations, but plasma enteroglucagon concentrations were significantly correlated with CCPR in almost all the sites studied. Plasma PYY concentrations also showed some correlation with CCPR, especially in the colon. Thus while inert bulk cannot stimulate colonic epithelial cell proliferation fermentable fibre is capable of stimulating proliferation in the colon, and especially in the distal colon: it can also stimulate proliferation in the distal small intestine and it is likely that plasma enteroglucagon may have a role to play in this process.
Evidence that nutrients other than the major cations may influence blood pressure levels stems from studies of acculturated vegetarians and from randomized controlled dietary trials. Earlier studies of vegetarians focused on religious groups and on vegans, making it difficult to know whether their lower blood pressures were due to diet per se or to other aspects of lifestyle. Seventh-day Adventist vegetarians showed significantly less hypertension and lower blood pressures compared with Mormon omnivores, effects which were independent of differences in obesity and not due to altered sodium intake. Subsequently, controlled dietary intervention studies in healthy normotensive omnivores provided more direct evidence for a blood pressure-lowering effect of a lactoovovegetarian diet with reversible changes of 5-6 mm Hg systolic and 2-3 mm Hg diastolic occurring over 6-wk periods. Similar dietary effects in mild hypertensive subjects provides impetus for identifying the responsible nutrients.
Serum myoinositol (henceforth called inositol) concentration was measured in 12 preterm infants (birth weight 800-1,700 g, gestational age 27-32 weeks) from birth to 10 postnatal weeks. The diet was analyzed for inositol concentration and the daily intake was correlated with serum inositol. There were striking differences in the inositol concentration of infant feedings: preterm colostrum 4.22 +/- 0.51 mM; term colostrum 2.91 +/- 0.21 mM; mature milk 1.81 +/- 0.20 mM; infant formulas 0.09-0.39 mM; parenteral nutrition 0.15 +/- 0.13 mM. The high fetal serum inositol often fell during the first 2 weeks. After 2 weeks, serum inositol correlated significantly with inositol intake (R = 0.601, p less than 0.004). On breast milk serum inositol concentrations (0.56 +/- 0.07 mM) were higher than on formula feedings (0.36 +/- 0.03 mM). Since according to animal studies inositol is important during prenatal growth and differentiation, the present data justify further study on importance of dietary inositol in preterm infants.
Activities of low-fat diets with olive oil or corn oil on lipids and platelets were studied in 23 middle-aged patients with high atherosclerosis risk for 8 wk. The olive oil diet had a polyunsaturated-saturated ratio of 0.33 vs 1.28 for the corn oil diet. Plasma total cholesterol was reduced with corn oil, but high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were lower with corn oil and unchanged or raised by olive. Plasma apolipoprotein B levels were equally reduced by both diets; apolipoprotein AI and the apo AI:B ratio rose only with olive oil. Plasma-glucose levels were lowered significantly with olive oil. Changes in platelet function were characterized by a reduced sensitivity to arachidonic acid (particularly with corn oil) and to collagen (particularly with olive). An olive oil diet with a moderate fat intake (about 30% of total calories) leads to favorable plasma lipoprotein and platelet changes.
A new simplified and rapid method for detection and quantitation of "carbohydrate-deficient transferrin" in serum is described. The method is based on isocratic anion exchange chromatography of isotransferrins in disposable microcolumns followed by a double antibody transferrin radioimmune assay. This technique, which separates all transferrin components isoelectric above pH 5.65, showed a very good reproducibility and accuracy with a coefficient of variation between 5 and 9%. 77 alcoholic patients could be clearly separated from 80 healthy "normal consumers" and 33 total abstainers with a specificity of 100% and a sensitivity of 91%. The values were significantly correlated to the amount of alcohol consumed during the latest month, and declined in abstaining alcoholics with a mean biological half-life of 17 days. Elevated levels occasionally appeared in healthy individuals after daily consumption of 60 g of ethanol during a 10-day period. In a sample of 187 patients with nonalcohol-related conditions only 2% false-positive values were found. This method is suggested as a potential tool for detecting and monitoring alcohol abuse.
We have established isolation methods and developed electroimmunoassays for rabbit apolipoprotein A-I (apo A-I), apo B, apo C-III and apo E. The assays were used to characterize a hyperlipidemic strain of the British Halflop rabbits (BHL rabbits), obtained after cross-breeding with WHHL rabbits and referred to as modified WHHL rabbits, and to investigate the changes in the apolipoprotein levels induced by feeding normal BHL rabbits an atherogenic diet (0.25% cholesterol and 3% coconut oil). The modified WHHL rabbits were characterized by increased levels of apo B, apo C-III and apo E as well as cholesterol, phospholipids and triacylglycerol as compared to chow-fed BHL rabbits, while the apo A-I levels were only half of those found in the chow-fed animals. The modified WHHL rabbits had virtually no low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor activity and a low fractional catabolic rate (FCR) of LDL. These results indicate that the modified WHHL rabbit has the homozygous form of the LDL receptor deficiency. The BHL rabbits fed the atherogenic diet showed increased levels of cholesterol, triacylglycerol, apo B, apo C-III and apo E, as compared to those of the chow-fed BHL rabbits. The apo E and apo C-III reached levels in the range of or even higher than those of the modified WHHL rabbits. The apo A-I levels on the other hand did not differ from those of the chow-fed rabbits. Feeding an atherogenic diet led to a decrease in the FCR of LDL to a level similar to that found in the modified WHHL rabbits.
Alcohol intake and serum copper, selenium, magnesium, iron and zinc were investigated in 85 subjects, 48 males and 37 females. Alcohol intake was measured with a questionnaire probing alcohol intake during the preceding 30 days. Mean average daily intake among males was 119.7 g (range 0-622.3 g) and among females 32.1 g (range 0-378.5 g), and the mean consumption per drinking day among males was 208.5 g (range 0-666.7 g) and among females 63.8 g (range 0-63.8 g). Among males alcohol intake per drinking day correlated positively with serum copper (r = 0.50; P less than 0.001) and negatively with serum selenium (r = -0.49; P less than 0.001) and magnesium (r = 0.40; P less than 0.01). Likewise, among females alcohol intake per drinking day correlated positively with serum copper (r = 0.54; P less than 0.01) and negatively with serum magnesium (r = -0.36; P less than 0.05). Serum selenium concentration was negatively and significantly correlated with average daily intake (r = -0.34; P less than 0.05) but not with intake per drinking day. No significant correlations were found between alcohol intake and serum zinc or iron levels. Only two men, both abstainers, had abnormally low serum zinc level, and two other men (average daily alcohol intake less than 37 g) and two women (average daily alcohol intake less than 15 g) had abnormally high serum iron level. Alcohol intake was associated with high serum copper and low serum magnesium and selenium levels.
The present study was undertaken to measure the effects of dietary tyrosine added to fish protein and peanut meal on plasma cholesterol and plasma thyroid hormone levels in the rat. These dietary proteins were chosen because they contain similar amounts of tyrosine but release it at different rates during enzymatic hydrolysis. Casein was chosen as the reference protein. Supplementation was used to obtain tyrosine levels similar to that of casein. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed cholesterol-enriched diets containing 15% protein. After 3 weeks of experimental feeding, total postprandial plasma cholesterol was similar in the casein and peanut meal groups and significantly lower in the fish group. When added to the fish diet, tyrosine caused an increase in plasma cholesterol to a level similar to that of the casein group, whereas supplementation had no effect on plasma cholesterol of rats fed the peanut meal diet. The effects of dietary proteins or of tyrosine supplementation on cholesterol levels of the (density less than 1.006 g/mL) lipoprotein fraction were comparable, but not all significant, to those observed on total plasma cholesterol. In addition, casein and fish diets induced significantly higher levels of plasma triiodothyronine (T3) and lower levels of plasma thyroxine (T4) than did the peanut meal diet. However, the addition of tyrosine to the fish or the peanut meal diet did not modify the plasma thyroid hormone levels.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
From 1979 through 1984, a randomized epidemiological survey in Belgium assessed the dietary intake of sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium using 24-hour food records checked by trained dietitians. Dietary cation intake levels were correlated with blood pressure both in the total group (4167 men and 3891 women) and in the group not taking antihypertensive medication (3814 men and 3329 women). Serum sodium, potassium, calcium, and phosphorus were also measured. Multiple regression analysis adjusting for age, body mass index, heart rate, alcohol intake, and total caloric intake revealed a significant positive correlation between sodium intake and blood pressure in the group not treated for hypertension except for diastolic blood pressure in women. A significant negative correlation was found between dietary calcium intake and diastolic blood pressure in men and between dietary magnesium intake and systolic blood pressure in women. No independent effect of dietary potassium intake on blood pressure could be established. Significant but weak correlations were found between the dietary intake of sodium, potassium and calcium and their serum values. The study confirms the hypothesis that at the population level dietary cations are related to the regulation of blood pressure.
Fatty acids were determined in erthrocytes in 49 patients with colorectal cancer and compared with age and sex-matched controls. Marginally increased levels of stearic acid (P = 0.057) and oleic acid (P = 0.064) and decreased arachidonic acid (P = 0.043) occurred in cancer patients. There was no difference in the stearic to oleic acid ratio between the two groups. Dietary intake, assessed by dietary recall and adipose tissue analysis was also not different. In control subjects the polyunsaturated:saturated (P:S) fatty acid ratio correlated between diet and adipose tissue (P less than 0.01, at least). In contrast cancer patients showed different correlations; in particular dietary and erythrocyte P:S fatty acid ratios correlated (P less than 0.01). These findings may indicate disturbed fat metabolism in cancer patients. The erythrocyte stearic to oleic acid ratio is of no diagnostic value.
In surveys of 4860 middle-aged men in Caerphilly (South Wales) and Speedwell (Bristol) alcohol consumption has been related to high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and its major subfractions, HDL2 and HDL3, measured in a single fasting blood sample. The results confirm that high density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration increases as the amount of alcohol regularly consumed increases. The relationship appears to be linear and is independent of age, smoking habit, body mass index, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and plasma total triglyceride. This rise in HDL cholesterol is not mediated through either HDL2 cholesterol or HDL3 cholesterol alone. Both subclasses increase significantly and by similar amounts with increasing alcohol intake.
We examined the relationship between blood pressure and dietary sodium and potassium intake estimated from 24 hr diet recall in a population of 584 men and 718 women 30 to 79 years old in Southern California. In men, but not women, age-adjusted systolic and diastolic blood pressure correlated significantly with dietary sodium intake. In both men and women, age-adjusted diastolic blood pressure significantly inversely correlated with dietary potassium intake. Age-adjusted systolic and diastolic blood pressure correlated significantly with the dietary sodium/potassium ratio in each sex; correlations were better for the ratio than for either sodium or potassium alone. The relationship was apparent over the whole range of blood pressure and dietary intake. A marked age gradient was apparent in men, the regression slope for blood pressure vs sodium/potassium ratio increasing with increasing age, suggesting increasing sensitivity to dietary sodium/potassium ratio with age. Adjusting for intake of other dietary variables, including calories, protein, carbohydrate, saturated fat, alcohol, calcium, and fiber, did not alter the relationships; adjusting for body mass index reduced the strength of the association in women but not in men. These results support the hypothesis that dietary sodium and potassium are related to blood pressure within a population.
The relation of diet and nutritional supplements, cigarette use, alcohol consumption, and blood lipids to plasma levels of beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol was studied among 330 men and women aged 18-79 years. Dietary carotene, preformed vitamin A, and vitamin E intake were estimated by a self-administered semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. The correlation of dietary carotene with plasma beta-carotene was reduced in smokers compared with nonsmokers (r = 0.02 vs. 0.44 among men; r = 0.19 vs. 0.45 among women). Smokers had much lower plasma levels of beta-carotene than did nonsmokers (geometric mean 8.5 vs. 15.3 micrograms/dl for men; 17.3 vs. 26.3 micrograms/dl for women) despite only slightly lower intakes of carotenoids. In multiple regression analyses, men who smoked one pack per day had 72% (95% confidence interval (CI) 58-89) of the plasma beta-carotene levels of nonsmokers after accounting for dietary carotene and other variables; for women, the corresponding percentage was 79% (CI 64-99). In similar models, men drinking 20 g of alcohol per day had 76% (CI 65-88) of the beta-carotene levels of nondrinkers; women had 89% (CI 73-108) of the levels of nondrinkers. An interaction term for carotene intake and smoking was statistically significant in a model combining both sexes. These results suggest that plasma levels of beta-carotene among smokers and, perhaps, heavy consumers of alcohol may be reduced substantially below levels due to differences in diet. The correlation of calorie-adjusted intake of vitamin E with lipid-adjusted plasma levels of vitamin alpha-tocopherol was 0.53 for men (n = 137) and 0.51 for women (n = 193) and did not differ by alcohol consumption and cigarette use; these correlations were largely accounted for by use of vitamin supplements. In linear regression models, vitamin E intake and plasma lipids were significant predictors of plasma alpha-tocopherol levels.
The possible association between the risk of breast cancer, blood level, and dietary intake of preformed Vitamin A (retinol) and beta-carotene was investigated in a case-control study carried out from May 1982 to June 1985. The patients studied were 214 previously untreated individuals with T1-2, N0-1, M0 breast cancer admitted to the National Cancer Institute of Milan and 215 controls admitted for conditions other than neoplastic or metabolic disorders. Both cases and controls were selected from an age group ranging from 30 to 65 years old. Plasma levels of retinol and beta-carotene were tested from blood samples drawn during the first day after admission to the hospital. A questionnaire about diet was used to estimate the mean intake of 69 food items from which a daily dietary index of retinol and beta-carotene intake was computed. Information relating to the woman's history, socioeconomic status, and known risk factors for breast cancer was also collected. No association was found between beta-carotene (in the diet or blood) or dietary retinol and the risk of breast cancer. As for blood retinol, our data show a significant trend of increasing risk with higher levels; multivariate relative risk for subsequent serum levels based on the control quintiles, are 1, 1.5, 1.8, 1.7; (test for linear trend: chi-square = 8.26). Thus, these findings, together with the results of other studies, suggest that retinol and beta-carotene are unlikely to be related to the risk of breast cancer.
Stress has often been invoked as the intervening variable between various patterns of environmental and psychological stimulation, and various physiological and non-physiological responses. In an attempt to document this, 71 subjects completed the Staats Stress-Vector Analysis Questionnaire yielding measures on environmental, psychogenic and somatogenic stress dimensions, as well as on an overall net stress measure. These were then correlated against the blood pressure, pulse rate, respiratory rate, weight and smoking indices of the respondents, measured under controlled circumstances. No linear correlation was apparent. The respiratory rate tended to be raised in the environmentally and overall stressed individuals as a class, while similar findings relating to weight and pulse rate applied to the psychologically stressed. Reasons are extended for these findings.
Wide discrepancies have been observed between controlled and uncontrolled intake studies of the relationship of blood mercury concentration to intake of mercury. The probable reason for the apparent discrepancies is that the within-subject variation of mercury intake in the uncontrolled studies was almost certainly considerably larger than the within-subject variation in blood mercury concentration; in these circumstances, the apparent slope obtained from a linear regression of blood mercury on intake will invariably be much smaller than the true slope. Studies of the exposure or intake of any substance should therefore include a consideration of the likely within-subject variation in the exposure or intake relative to that in the effect.
Dietary fat has been implicated in the development of carcinoma of the breast. Because of the difficulties in obtaining accurate dietary histories, we analyzed subcutaneous adipose fatty acids to compare the quality of fat intake in three groups of patients undergoing investigations for breast masses. These included carcinoma (n = 37, avg. age 54 yrs.), fibroadenoma (n = 27, age 31 yrs.), and other types (n = 21, age 50 yrs.). Subjects in the carcinoma group were heavier, although they were not obese. A one-way analysis of variance of nine adipose fatty acids and their derived ratios [polysaturates:saturates (P:S)] did not show any systematic differences in the three groups. The quality of dietary fat does not appear to be associated with the development of neoplasia of the breast in this population, which consumes a diet of a high P:S ratio.
Brown Adipose Tissue (BAT) is thought to maintain caloric homeostasis by increasing its metabolic rate during periods of energy surfeit or low environmental temperatures and decreasing it during periods of deprivation or high environmental temperatures. The present study investigated the relationship of BAT and whole-body metabolic rate with negative energy balance induced by a minimally stressful exercise regimen. Twenty-four rats exercised in a running wheel for 2 hours per day for 8 weeks for food reinforcement either under a variable ratio or variable time schedule. Whole-body oxygen consumption and the thermic effect of a test meal were then measured, the rats sacrificed, BAT weight and oxygen consumption measured, and the brains assayed for catecholamines. Food intake was found to be positively correlated with expenditure either in the form of exercise, overnight weight loss, or BAT metabolic rate. Brain dopamine concentrations were found to be related to BAT metabolic rate which was in turn related to the amount of weight lost overnight and the amount of food intake. Running was positively correlated with BAT metabolic rate, suggesting that brown adipose tissue is not simply an organ of caloric homeostasis or thermoregulation. BAT, then, appears to be a multi-purpose tool used by a number of systems which regulate body temperature and energy metabolism.
This study was conducted to determine the nutritional status with respect to fatty acids of 53 institutionalized elderly subjects (group A). Seven-day food records and biochemical determinations were used. The same protocol was applied to 25 healthy young adults (group B). The 1981 French Recommended Dietary Allowances were used to assess adequacy of intake. Total fat intake was found to be too high in both groups. Higher intakes of animal fats and saturated fatty acids and lower intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids and linoleic acid were documented in group A than in group B. Elderly subjects exhibited decreased 18:2 omega 6 and 20:4 omega 6 in serum phospholipids and triglycerides. Other indicators of essential fatty acid status in group A differed from group B in the direction of deficiency (double-bond index [DBI], 0.93 +/- 0.01 vs 1.13 +/- 0.04, p less than 0.001; total omega 6, 25.07 +/- 0.46% vs 32.49 +/- 0.89%, p less than 0.001). These findings indicate that institutionalized elderly people are deficient in circulating essential fatty acids, which appears to be caused by both diet and metabolism.
We have compared the effects of two dietary regimens with different macronutrient compositions--a macrobiotic diet and a Western diet--on drug metabolism and plasma lipids in seven healthy volunteers. The macrobiotic diet, high in carbohydrate, low in protein and fat, and devoid of animal food sources, was eaten for a ten day control period, as was the Western diet, high in calories, fat, and protein, as well as animal food sources. We determined the influences of these diets on the clearance of orally administered antipyrine, oxazepam, and methadone, as well as on plasma lipids. There was a statistically significant change in antipyrine clearance as well as in plasma LDL-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol after the dietary periods. This suggests that the influence of dietary changes may have some effect on the clearance of therapeutic drugs. However, this is not universal and is probably important when the drug is highly dependent on the mixed-function oxidase system.
The association between coffee consumption and serum cholesterol was studied in a cross-sectional epidemiological study in Finland where the annual per capita consumption of coffee (13.0 kg) is the highest in the world. Coffee consumption was assessed by a questionnaire in a representative population sample of 4744 men and 4495 women aged 25 to 64 years. Serum total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol concentrations were determined in fresh sera by the enzymatic method. Data on a large number of potential confounding variables were also collected. In the age group 25 to 44 years, the level of serum total cholesterol increased linearly with increasing coffee consumption in both sexes, but in people aged 45 to 64 the peak level of serum cholesterol was found in those who consumed 4 to 6 cups of coffee per day. In the analysis of covariance controlling for age, body mass index, intake of fat, sugar, and alcohol, smoking, physical activity, and fasting time, the mean level of serum cholesterol of men was lower (p less than 0.001) in those who drank no coffee (5.9 mmol/l) than in those who drank 1 to 3 cups (6.1 mmol/l) or 4 or more cups (6.2 mmol/l) per day. In women, the corresponding mean serum cholesterol values were 5.8 mmol/l, 6.1 mmol/l, and 6.1 mmol/l (p less than 0.05). Serum HDL-cholesterol levels did not vary significantly with coffee consumption. There was a slight inverse association between tea drinking and serum total cholesterol in men (p less than 0.05) but not in women. Although our results suggest a positive association, the impact of coffee drinking on serum cholesterol seems to be minimal. The results also indicate that the possible mechanisms do not include caffeine.
For investigation of the role of linoleic acid (LA) and its biologically significant metabolites in mammary tumor promotion by dietary fat, a detailed study of the fatty acid group composition of serum lipids, tumor neutral lipids, tumor phospholipids, and tumor prostaglandins (PG's) was conducted in female inbred F344 rats initiated with N-nitrosomethylurea (CAS: 684-93-5) and fed diets containing various types and amounts of fat. The oils, safflower [23%, high fat (HF); 5%, low fat], corn (23%, 5%), olive (23%, 5%), and coconut (23%) varied widely with respect to their LA content and their polyunsaturate:monounsaturate:saturate ratios (9:1:1, 4.6:2.6:1, 0.6:5.9:1, and 0.008:0.05:1, respectively, for safflower, corn, olive, and coconut oils). A modified hexane-based technique was used for extraction of serum and tumor lipids. Total tumor lipids ranged from a low of 5 to a high of 228 mg/g (wet wt) with no differences found among the 7 dietary groups. The phospholipid content of the tumors ranged from 27 to 47% of total tumor lipid, again with no differences seen among dietary groups. Total serum lipids varied from a low of 3.77 mg/ml (safflower oil, 23%) to a high of 6.11 mg/ml (coconut oil, 23%), and an overall inverse trend was observed between total serum lipids and tumor incidence for the 4 HF diet groups. Serum cholesterol levels were significantly depressed in the HF safflower oil and corn oil groups compared to those in all other dietary groups and, in general, varied inversely with respect to mammary tumor incidence. Serum and tumor neutral fatty acid profiles closely reflected those of the diet, while tumor phospholipids appeared more resistant to diet-induced changes. Olive oil-fed animals exhibited high levels of oleic acid in both serum and tumor lipids. The levels of the major metabolite of LA, arachidonic acid (AA), in tumor phospholipids were highly variable and did not equate with dietary or serum LA levels. A positive association was found among dietary LA, tumor PGE2, and mammary tumor incidence among the 4 HF groups; however, no association was found between tumor AA levels and either tumor PGE2 levels or mammary tumor incidence. The results of this study suggest that dietary LA may exert its effects on mammary tumor promotion by virtue of its role as a PG precursor; but the precise steps in this sequence and possible competitive interactions between essential fatty acids, monoenes, and saturates and the PG-synthesizing system remain to be determined.
Psychotropic drug intake was assessed in participants aged 30-69 years of two identically designed studies (cross-sectional studies based on random samples), the Munich Blood Pressure Study (MBS I 1980/81) and the Luebeck Blood Pressure Study (LBS 1984). A similar increase of drug intake with age and a preponderance of women among drug users were found in both study samples. On the basis of the total drug consumption, which was not substantially different in the two population samples, it is argued that the statistically significantly lower prevalence rate for benzodiazepine use found in the LBS, compared with the findings of the MBS I, suggests a real decline over time and cannot be merely explained by possible regional differences in prescription behavior. This finding is of importance within the context of the ongoing discussion on increasing dependence on benzodiazepine drugs.
Mediterranean populations have low incidence rates of cardiovascular disease and hypertension that may be due, in part, to dietary factors, particularly a relatively high intake of monounsaturated fat as olive oil. In this study, nutritional components (as grams per 4200 kJ) (1 kcal = 4.2 kJ) from three-day food records were examined in association with resting blood pressure in a cross-sectional survey of 76 sedentary middle-aged American men, aged 30 to 55 years, with resting blood pressures below 160/100 mm Hg. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures correlated significantly and inversely with monounsaturated fat consumption. Polyunsaturated fat consumption also correlated inversely with diastolic blood pressure; however, this relationship became nonsignificant when adjusted for an index of regional adiposity that characterizes the male-type obesity pattern. Detailed analyses of specific fatty acids showed that the correlations with monounsaturates were specific to oleic acid, and the correlation with polyunsaturates was specific to linoleic acid. Multiple regression analysis suggested that 18.2% of the variance in systolic blood pressure and 23.2% of the variance in diastolic blood pressure were related to monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat consumption and regional adiposity. Thus, increased consumption of monounsaturated fat is related inversely to resting blood pressure, although causality remains to be determined.
Serum vitamin D metabolites and their relationship with dietary intake of phosphate were evaluated in 41 adult patients with early renal failure (glomerular filtration rate [GFR] 50 +/- 12 ml/min). On free diet, mean serum levels of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 [1,25(OH)2D3] were reduced and were a function of GFR and dietary intake of phosphate (beta-weight coefficients were 0.69 and -0.49, respectively). Serum levels of 24, 25(OH)2D3 were comparable to controls and were significantly correlated with serum 25(OH)D3 concentrations only. After 29 +/- 2 months of phosphate restricted (700 mg), calcium supplemented (1,300-1,800 mg) diet, serum phosphate and parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels were unchanged and serum calcium, 1,25(OH)2D3 and 24,25(OH)2D3 concentrations significantly increased in those patients whose GFR did not change. On the other hand, serum PTH increased and serum vitamin D metabolites remained persistently low in those patients whose GFR declined to 12 +/- 5 ml/min. A retrospective analysis of bone histology in 234 patients with chronic renal failure showed that in early renal failure (GFR 75-31 ml/min) the prevalence of osteomalacia and bone resorption was reduced by phosphate restriction (12 vs. 33%, p less than 0.05, and 12 vs. 28%, p = not significant, respectively). In advanced renal failure (GFR 30-10 ml/min), phosphate restriction reduced the prevalence of osteoclastic bone disease (17 vs. 61%, p less than 0.001), but did not change that of osteomalacia (35 vs. 32%, not significant).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Although a number of studies have demonstrated a link between alcohol intake and blood pressure, virtually no research has examined this relationship or the relevance of psychosocial variables in this context over time. This study utilized data from 416 subjects in the Air Traffic Controller Health Change Study to track these associations across five examinations over a 3-year period. Following obesity, alcohol consumption was consistently the second-best predictor of blood pressure. Alcohol intake rose among those subjects who developed sustained elevated blood pressure during the course of the study. Further, obesity became less important in predicting blood pressure at higher levels of alcohol intake. Factors predictive of alcohol use were also studied, and the suggestion is made that psychosocial variables may be linked primarily to alcohol use, which in turn combines with obesity to influence blood pressure levels.
The concentration of serum cotinine (the major metabolite of nicotine) was measured in sera from 4211 women at between 15 and 21 weeks gestation to determine whether a serum cotinine level was a better predictor of low birthweight than the self-reported number of cigarettes smoked per day. Both cotinine levels and smoking history were significantly associated with reduced birthweight, but cotinine correlated significantly better. Smokers of greater than or equal to 25 cigarettes per day, representing the 2.7% of women with the greatest cigarette consumption, had infants 289 g lighter than the 68% of women who were nonsmokers. Women with serum cotinine levels in the top 2.7% (greater than or equal to 284 ng/ml) had infants 441 g lighter than the 68% of women with the lowest cotinine levels (less than or equal to 24 ng/ml). Our results strengthen the evidence linking smoking with low birthweight and also demonstrate that cotinine can be satisfactorily used to assess and monitor cigarette smoking in pregnancy.
Different sodium intakes may affect or alter the urinary excretion of renal kallikrein. We have compared the renal and the urinary effects of sodium depletion and sodium loading with 1% NaCl on total kallikrein, using a direct radio-immunoassay against immunoreactive kallikrein and on active kallikrein assessed by a kininogenase assay with a kinin radio-immunoassay. Sodium depletion resulted in an increase in renal and urinary excretion of both the immunoreactive kallikrein and the kininogenase activity. Sodium loading resulted in a slight but significant decrease in renal tissue immunoreactive kallikrein content without any change in the kininogenase activity, while the urinary excretion of the kininogenase activity was greatly increased and the urinary immunoreactive kallikrein remained steady. This sodium depletion induces consistent effects at the renal and urinary level, resulting probably from a stimulation of biosynthesis. However, during sodium loading, renal and urinary measurements of kallikrein are dissociated. Furthermore, kininogenase activity and immunoreactive kallikrein are not correlated in either of the two studied compartments. Thus sodium loading seems to induce independent effects at the renal and urinary levels, possibly resulting from different mechanisms.
In a Belgian population group of 15,954 male and 2116 female subjects, an epidemiological survey has been conducted to investigate the relationship between dietary fat intake and serum total and HDL-cholesterol. The study has established, both in men and in women, a significant positive relationship between serum total cholesterol and the dietary intake of saturated fat and a significant negative one between serum total cholesterol and the intake of polyunsaturated fat and the P/S-ratio of the diet. At equal levels of consumption, polyunsaturated fat has a decreasing effect on serum total cholesterol which is about half the increasing effect due to saturated fat. Polyunsaturated fat and the P/S-ratio decrease the HDL-cholesterol value but only with borderline significance. The present study demonstrates the importance of dietary fat as a determinant of the serum lipid level within a population.
1. The concentration of taurine in the diets, plasma, urine and breast milk were measured in vegans and age- and sex-matched omnivore controls. Plasma and urinary amino acid concentrations were also determined. 2. Taurine was absent from the vegan diet and occurred in variable amounts in the diets of the omnivores. Urinary taurine levels were less than half those of the omnivores but plasma and breast-milk levels were only slightly lower. 3. Dietary energy intakes were similar in the vegans and omnivores, but protein intakes tended to be lower in the vegans.
In order to investigate whether the urinary excretion of 1-methylhistidine (1MH) might serve as an objective indicator of meat ingestion and exogenous 3-methylhistidine (3MH) intake, healthy subjects were fed an ovolactovegetarian diet. At five-day intervals they were given meat of different origin and 24-hour urinary excretions of 1MH and 3MH were determined. After beef intake there was a marked increase of 3MH and 1MH excretion. The elimination curves were found to follow first-order kinetics and to indicate similar elimination rates. 1MH was present in ten different types of meat analyzed. A strong linear relationship was found between increase in 3MH and 1MH excretion and the amount of chicken, pork, or plaice ingested. IMH may serve as an objective indicator of meat and exogenous 3MH intake, since it is present in meat, and, regardless of source, shows similar dose-independent kinetics, and has similar half-life to 3MH.
The interdependence of the associations of physical activity, smoking, and consumption of alcohol and coffee with serum high-density lipoprotein and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations was studied in 9,347 persons ages 25-64 years from east and southwest Finland. In covariance analyses with corrections for age, body mass index, saturated fat index, and fasting time, the mean adjusted serum high-density lipoprotein to non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio was high among physically active male non-smokers but not among smokers (P = 0.024 for two-way interaction). The cholesterol ratio was lower among both men (P = 0.010 for two-way interaction) and women (P = 0.030 for two-way interaction) reporting no or very little use of alcohol, and this association was stronger among smokers and women with high coffee consumption (P less than 0.001 for two-way interaction). Our data suggest that the elevating effect of regular physical exercise on serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol may be absent in smokers, whereas that of alcohol is greater in smokers than nonsmokers. High coffee consumption associates with decreased serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in smokers but increased levels in non-smokers.
Catecholamines play an important role in glucose homeostasis. This study was designed to determine whether circulating catecholamine changes in the elderly play a role in the glucose intolerance of aging and whether these changes are related to dietary carbohydrate intake. Plasma catecholamines (epinephrine and norepinephrine) and glucose were measured before and for 2 h after the administration of 100 g oral glucose in both 18 young (age, 18-39 yr) and 20 old (age, 60-82 yr) normal men during ad libitum home diet and after 3-day weight-maintaining, high or low carbohydrate formula diets in the Clinical Research Center. The elderly men had higher plasma norepinephrine levels before and after oral glucose than the young men even when eating matched formula diets. Plasma epinephrine levels were similar and decreased significantly after oral glucose in both groups. There was no relationship between catecholamine levels and degree of glucose tolerance. A high carbohydrate diet improved glucose tolerance in both old and young subjects. However, changes in dietary carbohydrates were not associated with consistent changes in plasma catecholamines. Therefore, we conclude that 1) glucose intolerance of aging cannot be explained by changes in plasma catecholamines, 2) the age-related increase in plasma norepinephrine is unrelated to dietary carbohydrate intake, and 3) there is no effect of age on suppression of plasma epinephrine after oral glucose administration.
It is not clear why blood pressure rises with age in civilized countries. We examined the relationship between alcohol consumption, obesity, family history of hypertension and blood pressures at medical checkups in 534 male office workers, aged 20 to 40. The results in two age groups, 20-30 and 31-40, are as follows. Those who drank heavily (greater than 60 ml of ethanol) the previous night and/or habitual heavy drinkers (greater than 60 ml/day) had the highest blood pressure. Obese workers had higher blood pressure. Subjects with a family history of hypertension had higher blood pressure. The frequencies of heavy drinkers and obesity were higher in the group aged 31 to 40 than in the other group. These factors might contribute to the blood pressure elevation with age. 5) A histogram of the first readings of systolic blood pressure showed a bimodal distribution only in persons with a family history of hypertension.
We have used adipose tissue biopsies to assess the quality of fat in the diet and its influence on plasma lipid levels in 413 free-living normolipidemic male subjects. Factor analysis identified three factors which separated the fatty acids on the basis of their chemical structure. F1--monounsaturates--animal fats; F2--saturates--carbohydrates; F3--polyunsaturates--vegetable oils. An increase in F1 was associated with an increase in plasma triglycerides (TG), plasma total cholesterol (TC), and VLDL-C: an increase in F2 led to a decrease in VLDL-C. A rise in F3 was associated with lowered TG, VLDL-C, and HDL-C but increased LDL-C. However, the contribution of each of these factors to the variance in TG, TC, LDL-C, and HDL-C was small, namely: 5.48, 1.30, 2.57, and 2.02%, respectively. A special relationship between F3 and VLDL-C was found such that 16.22% of its variance could be attributed to F3. Our conclusion is that adipose tissue composition and, by implication, the type of dietary fat intake, explains only a small proportion (1-19%) of the variance in plasma lipids in normolipidemic subjects.
Repeated measurements were made in 8 adults of factor VII coagulant activity (VIIc) and fibrinogen concentration (two haemostatic variables associated with cardiovascular mortality), together with factor VII concentration, factor X, prothrombin, and serum cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, while the usual diet was recorded by precise weighing over 12-14 days. In 6 subjects measurements were continued while low-fat and high-fat diets were taken for a further 2 and 3 weeks respectively. Plasma VIIc was related positively and independently to fat and protein intake, whereas factor VII concentration was associated only with protein consumption. In a second study, consumption of 50% extra energy for one day increased VIIc significantly when taken mainly as fat but not when taken mostly as carbohydrate. The character of the VIIc response to fat intake suggested an association with post-prandial lipaemia. A high fat intake may lead not only to coronary atheroma but also to fibrin deposition and thrombus formation through direct activation of the coagulation system.
The hypercalciuria that occurs when 1,25 (OH)2D3 (calcitriol) is given to humans with normal renal function depends on dietary Ca absorption and may also relate, in part, to enhanced bone resorption. To evaluate the relationship between urinary and dietary Ca during treatment with calcitriol, 12 metabolic balance studies were performed in normal volunteers ingesting a diet containing 350 mg/day of Ca, to which Ca gluconate was added. After 10 days on either 350 mg/day or 1550 mg/day of Ca, calcitriol, 0.5 microgram every 12 hr, was given. Then diet Ca was changed in successive 5-day treatment periods from 350 to 650, 950 and 1550 mg/day (group A) or from 1550 to 950, 650 and 350 mg/day (group B). On the lowest diet Ca, urinary Ca was less than Ca intake during calcitriol treatment (group A, 220 +/- 50 mg/day; group B, 247 +/- 40). As diet Ca was changed during calcitriol treatment, urinary Ca correlated with diet Ca (r = 0.60) until diet Ca reached 950 mg/day. With calcitriol, serum iPTH fell by 18 to 25% (P less than 0.01) and urinary hydroxyproline fell by 11 to 19% (P less than 0.05 to 0.01). Baseline serum levels of 1,25(OH)2D were 47 +/- 8 and 34 +/- 5 pg/ml in group A and B, respectively, and the values increased to 51 +/- 12 and 45 +/- 7.4 pg/ml during treatment with calcitriol. Serum Ca from fasted subjects was not affected by calcitriol, but the mean postabsorptive serum Ca (moon) was increased by 0.35 mg/dl.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Studies were undertaken with individuals fed fried bacon meals to determine whether fruit or vegetables, ingested along with bacon, modified uptake and subsequent excretion of bacon mutagen(s). Urinary mutagenic activity was significant in those who had consumed bacon or mixed bacon/vegetable or bacon/fruit meals within the previous 2 to 3 hr period. Although urine activity varied by a factor of 4 among 15 subjects who consumed different meals, there was no evidence from this investigation that fruit or vegetables contributed to the inherent variability in total urinary mutagenic activity. However, some differences in excretion kinetics may be attributable to vegetable or fruit supplements in mixed meals.
In 29 domestic hens, four blood samples were collected during the period of egg formation, at time points representing different metabolic stages. Plasma concentrations of total calcium, total phosphorus, inorganic phosphorus and total protein were measured, and the effect of adding oyster shell particles to a standard laying diet was investigated. Analyses of covariance were made and correlations between the plasma characteristics were calculated. The following were significantly correlated: total and inorganic phosphorus, calcium and total phosphorus, and calcium and protein. Each of the four characteristics showed a significant decrease during egg formation. Inorganic phosphorus reached a peak 15 h after ovulation, probably related to medullary bone resorption. Plasma total phosphorus differed significantly between chickens. Addition of oyster shell to the diet did not affect the concentration or the pattern of the plasma characteristics during egg formation and did not reduce calcium mobilisation from medullary bone during shell formation.
In this study we attempted to explore the relationship between salt and blood pressure in a salted-tea drinking population of Northern Kashmir which has not been exposed to a Western way of life. All the available family members of randomly selected houses in 14 villages were studied. Dietary intake was documented for the whole month of the study period to estimate the daily salt consumption in 281 subjects (193 males, 88 females), whose ages were reliably known. Their age ranged from 15 to 85 years (median 35) and their mean daily salt intake was 150 +/- 52 mmol (range 80-440). Both the systolic and diastolic blood pressures showed a significant increase with the salt intake and age; multiple regression analysis suggested an independent effect of salt intake on blood pressure after adjusting for age. Twenty-six subjects (9.3%) had hypertension (blood pressure greater than or equal to 160/95 mm Hg); their daily salt intake was significantly higher than that of normotensive subjects (mean 167 +/- SD 53 vs 142 +/- 46 mmol; P less than 0.001). These studies suggest a relationship between habitual high salt intake and blood pressure.
Associations between blood pressure and intakes of 61 dietary variables assessed by 24-h recall method were investigated in 615 men of Japanese ancestry living in Hawaii who had no history of cardiovascular disease or treated hypertension. Magnesium, calcium, phosphorus, potassium, fiber, vegetable protein, starch, vitamin C, and vitamin D intakes were significant variables that showed inverse associations with blood pressure in univariate and a multivariate analyses. Magnesium had the strongest association with blood pressure, which supports recent interest in its relation to blood pressure. Nevertheless, it was not possible to separate the effect of magnesium from that of other variables because of the problem of high intercorrelation among many nutrients. While recommendations based upon cross-sectional studies must be viewed cautiously, these results suggest that foods such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and low-fat dairy items are major sources of nutrients that may be protective against hypertension.
Blood pressure and its relationship to nutritional factors, particularly intakes of calcium and vitamin D, were evaluated among 86 women, aged 20-35 yr, and 222 women, aged 55-80 yr, who were not using diuretics. Observations were based on a study of bone density among women in two communities which included blood pressure determinations, a food frequency estimate of calcium intake, a 24-h dietary recall and an extensive supplement use history. There was no significant relationship between estimated current dietary calcium consumption and blood pressure in either age group. However, in younger women, there was a significant inverse relationship between estimated dietary intake of vitamin D and systolic blood pressure which remained significant (p = 0.0016) after adjusting for age, Quetelet index, alcohol consumption and calcium intake. Older women whose consumption of both vitamin D and calcium was less than the Recommended Dietary Allowance, 400 IU/day and 800 mg/day respectively, had a significantly higher systolic blood pressure (p = 0.0371) than their counterparts whose estimated intake met the RDA for at least one of the two nutrients. Vitamin D may be related to blood pressure through its regulation of calcium absorption from the gut or its interaction with parathyroid hormone in maintaining plasma calcium homeostasis.
The study was based on 471 men, aged 19 to 20 years, who started their compulsory military service in three military bases in Southwest, Southeast and Northern Finland in February 1982. The data were gathered by means of self-administered questionnaires. A fasting venous blood specimen was taken to determine serum HDL and total cholesterol, gamma-glutamyltransferase and thiocyanate. In this cross-sectional study a few variables based on the self-administered questionnaire explained 8% and 7% of the variation in serum HDL and total cholesterol, respectively. Our results show that easily measurable behavioural factors do contribute to serum HDL and total cholesterol levels in young men. In our study the impact of alcohol consumption on serum HCL cholesterol was greater than in most previous studies. Our findings give additional support to the hypothesis that even a very modest amount of regular physical exercise has the effect of increasing the serum HDL cholesterol level.
During the first 6 months of life the plasma levels of branch-chained amino acids are related to the amount of protein ingested. Thus, the concentrations are lower in breast-fed infants than in artificially fed infants who are on a formula with a protein content which is about 50 per cent higher than in breast milk. At 3, 4 1/2, and 6 months of age the concentrations of valine in plasma and C-peptide in urine and the ratio between C-peptide and creatinine in urine are 2-3 times higher in artificially fed than in breast-fed infants. Plasma valine values correlate significantly with the urinary C-peptide/creatinine ratio. The enhanced insulin response induced by a cow's milk formula is related to the protein content.
Immature male little brown bats were aroused prematurely from their first hibernation and fed ad libitum (Group AL) or given a restricted diet (Group FR). All animals were weighed daily and the food intake of Group FR males was restricted to maintain their body weights at or near initial post-arousal values (5.3-6.8 g). The average body weights of Group AL males increased during the first week after arousal and then stabilized at a level which was 20% higher than those of Group FR males. The post-arousal induction of plasma SBP was similar in Groups FR and AL: plasma SBP activity was significantly increased 1 week after arousal and by 3 weeks had reached levels which were more than 10-fold higher than those of immature hibernating males which served as controls. Although food restriction had no effect on plasma SBP levels, it did inhibit reproductive development. Arousal-induced increases in testicular and epididymal (head/body) weights in Group FR males were less than 50% of those in Group AL males. However, histological examination of the testes revealed similar degrees of spermatogenic activation in both groups. Plasma testosterone concentrations were increased markedly in Groups FR and AL; values were generally lower in Group FR but wide individual variations were observed. Despite these elevated peripheral testosterone values, the accessory sex glands in both groups remained unstimulated.
The concentrations of biologically active parathyroid hormone (PTH) and ionic calcium (Ca2+) were determined in the plasma of control and calcium-deficient laying hens during the egg cycle. The same measurements were made in hens that had ceased laying because of a deficiency of vitamin D and in normal hens during pauses in egg production. Changes in the concentration of Ca2+ during the egg cycle followed the same pattern and were of the same magnitude in the control and calcium-deficient birds: mean levels were high when egg shell calcification was not occurring and they were at least 0.10 mmol/litre lower during active shell formation. There was a reciprocal relationship between the concentrations of PTH and Ca2+; thus, PTH values were high during shell calcification and low before shell formation began and after oviposition. Mean concentrations of PTH in the birds given the low-calcium diet were more than twice as high as in the control birds both during shell formation at 0700 hr (12.85 and 5.95 pg/ml, respectively) and after oviposition at 1600 hr (4.25 and 0.55 pg/ml, respectively). The results of these experiments provide direct evidence that the mobilization of skeletal calcium for egg shell formation is under parathyroid control. In the non-shell-forming control and vitamin D-deficient birds there were no significant changes over the 27-hr sampling period in either PTH or ionic calcium.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
A high level of sodium (440 mg/L) in the water supply of Gila Bend, Ariz, caused concern because of apparently elevated rates of hypertension in Gila Bend Papago Indians. We surveyed 342 Gila Bend Papago Indians and 375 non-Indians from July to September 1983. Participants 25 years of age and older were interviewed for health risk factors, water consumption, and dietary sodium and calcium intake and had height, weight, blood pressure, and urinary sodium and potassium levels measured. No consistent associations were found between any of the sodium values and systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Mean blood pressures for the Gila Bend whites were lower in most age groups than in comparison US white populations. The prevalence rates of hypertension in Gila Bend were not significantly higher than national rates.
The mutagenicity of the chromosomes of the peripheral lymphocytes of 147 Greenlandic Eskimos living in the district of Angmagssalik, Greenland, and in Denmark, was evaluated by means of the sister chromatid exchange (SCE) test. Thirty cells from each person were examined. The purpose of the investigation was to determine if there was any relationship between mutagenic activity and diet, and hence the elements selenium, cadmium, mercury and lead. The probands were divided into three groups according to their intake of seal meat or industrially prepared food: group 1, those eating seal at least six times per week; group 2, two to five times per week; and group 3 once each week or not at all. The statistical analysis was performed by means of multiple linear regression analyses, with diet, living district, sex, age, tobacco smoking, and blood lead and mercury concentrations as variables. Forty-eight percent of the variation in SCE could be explained by differences in diet, living district, age, and tobacco consumption. Groups 1 and 2 had a 1.7 and 0.65 times higher SCE/cell, respectively, than group 3. For every additional 10 years of age of the probands, the SCE/cell increased by 0.4, and for every 10 g of tobacco smoked per day the SCE/cell was 0.7 higher compared to non-smokers. When priority was given to blood Hg concentration in the calculation, 16.3% of the total variation in SCE/cell could be explained. An increase in the blood Hg concentration of 10 micrograms l-1 corresponded to an increase of 0.3 SCE/cell. In 92 individuals blood Se and Cd concentrations were also analysed. The variables, tobacco smoking, diet, living district and Cd explained 53% of the total variation in SCE. Giving priority to the blood Hg and Cd concentrations, explained 21.4% of the total variation in SCE/cell. An increase of 10 micrograms l-1 in blood Cd and Hg corresponded to an increase in SCE/cell of 0.7 and 0.2, respectively. No influence on the SCE/cell could be attributed to the blood Pb and Se concentrations. Evaluated by the SCE test, seal diet, smoking, living district and blood Hg and Cd concentrations all contribute to mutagenicity in Greenlandic Eskimos, with seal diet as the most important of the factors examined.
Between 1953 and 1955, a still-ongoing prospective cardiovascular study enrolled 1,910 employed men. Men who drank more alcohol had higher levels of cigarette use, blood pressure, and high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. After 18 years of follow-up, the survivors consumed twice as much alcohol, on the average, as they had at entry, weighed slightly more, and had substantially higher blood pressures. Formerly heavy drinkers who had quit, however, lost weight and had less than average blood pressure increases. There was no significant association between changes in smoking habits and changes in drinking habits.
All determinations of copper, zinc, manganese, and selenium were performed with a flameless atomic absorption spectrophotometer. Seventy-three full-term infants aged 1 to 52 weeks were divided into three age groups. Each age group contained two subgroups, breast-fed and formula-fed. No statistically significant differences between formula-fed and breast-fed subgroups were found in regard to the levels of copper and zinc in plasma and erythrocytes. At 1 to 5 weeks of age, the manganese concentration of erythrocytes was higher in formula-fed than in breast-fed infants (p less than 0.001). This might be due to the high dietary intake of this element in the formula-fed subgroup. On the other hand, plasma selenium concentrations were significantly higher in breast-fed than in formula-fed infants of all ages (p less than 0.01 at 1 to 5 weeks and p less than 0.05 at 6 to 52 weeks). This suggests that selenium compounds are biologically more available for infant nutrition in breast milk than in formula.
During a period of 1977 to 1981, 24-hr duplicates of daily diets were collected nationwide in 49 regions in 21 prefectures in Japan. More than 1000 samples were obtained in winter from the inhabitants (predominantly farmers) of areas with no known environmental pollution, together with more than 200 additional samples in the immediately preceding or succeeding summer. Cadmium contents (analyzed by wet digestion-flameless atomic absorption spectrophotometry) in the winter diet samples distributed log--normally with males and females giving results (geometric mean (geometric standard deviation] of 43.9 micrograms/day (1.86) and 37.0 micrograms/day (1.85) for 368 and 674 samples, respectively; the difference was statistically significant (P less than 0.01). A slight reduction (ca. 13% in males and 21% in females) in cadmium content was observed in summer diets as compared with winter ones. In winter samples, cadmium levels in diets correlated significantly (P less than 0.01) with the cadmium levels in blood when the results from the examinees of the same survey region were pooled and the two levels were compared in terms of geometric means. Correlation on the individual basis was not remarkable, probably due to day-by-day variation in diet constituents as well as cadmium contents. High cadmium intakes of over 150 micrograms/day were recorded in some cases but did not associate with high cadmium levels in blood.
We investigated the relationship between level of exercise, ingestion of zinc supplements, and serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels in 270 healthy men and women over age 60. After controlling for sex, alcohol intake, and body mass, there was a significant positive correlation between level of exercise and serum HDL cholesterol in the 180 subjects not taking supplemental zinc (r = 0.26, P = .005) but not for those subjects taking supplemental zinc (r = -0.18, P = .14). Multiple regression analysis showed a significant interaction of zinc intake and activity level on HDL cholesterol (P = .04). In 22 subjects who were ingesting greater than 15 mg of supplemental, elemental zinc daily, cessation of zinc supplements for 8 weeks was associated with a significant increase in HDL cholesterol levels (2.0 mg/dL; P = .04). The change in HDL after stopping zinc was positively correlated with the level of exercise of the subjects (r = .41, P = .05). Thus supplemental zinc ingestion appears to block the exercise-induced increase in serum HDL cholesterol in a healthy population.
The absorption into the blood of ovalbumin (OA) and beta-lactoglobulin (BLG) was investigated in eight healthy adults. Enzyme immunoassays showed up to 10.5 ng OA/ml serum in seven out of eight individuals 2-3 h after a test meal, whereas no BLG was demonstrated. The apparent size distribution of the absorbed OA was investigated by high-pressure liquid gel permeation chromatography fractionation, followed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, which in the fractionated sera showed OA in all eight individuals. OA was found at the elution volume of intact OA and, in addition, was present in high molecular weight fractions, as part of the immune complexes. The serum concentrations of OA could not be clearly correlated to levels of serum and secretory anti-OA antibodies. No significant alterations of the levels of circulating immune complexes could be demonstrated by two antigen-nonspecific assays. The presented data indicate that, for certain dietary proteins, low-grade absorption of apparently undegraded protein into the blood occurs regularly in healthy adults.
The relationship of blood flow and oxygen uptake to ischemic intestinal injury was investigated by measuring the clearance of 131I-albumin from the blood to the lumen of isolated, perfused segments of canine jejunum. Reductions in blood flow for 2 h to various levels confirmed the previously demonstrated relationship of oxygen uptake to blood flow, i.e., oxygen uptake was flow-independent at blood flows above 30 ml/min X 100 g, and flow-dependent at levels below this. Blood flows above this threshold did not change the level of albumin clearance seen under control conditions (0.022 +/- 0.003 ml/min X 100 g). However, increases in the mucosal permeability to albumin were seen after blood flow was reduced to levels where oxygen uptake was decreased by more than 50%. These findings indicate that the ability of the small intestine to maintain oxygen consumption during low flow states may be an important factor in providing protection from ischemic injury, even during prolonged periods of hypoperfusion.
Experiments were performed to determine whether serum concentrations of total cholesterol (TC) undergo cyclic changes during the estrous cycle of dairy heifers and to assess the relationship between serum concentrations of TC and ovarian steroid hormones. The effects of a hypercholesterolemic diet upon luteal progesterone secretion also were determined. Experiment 1 involved five dairy heifers exhibiting normal estrous cycles. Serum concentrations of TC, progesterone, testosterone and estradiol-17 beta were determined in blood samples collected throughout a complete estrous cycle. A transient decline in TC was observed during the luteal phase of all heifers beginning on d 2 and reached a nadir 6 d after estrus. Highest mean concentrations of TC occurred between d -2 and +2 (96.3 +/- 8.2 mg/dl), which were markedly higher (P less than .05) than the lowest mean concentrations (76.3 +/- 10.3 mg/dl) observed on d 6. Concentrations of serum TC were negatively correlated (r = -.40; P less than .01) with progesterone between d 2 and 9. Serum TC was not correlated with testosterone or estradiol-17 beta. In Exp. 2, seven cycling Holstein heifers were fed a control diet for 70 d (Stage I), a diet containing 15% whole sunflower seed as a source of supplemental dietary lipid for 70 d (Stage II) and then the control diet for 70 d (Stage III). Diets were isocaloric and isonitrogenous. All heifers were synchronized with prostaglandin F2 alpha after wk 5 in each of the three feeding stages.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The blood pressure of the spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR) is influenced by the Ca2+ content of its diet. As the SHR's greater dependence on dietary calcium may reflect a defect in intestinal calcium absorption, we measured in vitro unidirectional Ca2+ flux (J) in the duodenum-jejunum (four segments each) of the SHR (n = 6) and the normotensive Wistar-Kyoto rat (WKY; n = 6) by a modified Ussing apparatus. Because of the known and postulated interactions between Ca2+ and Na+ in both intestinal and vascular tissue, we assessed in vivo the influence of a concurrent manipulation of Na+ intake (three levels: 0.25%, 0.45%, and 1.0%) on the blood pressure development of SHRs (n = 35) and WKYs (n = 35), between 6 and 20 wk of age, exposed to three levels of dietary calcium (0.1, 1.0, and 2%). Net calcium flux (Jnet) (mean +/- SEM) was significantly (P less than 0.01) lower in the SHR (-2.8 +/- 6.3 nmol/cm2 X h) than in the WKY (34.6 +/- 8.8 nmol/cm2 X h). The SHR's decreased Jnet resulted from a significantly (P less than 0.03) lower mucosa-to-serosa flux (Jm-s) in the SHR (41.0 +/- 5.6 nmol/cm2 X h) compared with the Jm-s of the WKY (70.1 +/- 9.1 nmol/cm2 X h). Serosa-to-mucosa flux for calcium did not differ between the SHR (43.8 +/- 6.6 nmol/cm2 X h) and the WKY (35.5 +/- 8.0 nmol/cm2 X h). The SHR's decreased (P less than 0.002) Jm-s was confirmed by additional measurements in SHRs and WKYs. Jm-s was 36.2 +/- 3.7 nmol/cm2 X h in the SHRs (n = 11) and 64.4 +/- 6.7 nmol/cm2 X h in the WKYs (n = 9). The provision of an increased dietary Ca2+ (2% by weight) and increased Na+ (1%) to the SHR prevented the emergence of hypertension (P less than 0.001) (mean +/- SEM systolic blood pressure at 20 wk of age; 135 +/- 5 mmHg for the 2% Ca2+, 1% Na+ SHR vs. 164 +/- 2 mmHg for the control diet SHR). Ca2+ (0.1%) and Na+ (0.25%) restriction accelerated the SHR's hypertension (192 +/- 2 mmHg) (P less than 0.001) and was associated with higher pressures in the WKY (146 +/- 4 mmHg in the restricted WKY vs. 134 +/- 4 mmHg in the control WKY). In a parallel group of 24 SHRs and 24 WKYs fed one of three diets (2% Ca2+/1% Na+; 1% Ca2+/0.45% Na+; or 0.1% Ca2+/0.25% Na+), the heart (P < 0.05) and kidney (P = 0.08) weight of the SHRs varied depending on the diet at 20 wk of age. Low Ca2+ and Na+ intake was associated with increased heart weight (1.6+/-0.9 g) compared with the normal diet for SHR (1.51+/-0.07 g). Increased Ca2+ and Na+ intake was associated with a significantly (P = 0.05) lower heart weight in the SHR (1.37+/-0.03 g) and in the WKY (1.35+/-0.06 g) compared with their normal diet controls. These findings show one mechanism for the SHR's depressor response to supplemental dietary Ca2+ and, in part, explain the sodium dependence of calcium's cardiovascular protective effect.
The total urinary excretion of tetranor prostaglandin metabolites, measured as tetranorprostanedioic acid (TPD), was quantified in traditionally living Greenland Eskimos (E) and compared with that in Caucasian Danes (D). TPD excretion (microgram/24h) was not significantly different between both groups, neither for males (331 +/- 62.4 (E) vs. 331 +/- 25.7 (D), mean +/- SEM, n = 9 and 10) nor for females (190 +/- 31.7 (E) vs. 264 +/- 27.4 (D), n = 11 and 10, P2 greater than 0.05). Since urinary prostaglandin metabolites are thought to reflect the total prostaglandin turnover in vivo, these results suggest that a long-term intake of relatively large amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids of the (n-3) family does not alter total prostaglandin turnover in vivo. This is in contrast to stimulated prostanoid formation in vitro, and thus suggests a different regulatory role of dietary and tissue fatty acids for 'stimulated' and 'basal' prostaglandin production.
The habitual intake of 20 healthy free-living subjects was determined by two 7-day food records. Documented fatty acid intakes were utilized to examine the influence of fatty acid intake on fatty acid composition of stored and structural lipids in subcutaneous adipose tissue. Subjects with higher intakes of saturated fatty acids exhibited increased levels of total saturated fatty acids and decreased polyunsaturated fatty acids in adipose tissue triglycerides (p less than 0.01). The dietary P/S ratio was significantly related to the saturated and polyunsaturated content of stored lipids. In the phospholipid fraction, relationships were found between dietary C18:2(6) and the P/S ratio of phosphatidylcholine (p less than 0.05). The essential fatty acid content of the two phospholipids studied was related to the dietary fats consumed. Relationships were identified between major fatty acids in the triglyceride and phospholipid fraction. Although diet was found to relate to fatty acid composition, the structural lipids in human adipose tissue appear more resistant to compositional change than stored triglycerides.
The diet of children with blocks in the metabolism of five amino acids has been investigated to evaluate the need for these amino acids in the maintenance of normal growth and development. Two children with phenylketonuria, one child with tyrosine aminotransferase defect and one child with maple syrup urine disease are included in the study. The growth and development of the children have been within the normal range except for language development, which was retarded in the maple syrup urine disease child. The need for phenylalanine, phenylalanine and tyrosine combined and isoleucine, leucine, and valine for protein synthesis in growing children was investigated by registering the intake of phenylalanine in the phenylketonuria children, the intake of phenylalanine and tyrosine in the tyrosine amino transferase defect child and isoleucine, leucine and valine in the maple syrup urine disease child. The significance of this intake, defined as the sufficient intake, is discussed, as well as the difference between the sufficient intake and requirement. The sufficient intake is compared with former studies on requirement. There is good agreement between the sufficient intake and requirement of phenylalanine and tyrosine. The sufficient intake of isoleucine, leucine, and valine as judged from our study is lower than in former studies on requirement.
From the 10 North American study populations of the Lipid Research Clinics Program, mean levels of plasma high-density (HDL) cholesterol were contrasted between users of eight categories of prescribed medications and a control group of nonusers of those categories matched for age, sex, study population and ponderosity. Women taking propranolol had a mean HDL cholesterol level 12 mg/dl lower than nonusers (p < 0.05). Men taking phenytoin had a mean HDL cholesterol level more than 18 mg/dl higher than nonusers (p < 0.05). Men taking benzodiazepine derivatives had a mean HDL cholesterol level 3.3 mg/dl lower than nonusers (p < 0.05). No significant differences were found between users and nonusers of thiazide diuretics, chlorthalidone, barbiturates, sympathomimetics or antihistamines.
Plasma amino acid concentrations and the ratios of tryptophan and tyrosine to other large neutral amino acids (NAA) were related to prior food consumption by normal healthy adults and by adults with hepatic encephalopathy. Previous habitual (3-day) energy consumption by 32 healthy subjects correlated inversely with the fasting plasma tyr/NAA (r = --0.40, p less than 0.05), while the proportion of energy consumed as protein was inversely related to plasma trp/NAA (r = -0.63, p less than 0.001). Postprandial plasma trp/NAA of 11 normal subjects at 2 and 4 h also reflected (r = --0.62 and --0.69, p less than 0.05, respectively) the proportion of food energy chosen as protein at a single meal. Similarly, samples obtained from five patients with hepatic encephalopathy showed that when high plasma trp/NAA ratios occur these are likely to be due to the low protein intake prescribed. However, for these patients the tyr/NAA or the tyr and met/branched-chain amino acid ratios were above normal ranges caused by diet. The conclusion of this study is that the plasma trp/NAA ratio is associated with the proportion of dietary energy consumed as protein, whereas the plasma tyr/NAA ratio is associated with long-term total energy consumption.
The correlation of three markers of alcohol consumption: serum concentration of gamma-glutamyltransferase (GT), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-cholesterol), apolipoprotein AI (Apo AI), and the results of a questionnaire (Mm-MAST) designed to measure the attitude towards alcohol consumption were determined in a population of healthy men aged 48 years. Apo AI (r = 0.27) and GT (r = 0.31) were correlated (P less than 0.001) to the questionnaire score to a similar degree while the correlation between HDL-cholesterol and the questionnaire score was (r = 0.18), somewhat less good but statistically significant (P less than 0.01). There was no correlation between GT and HDL-cholesterol or Apo AI.
Neurophysin II (hNpII) but not hNpI serum levels were higher than normal (greater than 2.85 ng/ml) in 9 of 20 patients admitted to the metabolic ward for alcohol withdrawal therapy; a normalization was observed within the first week of alcohol withdrawal. The higher levels of hNpII were felt to reflect alcohol impregnation for the following reasons: 1) on admission, levels of most of the alcoholism blood markers were higher in the group of patients with high hNpII levels than in the group with normal hNpII levels; 2) hNpII levels were correlated with most of the alcoholism blood markers, mainly gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (r = 0.63, P less than 0.001) in the 20 patients of the study; 3) patients with high hNpII levels admitted to greater alcohol and less anxiolytic drug intake immediately before admission. The physiopathological meaning and hypothetical psychological consequence of this hNpII increase remain to be defined.
The blood pressure, body weight, mean 24 hour urinary electrolyte excretion, and plasma renin activity in offspring whose parents both belonged to the top third of the distribution of blood pressure in their 5-year age-group were compared with those in offspring whose parents belonged to the bottom third. Altogether 116 offspring, aged 10-43 years, took part in the study. Systolic pressure was higher in the offspring with a family history of high blood pressure, but there was no difference in 24-h urinary electrolyte excretion or plasma renin activity. The study had a power of over 80% to detect a 20 mmol difference in sodium excretion, and it provides evidence against the hypothesis that hypertensives have an avidity for sodium.
Coronary blood flow responds uniquely to changes in myocardial demand, regardless of the stimulus. If adenosine mediates this response, interstitial fluid adenosine concentration should also change in parallel with myocardial oxygen consumption and coronary blood flow during alterations of cardiac work. We tested this hypothesis by measuring coronary blood flow, myocardial oxygen consumption, and the concentration of adenosine in pericardial infusates, an index of interstitial fluid adenosine concentration, during six experimental conditions and control states in anesthetized, open-chest dogs. Significant alterations of myocardial oxygen consumption and coronary blood flow during aortic constriction, vagal stimulation, atrial pacing, or intravenous infusion of calcium chloride, norepinephrine, or isoproterenol were accompanied by significant alterations in pericardial infusate adenosine concentration. Significant linear relationships were determined among myocardial oxygen consumption, coronary blood flow, and pericardial infusate adenosine concentration for each of the experimental stimuli and their paired control values. There were no significant differences among the six different conditions for any of these relationships. In addition, these relationships were not altered by beta-blockade in five dogs subjected to aortic constriction and calcium infusion. Although beta-blockade may alter the effects of a stimulus, myocardial oxygen consumption, coronary blood flow, and adenosine all are affected proportionately. The results suggest that adenosine production responds to alterations of myocardial oxygen consumption independently of the stimulus which produces the change in oxygen demand, and the resultant change in interstitial fluid adenosine concentration may initiate the change in coronary blood flow to maintain the balance between oxygen supply and demand.
Eighty-three symptom-free hemophiliacs were studied clinically, serologically and by in vitro tests for cellular immunity in a geographical area in which AIDS has not yet been encountered despite the exclusive use of concentrates manufactured from American sources of plasma. Some patients showed the following abnormalities: lymphopenia (4%), decreased T-helper/T-suppressor (Th/Ts) cell ratios (49%), or both abnormalities (2%). Low Th/Ts were mostly due to absolute or, less frequently, relative increases in Ts cells. The prevalence rates for these abnormalities were the same in patients treated with factor VIII or factor IX concentrates. There was an association between the higher Ts and lower Th cells counts and the low Th/Ts ratios and greater annual consumption of factor VIII and factor IX concentrates. These results support the view that protein load might be an important pathogenetic factor in lymphocyte abnormalities in symptom-free hemophiliacs.
Periods of increased food intake in male rats were characterized by significant elevations in the plasma concentrations of immunoreactive beta-endorphin (beta-ep). Administration of 2-deoxy-D-glucose (400 mg/kg) produced rapid and concurrent increases in both food intake and plasma beta-ep. Administration of insulin (10 units/kg) produced large delayed increases in food intake but only modest delayed increases in plasma beta-ep. Spontaneous nocturnal feeding was associated with increased plasma beta-ep. Increases in daytime food intake in rats subjected to 24 hr of food deprivation were also characterized by elevated plasma beta-ep. In all cases examined, those feeding behaviors in male rats which were subject to inhibition by naloxone were characterized by elevated concentration of plasma beta-ep.
We have studied the possible vasodepressor role of the renal medulla by chemical medullectomy. Bromoethylamine hydrobromide (200 mg/kg) was injected to induce selective renal medullary necrosis in rats. The acute effects on sodium balance and long-term effects on blood pressure, plasma renin concentration (PRC) and urinary prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) were studied and compared with saline injected controls. There was an immediate and sustained increase in urine volume of low osmolality. Direct blood pressure in conscious free-moving animals was higher at 2 and 10 weeks after injection in medullary-damaged rats, although this was only significant at 10 weeks (136 +/- 3.3 vs 118 +/- 4.5 mm Hg, p less than 0.01). An initial negative sodium balance returned to normal by 7 days and rats with established medullary damage tolerated a wide range of sodium intakes. Although there was no evidence of sodium retention on the normal diet, with very high sodium loads some sodium retention was apparent since PRC was suppressed and body weight increased. Plasma creatinine and creatinine clearance were normal. PRC in rats with medullary damage was unchanged on normal diet and rose to similar levels as in control rats on low sodium intake. Urinary PGE2 was markedly reduced (148 +/- 54 vs 536 +/- 71 ng/day, p less than 0.01) in medullary damaged rats, consistent with the renal medulla being the major source of urinary PGE2. High salt intake increased urinary PGE2 in normal and proportionally in medullary damaged rats, whereas on a low sodium intake, urinary PGE2 was not different from that on the normal diet in either group.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
This review surveys our latest research dealing with the involvement of arginine vasotocin (AVT), the avian antidiuretic hormone, and other hormones in the regulation of water and salt balance in fowl. We examined the effect of dehydration, salt loading, high- and low-salt diets, and oviposition on plasma hormone levels and analyzed them in light of our knowledge of avian osmoregulatory responses to changes in water and salt balance. Gradual dehydration and hyperosmotic loading in domestic fowl revealed consistent differences in the AVT response between groups adapted to low- and high-NaCl diets. In birds on a low-NaCl diet the sensitivity of the AVT release was significantly higher than in birds on a high-NaCl diet. These results support the concept that the link between osmotic and volume regulation is established via varying sensitivity of the AVT release. We determined the half-life of the AVT in fowls (6.3 min), a value similar to that of ADH in mammals. We found that during oviposition, plasma AVT increases by a factor of four over the normal level, a magnitude consistent with the maximal responses revealed in osmotic stimulations. We have shown that as long as drinking water is available, heat exposure has no effect on the plasma osmotic constituents and the regulatory hormones. However, combined dehydration and heat exposure resulted in pronounced osmoregulatory responses integrated with the thermoregulatory responses to maintain water and salt balance without jeopardizing the birds' ability to cope with the thermoregulatory demands.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
To determine the use and possible health risks of low-yield cigarettes, we ascertained the cigarette brands and serum thiocyanate (SCN) levels of 2,561 adult smokers (age 25-74) in population-based samples of seven upper Midwestern communities during 1980-82. Brands were coded according to December 1981 Federal Trade Commission (FTC) ratings for "tar", nicotine, and carbon monoxide (CO). Compared to 1980 data from the National Center for Health Statistics for the United States as a whole, a greater proportion of smokers in these communities smoked low-yield brands. More people with higher education than lesser and more women than men smoked low-yield cigarettes. Greater proportions of older people (65-75 years) than younger people (less than 65 years) smoked cigarettes in the highest and lowest brand yield categories. SCN, adjusted for number of cigarettes smoked and for sex, was only weakly associated with brand ratings for "tar" (r = +.12), nicotine (R = +.11), and CO (r = +.15). Furthermore, the gradient in SCN between lowest and highest quintiles of brand strength was less than 16 per cent--much lower than the 300-500 per cent gradient in smoke components implied by FTC ratings. These data add to the evidence that smoking low-yield cigarettes may not be significantly less hazardous than smoking high-yield brands.
Chlorinated hydrocarbon and polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) concentrations were determined in adipose tissue from 34 infants, 14 children in the 2nd year of life, and 2 older children. The highest mean concentration detected during the first 2 years of life was for PCBs (0.67 ppm), followed by DDT (0.57 ppm), HCB (0.23 ppm), and HCH (0.15 ppm). Concentrations of HCB and PCB, which are especially characteristic of highly industrialised countries, were considerably higher in children of German mothers than in those of Turkish mothers. All single investigated values were lower than the mean values for adults in the Federal Republic of Germany, but many were still higher than mean concentrations for adults in other parts of the world. A breakdown into children with high mothers' milk intake and those with low intake showed a highly significant association with the quantity of mothers' milk consumed: the concentration of organohalogens in adipose tissue of children with high intake was significantly higher than in those with low intake. Two tasks urgently demand our attention: the development of further ways to reduce environmental sources of organohalogen contamination and the study of the possible pathogenetic effect of these organohalogens on the health of our children.
Plasma carnitine and triglycerides were measured in five male Macaca arctoides and one female Macaca nemistrina during the course of feeding a low-fat (5.2% w/w), high carbohydrate diet and a high-fat (15.9% w/w), low carbohydrate diet. For each individual monkey, an inverse relationship was observed between plasma carnitine and triglyceride levels when the low-fat diet was fed but not when the high-fat diet was fed. The mechanism of the different responses to diet was not investigated but may be related to the primary source of the plasma triglycerides (i.e. endogenous origin or exogenous origin) or to differing hormonal effects. A close coupling between carnitine and triglyceride metabolism may be part of a sensitive homeostatic control mechanism that responds to endogenously-synthesized triglyceride.
Although malondialdehyde (MDA) is extensively metabolized to CO2, small amounts are nevertheless excreted in an acid-hydrolyzable form in rat urine. In this study, urinary MDA was evaluated as an indicator of lipid peroxidation in the diet and in the tissues. MDA was released from its bound form(s) in urine by acid treatment and determined as the TBA-MA derivative by HPLC. MDA excretion by the rat was found to be responsive to oral administration of the Na enol salt and to peroxidation of dietary lipids. Urinary MDA also increased in response to the increased lipid peroxidation in vivo produced by vitamin E deficiency and by administration of iron nitrilotriacetate. Chronic feeding of a diet containing cod liver oil led to increases in MDA excretion which were not completely eliminated by fasting or feeding a peroxide-free diet, indicating that there was increased lipid peroxidation in vivo. MDA excretion was not responsive to Se deficiency or CCl4 administration. DPPD, a biologically active antioxidant, but not BHA, a non-biologically active antioxidant, prevented the increase in MDA excretion in vitamin E deficient animals. The results indicate that MDA excretion can serve as an indicator of the extent of lipid peroxidation in the diet and, under conditions which preclude a dietary effect, as an index of lipid peroxidation in vivo.
The association of copper and zinc intake with serum total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, and glucose concentrations were studied in young adults (N=59). Three-day diet records, hair, fasting blood, and overnight urine samples were collected from each subject. Higher hemoglobin concentrations, diet zinc intake, and serum copper:zinc ratios were associated with lower HDL-cholesterol concentrations. Higher hemoglobin and hair copper concentrations were associated with higher cholesterol concentrations. Higher serum copper concentrations were associated with higher triglyceride concentrations and with lower glucose concentrations. Greater hematocrits were associated with lower triglyceride concentrations. Hemoglobin levels had the strongest relationship with cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol. These results appeared inconsistent with the hypothesis on copper:zinc imbalance and reports from animal studies.
We assessed the validity of a self-administered semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire by comparing carotene and vitamin E intake scores derived from form with plasma carotenoid and alpha-tocopherol levels among a group of 59 men and women. The simple correlation between carotene intake and plasma carotenoid was 0.29 (p = 0.02) and the partial correlation was 0.35 (p = 0.005) after adjustment for age, sex, total caloric intake, and plasma cholesterol and triglycerides. The simple correlation between vitamin E intake and plasma alpha-tocopherol was 0.12 (p = 0.19). However, adjustment for total caloric intake and plasma lipids each substantially increased this association so that the partial correlation adjusting simultaneously for caloric intake, plasma lipids, age, and sex was 0.34 (p = 0.006). As expected on the basis of previous randomized trials, the correlation between preformed vitamin A intake and plasma retinol was weak and not statistically significant. These data support the utility of self-administered food frequency questionnaires for use in epidemiological studies. In addition, they illustrate the importance of adjusting blood alpha-tocopherol levels for lipid concentrations when the former are used as surrogates for vitamin E intake.
This paper presents the results of an analysis of dietary alcohol use and blood pressure in representative population samples from four northern California cities surveyed in 1979-1980 as part of the Stanford Five City Project. The pooled samples included 883 men and 959 women aged 20-74 who were not taking blood pressure medications. Blood pressure was obtained while seated using a standard manometer. Alcohol was assessed by self-report of usual intake. In men, age-specific analysis revealed a positive association between dietary alcohol and both systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). The association was linear in men aged 20-34 and 50-74 and was stronger in the oldest men. Both linear and quadratic terms were significant for men aged 35-49. This association remained significant in a linear regression model that included age, relative weight, income, education, physical activity, cigarette use, and untimed urinary sodium/creatinine; for alcohol in ml/day in men aged 50-74, beta = 0.21, p = 0.0001, R2 = 0.32 for SBP; beta = 0.09, p = 0.0002, R2 = 0.18 for DBP. In women, alcohol use was significantly associated with blood pressure only in those above age 49 and was more striking in those not taking estrogens; this association was also independent of the same variables listed above for men (beta = 0.43, p = 0.0001, R2 = 0.23 for SBP; beta = 0.17, p = 0.001, R2 = 0.13 for DBP). Multiple logistic analyses with hypertension as a dichotomous dependent variable and including all subjects showed similar results. These results could be due to any one or more of the following hypotheses: 1) a biologic response to alcohol in older men and in older women that is different from the response in younger persons; 2) a delayed effect of alcohol use on blood pressure; 3) effects of a different pattern of alcohol use in the different age groups; or 4) the presence of some unmeasured confounding factor in the older age groups.
A possible association between dietary salt intake and blood pressure was investigated in an unselected sample of 188 healthy Neapolitan men. In univariate analysis diastolic pressure was positively correlated with age, body mass index and 24-h excretion of sodium, potassium and creatinine, but not with urine volume or sodium: potassium ratio. Systolic pressure was also related to age, body mass index and 24-h sodium, but to a lesser degree. As a high level of intercorrelation was apparent, multivariate analysis was also carried out. Body mass index was shown to be the variable having the largest influence on diastolic pressure variability: nevertheless a significant independent role was still found for 24-h urinary sodium when the latter was included in a regression along with body mass index, age, urine volume and potassium excretion. These results seem to support the possibility that dietary salt has a substantial influence on blood pressure levels.
A conscious dog model was employed to evaluate the relationship among myocardial oxygen consumption (MVO2), myocardial adenosine release and coronary blood flow (CNF) during graded treadmill exercise. Two methods were utilized simultaneously as indexes of changes in interstitial adenosine concentrations, (1) a pericardial infusate technique and (2) to measurement of arterial-coronary sinus plasma adenosine concentration differences. Graded exercise was associated with graded increases in MVO2, CBF, pericardial infusate adenosine concentration (PI Ado) and adenosine washout in coronary plasma. Regression analysis demonstrated significant linear relationships for MVO2 v. CBF (r = 0.78, P less than 0.01), MVO2 v. PI Ado (r = 0.52, P less than 0.01), and PI Ado v. CBF (r = 0.76, P less than 0.01). Coronary plasma adenosine arterio-sinus differences, sinus plasma concentrations, and net washout of adenosine also increased with graded exercise, however, a significant inter-animal variance was noted. These data suggest that the plasma adenosine assay is capable of detecting directional (qualitative) changes associated with changes in cardiac metabolism, however, it may not be reliable as a quantitative indicator of interstitial adenosine concentrations due to multiple factors which may influence the plasma adenosine pool. The pericardial infusate technique, which presumably represents a model of diffusion, is relatively invariant by comparison. The results demonstrate a significant correlation among MVO2, PI Ado and CBF, and thereby provide support to the hypothesis that adenosine is a major factor in the coupling of myocardial oxygen demand to oxygen supply under physiological conditions.
Five hundred and fifty nine samples of human head hair from 32 locations in 13 countries were analysed for mercury. Tests of different techniques for cleaning and storing samples showed that at ambient air mercury concentrations contamination of samples is undetectable. Arithmetic mean mercury concentrations for people who ate fish 1-4 times each month were: Australia, 2.5 ppm; Canada, 1.2 ppm; China, 0.9 ppm; West Germany, 0.5 ppm; Hong Kong, 3.0 ppm; Italy, 1.5 ppm; Japan, 3.9 ppm; Monaco, 1.7 ppm; New Zealand, 1.3 ppm; Papua New Guinea, 1.8 ppm; South Africa, 1.9 ppm; U.K., 1.6 ppm and USA, 2.4 ppm. The differences are believed to be due to diet and environment. Mean hair mercury concentrations were significantly different for the group that ate fish once or less a month (1.4 ppm) once a fortnight (1.9 ppm) once a week (2.5 ppm) and once or more a day (11.6 ppm). Simplified models of mercury pathways in the environment and man are presented. Hair mercury concentrations measured here and those reported in the literature suggested that the weighted mean hair mercury concentration of people living in both northern and southern hemispheres at latitudes greater than 40 degrees had hair mercury concentrations which were significantly lower than at other latitudes, even in industrialized countries. It is suggested that lower soil temperatures could retard mercury volatilization and inhibits its movement into pathways which get back to man.
Effects of dietary crude proteins on constituents of plasma and uterine secretions were examined at various stages of the estrous cycle of high producing Holstein cows. Eighteen cows were assigned randomly to isocaloric diets (74% total digestible nutrients) containing either 12 or 23% crude protein (dry matter) on day 40 postpartum. Uterine secretion and coccygeal blood samples were collected at estrus, days 5 and 15 of the first estrous cycle after day 50 postpartum, and at the subsequent estrus. The 23% crude protein diet resulted in higher concentrations of ammonia in blood, urea in blood plasma and uterine secretion, and phosphorus and potassium in plasma. Zinc increased during the estrous cycle in plasma of cows fed 23% crude protein and decreased in cows fed 12% crude protein. Magnesium concentrations in uterine secretions were lower in cows on 23% crude protein. Potassium and phosphorus also were lower in uterine secretions of cows fed 23% crude protein but only during the luteal phase of the estrous cycle. Zinc concentrations in uterine secretions decreased faster during the estrous cycle in cows fed 12% crude protein than in cows fed 23% crude protein. Thus, the crude protein content of the diet altered concentrations in blood of ammonia and concentrations in plasma of urea, phosphorus, potassium, and zinc. Crude protein content of the diet altered concentrations in uterine secretion of urea, magnesium, potassium, phosphorus, and zinc.
Five leguminous and eight nonleguminous foods were analyzed for polyphenol concentration by the Prussian Blue and the Folin Denis methods and correlated with blood glucose response (glycemic index) in normal or diabetic volunteers. Polyphenol concentrations and intakes per 50 g available carbohydrate portions were higher in the leguminous foods than those in the nonleguminous foods. In both normal and diabetic individuals, a negative correlation was observed between glycemic index and the concentration or total intake of polyphenols. Polyphenols, especially the large polymeric type or condensed tannins, appear to be responsible in part for the reduced glycemic response to carbohydrate foods and in part to lower blood glucose response to legumes compared with cereal products.
Two hundred thirty-three randomly selected families provided a population for studying the effects of familial relationships, age, diet, body weight, and urinary electrolyte excretion on blood pressure. There was a strong familial component for urinary sodium, potassium, and creatinine excretion and for systolic blood pressure. In individuals, age, heart rate, and body weight were independently related to blood pressure. In women, urinary sodium and potassium levels were related to diastolic blood pressure. These individual relationships persisted when age was accounted for but were no longer significant after adjusting for both age and body weight, suggesting that heavier people eat more food, which in our culture means greater sodium intake. In fact, our randomly selected families were eating as much sodium (130 to 170 meq/day) and as little potassium (50 to 70 meq/day) as consumed by Americans several decades ago. Furthermore, this study again documented the rise in blood pressure with age, which may represent the effect of environmental influences on blood pressure over time. The familial aggregation of urinary sodium, potassium, and creatinine excretion, along with the well-established familial aggregation of body weight, emphasizes the importance of the entire family in the treatment and prevention of hypertension.
It is a paradox that intra-population studies fail to show significant correlation between sodium excretion and blood pressure while a clear relationship exists in cross-cultural studies. Since daily variation of sodium excretion is high, the discrepancy between the two observations could be due to non-comparable data on sodium excretion. This is a discussion of the hypothesis that the finding of a significant correlation or not between sodium excretion and blood pressure depends on the statistical analysis of the data.
From the records of an automated multi-phasic health testing centre, daily drinkers in four alcohol consumption groups were each separately matched for sex, age and obesity to a single non-drinker control. All subjects satisfied strict eligibility criteria selected to exclude the effects of other factors known to influence blood pressure or renal function or both. The 5500 pairs of subjects were compared for systolic and diastolic blood pressure and serum creatinine. After allowing for smoking, drinkers had significantly elevated blood pressure compared with their controls, and the elevation was greater the heavier the alcohol intake, except for the heaviest drinking females. This result was more pronounced in males than females, and for systolic than diastolic blood pressure. By contrast, smoking cigarettes was shown to be associated with lower blood pressure, independent of sex and drinking history. Smoking was also associated with a decreased serum creatinine concentration as was drinking three or more drinks per day. However, drinkers of two or fewer drinks daily had higher serum creatinine concentrations than their non-drinker controls.
Hepatic-Aid is purported to ameliorate encephalopathy and promote positive nitrogen balance in protein-intolerant, cirrhotic patients by correcting their imbalanced amino acid profile. This study evaluated Hepatic-Acid by comparing a 50-g Casein diet with an identical diet with 20-g Casein/30-g Hepatic-Aid per day in a cross-over study. Four patients with biopsy-proven stable cirrhosis, encephalopathy, and under-nutrition were studied. Each study period included three days of equilibration and eight days of metabolic balance, with the following measured at baseline and on balance days 5 and 8: routine biochemistry, fasting ammonia, psychometric tests, EEG, and plasma amino acid profiles. There was no significant change in clinical status, routine biochemistry, fasting ammonia, psychometrics or EEG between the two study periods. Mean (+/-SD) nitrogen balance on the Casein diet at 1.5 +/- 1.5 g/day was not significantly different from that on the Hepatic-Aid diet at 1.5 +/- 1.2 g/day. Plasma amino acid profiles showed a significant fall (p less than 0.05) in fasting and intraprandial tyrosine (tyr) and phenylalanine (phe) on Hepatic-Aid, but only intraprandial leucine (leu), isoleucine (ile), and valine (val) were significantly increased (p less than 0.05) on Hepatic-Aid. The ratio leu + ile + val to tyr + phe was significantly increased (p less than 0.05) on Hepatic-Aid. It is concluded that Hepatic-Aid, as given in this study, maintains N balance similar to Casein, alters the amino acid profile towards normal, but does not ameliorate encephalopathy.
To survey risk factors in coronary heart disease in Finnish children, fasting serum specimens from 244 healthy 8-yr-old boys were analyzed for the fatty acid composition of cholesterol esters (CE), triglycerides (TG), free fatty acids (FFA), and phospholipids (PL). A qualitative dietary survey was made by asking parents to answer a questionnaire including, among others, a question on the kind of fat usually used on bread by the child. The mean percentages of linoleate (18:2) in serum cholesterol esters, triglycerides, free fatty acids, and phospholipids were 53.1, 13.5, 11.5, and 22.7%, respectively, which represent an international average. The quality of dietary fat had a clear influence on serum fatty acids, eg, the content of 18:2 in CE was 56.8 +/- 3.6% in boys using soft vegetable margarine and 50.5 +/- 3.6% in those using butter. The former had also a marginally lower serum total cholesterol (4.87 +/- 0.86 mmol/l) than the latter (5.08 +/- 0.80 mmol/l). Serum total cholesterol showed significant negative correlations with the percentage of 18:2 in all four lipid fractions, the highest r values being with PL-18:2 (-0.41) and CE-18:2 (-0.24). Accordingly, serum cholesterol was lower in the highest CE-18:2 quartile (4.67 +/- 0.76 mmol/l) compared with the lowest (5.30 +/- 0.70 mmol/l; p less than 0.001). The results indicate that when serum fatty acids are used as indicators of the quality of dietary fat, a negative association between polyunsaturated fat and serum cholesterol may be demonstrable even within a free-living population.
The previous finding (Am J Clin Nutr 1981;34:2376-81) that the serum level of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol is positively correlated with the serum concentration of zinc (r = +0.81; p less than 0.01) led us to evaluate further the zinc-HDL relationship as affected by dietary cholesterol. The two diets, one control diet containing no cholesterol and the other containing 1% cholesterol, were isocalorically formulated with an equal but adequate level of zinc. Cholesterol feeding produced a significant decrease in the serum level of HDL cholesterol at 8th wk of dietary treatment and a significant increase in very low density lipoprotein cholesterol at 4th and 8th wk. At the same intervals of dietary treatment, significant decreases in serum zinc levels were observed in cholesterol-fed rats; no changes were noted in the serum levels of other related elements such as copper, calcium, and magnesium. Linear regression analysis of the 44 pairs of serum HDL and zinc values revealed a significant positive correlation (r = +0.57; p less than 0.01) between the two parameters. The rather selective lowering of serum zinc due to cholesterol feeding and the observation of the positive serum zinc-HDL relationship observed in the present and previous studies warrant further investigation into the role of zinc in cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein metabolism.
The relationship of acid secretion to blood flow and oxygen consumption was investigated in the isolated canine stomach during intraarterial infusion of pentagastrin. Blood flows above and below control values were achieved by pump perfusion and partial arterial occlusion, respectively. When blood flow was increased from a control value of 38 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1 to 85 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1, both acid secretion and oxygen consumption remained constant at 0.08 mEq X min-1 X 100 g-1 and 2.1 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1, respectively. A reduction in blood flow to 9.0 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1 caused acid secretion and oxygen consumption to decrease to 26% and 44% of control values, respectively. The results indicate that acid secretion is independent of blood flow at flow rates above 38 ml X min-1 X 100 g-1. A model of the interrelationships between blood flow, oxygen consumption, and acid secretion is proposed that may explain much of the conflict in the literature concerning these three parameters.
The association of blood pressure with reported intake of salt, saturated fats, and alcohol was studied in a sample of 8479 subjects based on a cross sectional survey in a population aged 30 to 64 years. A consistent association was found between the mean arterial pressure and the intake of alcohol (p less than 0.001) and saturated fats (p less than 0.01). There was also a weak association between blood pressure and dietary salt intake, but this association was mostly explained by the correlation of salt intake with alcohol and saturated fats. The observed relationships support the hypothesis that blood pressure is influenced by diet.
The association of diet with low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and total triglycerides, as well as with total and very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C), was investigated in a random sample of 4374 white participants aged 20 to 59 years seen by the Lipid Research Clinic Prevalence Study. Carbohydrate and total calories were negatively associated with LDL-C. There was also a statistically significant positive association of LDL-C with the percentage of total calories from fat. These three findings are generally consistent with what other cross-sectional studies have reported for the relation of diet with total cholesterol levels. The only diet variables significantly related to triglyceride levels in both men and women were the percentage of calories from fats, particularly polyunsaturated fatty acids (PFA), the P/S ratio, and the number of grams of PFA per day, all of which were inversely associated with the level of this lipid.
1. The electrolyte and water composition of urine and ileal fluid was studied in six patients with ileostomies during dietary sodium deprivation and at the same time measurements were made of plasma renin activity, plasma aldosterone concentration, renal aldosterone excretion and plasma arginine vasopressin concentration. 2. In each subject there was a reduction in renal sodium excretion within 24 h of sodium deprivation. Significant rises in plasma renin activity, plasma aldosterone concentration and renal aldosterone excretion occurred by day 2 of sodium deprivation. 3. There was only modest conservation of sodium by the ileum during sodium deprivation, but ileal potassium concentration rose progressively. There were significant associations between ileal-fluid potassium concentration and plasma renin activity or renal aldosterone excretion. 4. Under the conditions of the experiment a diuresis was observed in each subject during dietary sodium deprivation. This did not appear to depend on changes in plasma arginine vasopressin concentration.
In the Chicago Western Electric Company study, diet was assessed at the initial examination, in 1957-1958, of 1900 middle-aged men and again at their second examination about one year later. At the first examination, lipid composition of the diet, as summarized by a score based on the formula of Keys, Anderson and Grande (Grande, F. Predicting change in serum cholesterol from change in lipid composition of the diet. In: Lauer RM, Shekelle RB, eds. Childhood Prevention of Atherosclerosis and Hypertension. New York: Raven Press, 1980:145-53), was positively associated with level of serum cholesterol. Between the first and second examinations, however, hypercholesterolemic men were more likely than others to have reduced intake of dietary saturated fatty acids and cholesterol. As a result, at the second examination the cross-sectional linear association between the diet score and serum cholesterol concentration was significantly positive for men with initial levels of serum cholesterol less than 250 mg/dl, significantly negative for men with initial levels of 250 mg/dl or higher and not significantly different from zero for all men together. The bias introduced by change in diet among hypercholesterolemic men differs importantly from bias due to unreliability of measurement and to interindividual differences in intrinsic level of serum cholesterol, because it can produce statistically significant but spurious correlations.
Blood glucose and plasma insulin levels during a 50 g oral glucose tolerance test were measured in a population sample of 220 people (109 men; 111 women), who also earlier recorded their diet over a 2-d period. In the men, but not the women, there was a statistically significant inverse relationship between total daily energy intake and both fasting and post-load plasma insulin concentrations. This correlation, which was independent of the degree of adiposity, may be a confounding factor in epidemiological studies relating plasma insulin levels to subsequent coronary heart disease.
Serum total cholesterol level and dietary intake were surveyed 1975--1977 in six Japanese population groups with different lifestyles, including groups in both rural (Akita and Kochi) and urban (Osaka) areas. Clerical workers in Osaka, who had the most westernized lifestyle of all the study groups, had the highest mean serum total cholesterol level (202 mg/dl for men ages 40--49 and 50--59 years), while farmers in Akita had the lowest mean serum total cholesterol level (163 mg/dl for men 40--49 years old, 159 mg/dl for men 50--59 years old, 165 mg/dl for men 60--69 years old). Nutrient intake data for mean ages 40--59 years showed 23% of calories from fat for clerical workers in Osaka, the highest among the study groups, whereas farmers in Akita showed a low level of 14%. The ratio of dietary polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids was over 1.1 for all groups. Cholesterol intake was 339--487 mg/day. Total carbohydrate as a percentage of calories was 53--65%; 75--80% of carbohydrate energy was ingested from cereals. Sugar accounted for less than 3.5% of total calories. In the cross-group correlation analysis between dietary lipid intake and serum total cholesterol, a significant strong positive correlation was found between the dietary lipid factor (phi) of Keys et al. and the mean serum total cholesterol level. A weak but significant correlation was observed between the dietary lipid factor and serum total cholesterol for individual inhabitants of Osaka.
Approximately 0.5 g of hair samples free from medicated shampoos, bleaches and dyes were collected from 115 subjects from the occipitonuchal region. Prior to the analyses, the samples were thoroughly washed and dried in a gravity convection oven until consistent weight was obtained. A 100-mg portion of the cut up and thoroughly mixed sample in duplicate was used for the analysis of selenium (Se) by a fluorometric technique. The results were treated statistically. The level varied from 0.55 in the elderly to 0.76 microgram/g of hair in adolescents. A decline of Se was noted in the groups of ages 16-40 yrs, the levels being 0.64 to 0.59 microgram/g of hair. From groups 41-60 yrs no increase was seen in the Se content, the lowest level noted was in group 61-70 yrs. These differences between groups were found to be statistically significant (P less than 0.05). No significant correlation was found between the Se content of hair and diet. The levels in hair and serum of patients with cardiovascular disease were significantly low (P less than 0.05), the levels being 0.49 microgram/g of hair and 0.10 microgram/ml of serum. It was also noted that there was no correlation between Se in hair and serum of the same individuals. Further work using larger samples is necessary to shed more light on these relationships.
1. The relationships between plasma very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) plus low density lipoprotein (LDL) triglyceride concentrations at 3 and 7 weeks of age and body fat content at 7 weeks were studied in male and female broiler grandparent stock fed on diets containing about 25 or 90 g fat/kg. 2. Plasma VLDL plus LDL triglyceride concentrations were similar in males and females and only slightly higher in birds fed on the high-fat diet. Concentrations at 3 weeks were similar to those at 7 weeks. 3. Body fat content was correlated more closely with plasma VLDL plus LDL triglyceride measured at 7 weeks than at 3 weeks. 4. Phenotypic correlations between body fat content and plasma VLDL plus LDL triglyceride concentrations at 7 weeks were 0.47 and 0.43 for males and females respectively fed on the high-fat diet and 0.70 and 0.60 for males and females fed on the low-fat diet. 5. Phenotypic correlations between body fat content and measurements with an abdominal caliper were 0.35 and 0.49 in birds fed on the high- and low-fat diets respectively. 6. A possible procedure for selecting for leanness in broiler breeding programmes on the basis of measurements of plasma VLDL plus LDL triglycerides is discussed.
Isonitrogenous diets supplemented with 10% cellulose, 10% wheat bran, or 10% fish meal were fed to White Leghorn hens from 245 to 322 days of age. Neither body weights nor egg production of the hens fed these diets differed significantly from those of controls fed a corn-soybean meal basal diet. Supplemental fish meal and wheat bran did not significantly affect liver weight or liver lipids, although serum lipids of the hens fed the diet containing fish meal were significantly lower than those of the hens fed the basal diet. The hens fed the cellulose-supplemented diet, however, exhibited significantly decreased liver weights, serum lipids, and liver lipids, which were accompanied by a significant increase in excreta lipid. It is speculated that lipid excretion may be involved in some dietary induced alterations in the hepatic lipid concentration of laying chickens.
Plasma glutathione peroxidase activity is markedly reduced in dietetically treated patients with PKU or MSUD in comparison to health children of the same age. This is due to the low selenium content of their diet. During supplementation with yeast rich in selenium (200 micrograms selenium per day) for 3 months 2 healthy adults did not show any significant change of their plasma GSHPx activity. 5 dietetically treated patients with PKU or MSUD and a reduced selenium state showed a rapid increase of the plasma GSHPx activity after selenium supplementation were started with 120 micrograms Se/m2 x d. The values doubled within the first two days and reached a plateau after 1--3 weeks. The patients showed no clinical anomalities before or during the selenium supplementation besides the inherited defect of amino acid metabolism. Plasma GSHPx activity seems to be a good indicator of short-term changes of selenium intake in patients with reduced selenium state.
It is possible to determine oxygen consumption rate in human seminal plasma through voltammetric measurements. The seminal fluid of the sterile patients in this investigation was characterized by an anomalous sperm motility. Also studied was a control group of proven fertile subjects. The mean value of oxygen consumption resulted greater in the reduced sperm motility group than in the control group. The polyaminoxidase system is the most important factor in oxygen consumption in seminal plasma; however, it is likely that the high toxicity of polyamine degradation products is the cause of reduced and/or anomalous sperm motility in some seminal fluids.
Studies on the occurrence of urinary stone disease in Leeds between 1960 and 1980 show that there was an increase in the number of stones formed during the period 1960-1970, a fall between 1972 and a subsequent rise between 1977 and 1980. The fluctuations in stone incidence were accounted for almost entirely by changes in the number of 'pure' calcium oxalate stones and, to a lesser extent, the number of uric acid stones produced. The incidence patterns of these types of stone closely reflected changes in the consumption of animal protein in the population as a whole during the same period. There were no parallel changes either in the number of stones consisting of a mixture of calcium oxalate and calcium phosphate or in the number of infection stones.
Protein-energy undernutrition has its most devastating consequences during growth. Postal somatic growth now appears to be regulated in large part by the somatomedins, a family of growth hormone-dependent peptide mitogens. This study, using growing rats as the model, was designed to determine the relationship between protein and energy intake and serum immunoreactive somatomedin-C. Four-week-old male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed ad libitum three levels of isoenergetic protein diets (5%, 10%, and 15% lactalbumin) at each of three levels of energy (ad libitum, 75% or 50% of ad libitum quantities). Dietary fat was held constant at 11.9% as cottonseed oil. At 5 weeks of age, serum somatomedin-C concentration was predominately influenced by the dietary protein and increased linearly as protein intake increased from 5% to 15%. at 6, 9, and 12 weeks of age, serum somatomedin-C concentration was influenced by both protein and energy intake, although protein intake appeared to be the more important variable. Serum somatomedin-C was highly correlated with both body weight (r = 0.84, P less than 0.001) and tail length (r = 0.74, P less than 0.01). These results indicate that measurement of immunoreactive somatomedin-C provides a valuable biochemical index of protein-energy nutriture.
Blood pressure, diet, urinary electrolyte excretion, and body form were studied in 264 traditional nomadic herdsmen of the Qash'qai tribe, southern Iran. The population sample included male and female members over 14 yr of age at six winter campsites. Interviews established biological age, any experience of nonnomadic living, and 24-h dietary recall. Height, weight, triceps skinfolds, and blood pressure were measured. Overnight urine samples were analyzed for sodium, potassium, and creatinine. Samples of dietary staples were analyzed for selected nutrients and electrolyte content. Urinary sodium excretion averaged 186 mEq/24 h in males, and 141 mEq/24 h in females. Urinary Na/K ratios were 3.64 and 3.24 in males and females, respectively. Systolic, diastolic, and mean blood pressure in both males and females increased significantly with age. Blood pressure greater than or equal to 140/90 was found in 12% of males and 18% of females age 30 yr or over. Body weight showed no tendency to increase with age in either sex. Systolic and mean blood pressure correlated with urinary sodium excretion in males and with urinary Na/K ratio in females. From cultural observations, the population sample was considered to be at a low level of acculturation. The data suggest that blood pressure trends in this population are related to habitual dietary electrolyte intake.
Yearling beef heifers were offered drinking water (0.8 mg of B/L of water) to which 0, 15, 30, 60, or 120 mg of B/L of water was added for 10-day periods. Feed and water consumption were unaffected by treatments. There were no overt signs of toxicosis. Increased B ingestion increased plasma and urine B concentrations. The percentage of renally filtered B that was excreted was increased with the 30, 60, and 120 mg of B/L of water treatments, and B clearance exceeded endogenous creatinine clearance with these treatments. Ingesting increased amounts of B was associated with decreased plasma PO4(-3) concentration and increased renal clearance and urinary excretion of PO4(-3). The B status of cattle can be predicted from plasma or urine B concentrations. Results indicated that prediction can be made from the B/creatinine ratio of urine. With an induced urine sample, the equation for predicting B ingestion is Y = -67.79 + 976.74X - 141.91X2 (r = 0.96; Syx = 121.57) where Y is B in milligrams per 100 kg of body weight per day, and X is the ratio of urine B (mg/L of urine) to creatinine (mg/L of urine).
One-day-old broiler chicks were adapted to a basal, isolated soyprotein-cornstarch diet containing 20% protein, 0.59% methionine and 3,300 kcal metabolizable energy (ME)/kg. They were then fed experimental diets consisting of three levels (0, 500, 1,000 ppm) of copper added to each of the basal diet plus four levels (0, 0.4, 0.8, or 1.5%) of L-methionine for 1 or 4 weeks. Growth was retarded after 1 week by all levels of supplementary methionine, and by 500 or 1,000 ppm excess copper. The plasma concentrations of free methionine, serine, alpha-aminobutyric acid and cystathionine were increased by excess dietary methionine. Excess copper prevented the increase in plasma methionine. After 4 weeks, the plasma methionine concentration and rate of growth of chicks fed 0.4% excess L-methionine did not differ significantly from basal values. The growth retardation caused by 500 ppm excess copper was alleviated by 0.4% supplemental methionine, and the elevations in plasma methionine and liver and spleen iron concentrations observed in chicks fed 1.5% excess methionine were reduced by 1,000 ppm excess copper. The patterns of the relationship between dietary methionine and liver or spleen iron, in the presence or absence of supplementary copper, were similar to those between dietary and free plasma methionine.
We have carried out a cross-sectional multivariate analysis of serum and lipoprotein lipid levels in white persons from an industrial population. Very low density lipoprotein triglyceride level was independent of ethanol consumption but increased with adiposity and cigarette smoking and decreased with coffee-tea drinking. Concomitant age variation in indices of adiposity accounted for only a small part of the sex-specific age trends in triglyceride level. Very low density lipoprotein cholesterol level was independent of all variables considered when controlled for very low density lipoprotein triglyceride. Low density lipoprotein cholesterol covaried with very low density lipoprotein triglyceride among normotriglyceridemic persons. Small increases in low density lipoprotein cholesterol level with adiposity and cigarette smoking appeared to reflect associated increases in very low density lipoprotein triglyceride. Increased low density lipoprotein cholesterol level with age, however, was largely independent of concomitant age variation in very low density lipoprotein triglyceride. High density lipoprotein cholesterol level increased with ethanol consumption and decreased with adiposity and cigarette smoking even after adjustment for its inverse relationship with very low density lipoprotein triglyceride.
Coagulation and platelet aggregation induced by thrombin, ADP, adrenaline, and collagen were studied in three contrasted groups, each of 20 to 22 middle-aged male farmers. Serum lipids were similar in the three groups. In the west of Scotland group, however, platelet reactivity was significantly greater than in the east of Scotland. This was associated with a dietary intake, evaluated by three different techniques, higher in saturated fat but also lower in polyunsaturated fat and alcohol. Platelet function in the southern England group also correlated with dietary fats and in addition inversely with calcium intake. On an individual basis in the 63 farmers, all the platelet function tests were significantly correlated with the intake of saturated fat regulated by that of calcium and alcohol. The dietary effects on platelets appear to be mediated by the fatty acid composition of plasma lipids and of platelet phospholipids. In that fraction, the fatty acids 20:3 omega 9, 22:3 omega 9 and 20:4 were the most closely related to the platelet function tests. the trienoic acid 20:3 omega 9, identified with essential fatty acid deficiency, was also correlated with the intake of saturated fat and calcium. In this study, platelet functions were more dependent upon the dietary factors associated with coronary heart disease such as saturated fats, calcium, and alcohol than upon serum lipids.
Based on literature data, the hypothesis is advanced that in human subjects a direct mathematical relationship exists between the average fatty acid composition of the habitual diet and that of the lipid stores of subcutaneous adipose tissue. Since the half-life of adipose tissue fatty acids in man is in the order of 600 days, the fatty acid pattern of depot fat provides a qualitative measure of the fat intake over a period of 2 to 3 years. It is concluded that in long-term experimental and epidemiological nutritional surveys the adipose tissue fatty acid pattern of the subjects is a useful index of the average composition of their habitual dietary fat.
In a 13-wk trial Holstein cows in mid-lactation were fed four diets containing natural selenium alone or supplemented with .1, .2, or .5 mg of inorganic selenium per kilogram of diet. Dietary selenium concentration averaged .334, .385, .456, and .772 mg/kg. Selenium plasma in wk 7 averaged .112 mu/ml with no differences among treatments; milk selenium ranged from .040 to .046 mu/ml and was higher in the two higher selenium diets. In wk 13 selenium in plasma and milk averaged .119 and .054 with no treatment differences. The 7 and 13 wk concentrations were higher than pretrial .084 and .033 mu/ml for plasma and milk during which time dietary selenium concentration was .254 mg/kg. Selenium concentration increased linearly from about .08 to .120 mu/ml of plasma and about .030 to .055 mu/ml of milk as intake of selenium increased from about 2 to 6 mg/day. Increase in selenium intake from 6 to 12 mg/day resulted in little change in plasma and milk selenium. Moderate concentrations of dietary selenium (.3 to .7 mg/kg) do not result in toxic amounts of selenium in milk.
We examined the associations of diet and alcohol consumption with levels of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol using cross-sectional data from 4855 white participants, ages 20 years and older, seen at visit 2 of the Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study. There was a strong positive gradient of HDL cholesterol levels with reported amount of alcohol intake in both men and women, regardless of type of alcoholic beverage consumed. We found a difference in HDL cholesterol levels between the two groups of participants who reported no alcohol consumption during the past week. Those who said that they never drank had lower mean HDL cholesterol levels than those who reported that they did drink but had not consumed any alcohol during the past week. Weaker inverse relations (p < 0.05) were found between HDL cholesterol levels and intakes of total carbohydrate sucrose and starch (percent calories and grams). Dietary saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat intakes were unrelated to HDL cholesterol levels; similarly, no association was seen for HDL cholesterol and total calories and total fat. Cholesterol intake (mg and mg/1000 calories) was generally unrelated to HDL cholesterol levels, except in women not taking exogenous gonadal hormones.
Rats were fed for 20 weeks balanced purified diets solely enriched in fat, to determine whether, as in diets containing cholesterol and cholic acid, it was mostly the common dietary long chain saturated fatty acids (16:0 and 18:0) which could induce platelet function abnormalities. The dietary fats rich in 16:0 and 18:0 induced increased thrombin and adenosine diphosphate (ADP) platelet aggregation and an acceleration of the platelet-rich plasma clotting time. These effects on platelet functions were coupled with increased levels of 20:3 omega 6 and 20:3 omega 9 in total platelet phospholipids and a decrease of 22:4 and 24:4 omega 6 in the platelet phosphatidyl ethanolamine. Fatty acids that most closely correlated with thrombin aggregation and plasma clotting time (r = 0.99) were 20:3 omega 9 and 22:4 omega 6. There was no relationship between the effects of dietary fats on blood lipids and on blood platelets. Consequently, in different experimental models in rats, the dietary long chain saturated fatty acids appear to be responsible for certain platelet function abnormalities (clotting activity, response to thrombin aggregation). These platelet abnormalities might be due to changes in the platelet phospholipid fatty acid composition.
The lag period preceding the burst of oxygen consumption by phagocytes was measured with an oxygen electrode after the addition of unopsonized zymosan in CO-treated and diluted whole blood. The duration of the lag period correlated with the phagocytic index (r = 0.98, p < 0.001). The phagocytic index was defined as the mean number of zymosan particles per phagocyte. The lag period was termed opsonizing time and used for evaluation of plasma opsonizing activity. The opsonizing time was found to be inversely related to the plasma concentration used (< 15%) and was independent of phagocyte concentration. Magnesium ions were required throughout the opsonizing time, but calcium ions were essential only during the initial phase, indicating that the alternative complement pathway plays a major role in the observed opsonizing time. The mean opsonizing times in blood from normal adults and newborn infants were 5.6 +/- 0.7 min (n = 7) and 9.1 +/- 0.7 (n = 4), respectively. The opsonizing time, expressed as its reciprocal value, correlated significantly with phagocytic index, CH50 activity, and immunochemically assayed C3, but not C4, concentration in plasma.
The present study found no link between the intake of energy and various nutrients, on the one hand, and high or low blood pressure (BP) in women, on the other. Sixty women not on treatment for hypertension were selected from a defined population and examined, applying the duplicate portion technique, with respect to the relationships between BP and the intake of energy and nutrients. They were selected from above the 95th percentile for BP (group A) and from below the 30th (group B). The two groups were age-matched. The food sampling comprised six days, divided into three periods of two consecutive days within a period of four weeks. Twenty-four hour urine specimens were collected in each period and on two other occasions. The mean values for intake of energy, fat, protein, carbohydrates, minerals and electrolytes did not differ between the two groups despite the large differences in BP and obesity. The mean values for urinary excretion of minerals, electrolytes and nitrogen (calculated as crude protein) did not differ between groups. The present findings for the effect of salt on BP do not justify restriction of the salt intake as a means for decreasing BP in the population.
In this study of a normal population from a Midland factory, obesity showed a direct relationship to serum triglyceride and cholesterol levels in males but not in females. High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and apolipoprotein A1 levels were not related to obesity in either sex. Alcohol consumption was associated with increased serum triglyceride levels in males but not in females and serum HDL cholesterol levels were also higher in male drinkers only. Cigarette smoking was associated with increased serum triglyceride levels in both sexes but HDL cholesterol levels were reduced only in female smokers. Apolipoprotein A1 levels were not related to smoking in females.
Semi-purified diets supplemented with either a high alpha-linolenate (n - 3) (perilla) oil or a high linoleate (n - 6) (safflower) oil were fed to rats through two generations. Rats fed safflower oil showed a decrease in docosahexaenoic acid (n - 3) and a compensatory increase in docosapentaenoic acid (n - 6) in all the brain regions and organelles examined, when compared with rats fed perilla oil. As reported previously, the safflower oil-fed rats exhibited inferior learning ability compared with the perilla oil-fed rats (N. Yamamoto et al., J. Lipid Res. 28, 144 (1987)). Using brains of rats in these dietary groups, the activities of several enzymes, Na+ , K+-ATPase, Ca2+-ATPase, 5'-nucleotidase, 2',3'-cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase, acetylcholinesterase, and choline acetyltransferase in membranes, were compared. The 5'-nucleotidase activity in cortex and hippocampus, and the Na+, K+-ATPase activity in myelin decreased slightly but significantly in the safflower oil group. None of the other membrane-associated enzyme activities in all the brain regions and organelles examined was affected significantly by the dietary fatty acids under optimal assay conditions in vitro. However, in the safflower oil group, the Na+, K+-ATPase activity of synaptosomes at a suboptimal concentration of ATP was 78% that in the perilla oil group. These results suggest that relatively large changes in the proportions of n - 3 and n - 6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in brain membranes caused by dietary manipulation do not provoke significant alterations in most membrane-bound enzyme activities. However, a small but significant change in Na+, K+-ATPase activity at a suboptimal concentration of ATP may be implicated in the altered learning behavior reported earlier.
The relationship between frequency of consumption of eleven indicator foods (milk, meat, liver, carrots, green vegetables, fruit, eggs, ham, fish, cheese and alcohol) and serum cholesterol was investigated in the comparison group of a case-control study of acute myocardial infarction conducted in Italy. Data were collected on 792 subjects from various Italian regions, admitted to hospital for acute conditions unrelated to any known or potential risk factor for myocardial infarction or to long-term modifications in diet. No statistically or epidemiologically meaningful relationship emerged between serum cholesterol level and frequency of consumption of any of these foods. Cholesterol levels rose according to increasing consumption tertiles for most of the indicator foods considered. Higher values for the higher tertile of consumption were observed for meat, ham and eggs, but also for fruit, carrots and green vegetables. However, correlation coefficients between frequency of consumption of various food items and serum cholesterol level were uniformly low for all food items considered, ranging between -0.09 (for milk) and 0.19 (for ham). Although a more comprehensive diet history may lead to different indications, the present data are not suggestive of any major influence of long-term frequency of consumption of a few selected indicator foods on serum cholesterol levels.
The prevalence of coronary artery disease (CAD) in the urban population of India is similar to that in developed countries; Indian immigrants in industrialized countries have the highest prevalence of CAD. This is a cross-sectional survey within a random sample of a single urban setting in India. The relation between risk of CAD and plasma levels of vitamins A, C, E, and beta-carotene was examined in 72 of 595 elderly subjects (12.1%) with CAD (aged 50 to 84 years). Plasma levels of vitamins A, C, E, and beta-carotene were significantly related to risk of CAD. Smoking (n = 145) and diabetes (n = 70) were the confounding factors. Lipid peroxides were higher in patients with CAD and diabetes, and in those who smoked. The inverse relation between CAD and low plasma vitamin C was substantially reduced after adjustment for smoking and diabetes. Vitamin A and E levels remained independently and inversely related to the risk of CAD after adjustment for age, smoking, diabetes, blood pressure, blood lipoproteins, and relative weight and body mass index. The adjusted odds ratios for CAD between the lowest and highest quintiles of vitamin E levels were 2.53 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.11 to 5.31), vitamin C, 2.21 (95% CI 1.12 to 3.15), and beta-carotene, 1.72 (95% CI 0.88 to 3.62). The fatty acid composition of the diet, blood lipid levels, central obesity (waist-hip ratio), smoking habits, blood pressure, and plasma insulin levels do not appear to account for high rates of CAD among elderly Indians.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The present study is a biochemical validation of a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with optical reading, i.e. containing food portion photographs to help to assess quantities. Forty-four healthy subjects, non-smokers and not taking vitamin supplements, were recruited for the study. After completion of the questionnaire, subjects were asked to keep a 7 d weighed dietary record (7DR). Three 24 h urine samples were collected on 3 different days over the week of food recording for the analysis of urea-N, P and K. On the 4th day of food recording, blood was collected for determination of alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene and ascorbic acid. N, P and K determined in urines and from 7DR were significantly correlated (Spearman rank correlation test), r values being 0.77, 0.57 and 0.42 respectively. The correlations with the FFQ were significant only for N (r 0.45) and P (r 0.39). Blood ascorbic acid and beta-carotene concentrations correlated with dietary intake when determined from 7DR (both r 0.44), but not when determined from FFQ. No correlation was found for alpha-tocopherol. The data obtained seem to prove the validity of the FFQ in defining eating patterns in terms of some nutrients, but not vitamins, at least as far as non-supplemented subjects are concerned. The way in which foods were grouped in the questionnaire could account for these results.
High vegetable intake has been associated with a decreased risk for various human cancers in epidemiological studies. Carotenoids are plant compounds that may both possess chemopreventive activity and be useful biomarkers of vegetable and fruit intake. Nineteen men and women were randomized into a controlled cross-over feeding study to measure the effect of vegetable intake on plasma carotenoid concentrations. Participants consumed each of 4 experimental diets for 9 days. The control diet consisted of commonly consumed foods and was essentially carotenoid free. High vegetable diets (carotenoid, cruciferous, and soy) consisted of the control diet plus carrots and spinach (carotenoid), broccoli and cauliflower (cruciferous), and tofu and FriChik (soy). Plasma carotenoid concentrations were highest on the carotenoid and cruciferous diets. When compared to the control, mean plasma alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, and lutein concentrations were 5.2, 3.3 and 2.2 times higher on the carotenoid diet, respectively (P < 0.001). Mean plasma lutein concentrations were 2.1 times higher on the cruciferous versus the control diet (P < 0.001). There were no differences between diets in plasma beta-cryptoxanthin and lycopene concentrations. These data indicate that plasma alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, and lutein may be useful biomarkers of carotenoid-rich food intake and that lutein may act as an intake biomarker of commonly consumed vegetables in the Cruciferae family. These findings should prove useful in undertaking dietary intervention trials because they suggest the feasibility of monitoring intake of some plant foods and of distinguishing among plant food groups.
The association between habitual fish and marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake, and the fatty acid composition of subcutaneous fat was studied in 24 healthy young volunteers. Habitual dietary intakes were estimated from three 7-d weighted food records made at months 0, 5, and 8 of the 8-mo study period. The adipose tissue fatty acid composition of each individual was determined by gas chromatography as the mean of two gluteal biopsies, obtained in the first and the last month of the study. The daily consumption of fish and of marine n-3 PUFAs in absolute terms (g/d) was significantly associated with adipose tissue docosahexaenoic acid content (DHA; r = 0.55 and 0.58, respectively, P < 0.001), but not with eicosapentaenoic and docosapentaenoic acid contents. Our study indicates that the adipose tissue DHA content is the biomarker of choice for the assessment of long-term habitual dietary intakes of fish and marine n-3 PUFAs.
Nutritional data compiled during the Growth Failure in Children with Renal Diseases Clinical Trial were analyzed to determine the relationship between the dietary intake of divalent minerals and sodium, nutritional status, and serum calcium, phosphorus, and parathyroid hormone (PTH) concentrations and blood pressure in black versus white children. One hundred eighteen patients are included in this report; 25 were black (21%) and 93 were white (79%). Although more of the blacks were male, the age distribution, midarm circumference, midarm muscle circumference, blood pressure, and serum calcium, phosphorus, and PTH concentrations were comparable in the two groups. Phosphorus intake was within the recommended daily allowance in both groups; in contrast, calcium intake was inadequate in all patients: 81% of the recommended daily allowance in whites, and 74% in blacks. Sixteen children were noted to be hypertensive during the observation period; six patients were receiving a variety of antihypertensive medications, including diuretics in two children. Linear regression analysis revealed that systolic and diastolic blood pressures were directly related to calcium and phosphorus intake in black patients. In white children, only dietary phosphorus intake and diastolic blood pressure were directly related. There was no relationship between sodium intake or GFR and blood pressure in the white or black children. PTH levels were directly correlated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure in all children. The correlations between PTH and blood pressure were stronger in white versus black patients.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVE: To clarify the relationships between blood pressure and alcohol, nutrients and electrolytes intakes in Japanese men. DESIGN AND METHOD: A dietary survey was conducted in a rural population of Japan by the 2-day dietary record method, and blood pressure was measured with a standard sphygmomanometer. Blood pressure levels, nutrients and electrolytes intakes were compared among the non-drinkers and the tertiles of the alcohol-drinking subjects. The relationships between blood pressure and nutrients, electrolytes and alcohol intakes were also determined by multiple regression analysis. RESULTS: Age and systolic blood pressure (SBP) were positively, and percentage of energy from fat and carbohydrates was negatively, related to the drinking categories. Univariate analysis showed that SBP was significantly related to age, body mass index (BMI) and alcohol intake, and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) was also significantly related to age, BMI and alcohol intake. Both SBP and DBP had a significant inverse relationship with the percentage of energy from fat (P < 0.01). Both SBP and DBP were significantly related to drinking categories when the effects of age, BMI and percentage energy from fat intake on blood pressure were adjusted for (P < 0.001). Multiple regression analysis revealed SBP to be significantly and positively associated with age, BMI and alcohol intake, and negatively associated with potassium intake, whereas DBP was significantly and positively associated with BMI and total energy intake, and was negatively associated with potassium and the percentage of energy intake from fat and carbohydrates. CONCLUSION: The positive association between alcohol drinking and blood pressure persisted even after consideration of the effects of age, BMI and other macronutrient and electrolytes intakes. The reduction of alcohol intake should be an important public health strategy in the primary prevention of hypertension in this population. 
OBJECTIVE: To study the relation between diet and serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels in a large, homogeneous group of Spanish children. DESIGN: Survey. SETTING: Eleven schools chosen at random in Madrid City and the surrounding area. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Subjects comprised 1682 children, 2 to 12 years of age. Dietary data were obtained with a 24-hour record performed by the child's main caregiver. For statistical analysis the sample was divided into tertiles on the basis of calorie-adjusted consumption of dietary components. RESULTS: Children in the highest tertile of total fat consumption, compared with children in the lowest tertile, had significantly higher mean serum levels of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), apolipoprotein A-I (Apo A) and apolipoprotein B-100 (Apo B). When compared with children in the lowest tertile, children in the highest tertile of saturated fat consumption had significantly higher mean levels of TC, LDL-C, and Apo B, and lower mean levels of HDL-C and Apo A. Children in the highest tertile of monounsaturated fat consumption, compared with children in the lowest tertile, had significantly higher mean levels of HDL-C and Apo A, and lower mean levels of TC, LDL-C, and Apo B. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that diet composition strongly influences lipid profile in children and point out the importance of monounsaturated fatty acids as modulators of serum lipid and apolipoprotein levels. 
Apolipoprotein E (apoE) is a genetic determinant of coronary heart disease and lipid levels in several populations. We studied whether the association of apoE alleles with serum lipids varies with diet in a population of free-living young Finns. One thousand twelve subjects, aged 9-24 years, were studied as a part of the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study in 1986. Serum lipid concentrations and apoE phenotypes were determined, and the composition of the diet was assessed by the 48-h recall method. The subjects were divided into three groups according to the intake of dietary saturated fatty acids (SAFA, g/1000 kcal) and cholesterol (mg/1000 kcal). Group one (high SAFA-cholesterol group) was formed from subjects belonging to the highest tertiles of both cholesterol and SAFA intakes (n = 175); group two (middle SAFA-cholesterol group) consisted of subjects belonging to the middle respective tertiles (n = 119); and group three (low SAFA-cholesterol group) consisted of subjects belonging to the lowest respective tertiles (n = 192). The statistical significance of the association of serum total cholesterol and low density lipoprotein (LDL) concentration with apoE phenotype increased from the low SAFA-cholesterol group (P = 0.024 for total cholesterol and P = 0.015 for LDL-cholesterol, respectively) to the high SAFA-cholesterol group (P = 0.0022 and P = 0.00073, respectively). The middle SAFA-cholesterol group fell between these two groups.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Fatty fish from the Baltic Sea accumulate immunotoxic persistent organochlorine compounds. In a previous study we found inverse correlations between such fish consumption and natural killer (NK) cell levels in a Swedish population. The present study concerns 68 Latvian subjects with high, low or intermediate fish consumption. High fish consumption correlated positively with B cell levels and CD4+/CD8+ ratios, but negatively with levels of cytotoxic (CD8+) T cells. Furthermore, NK cell levels correlated inversely with plasma selenium, one of several strong correlates with fish intake. A high fish diet includes a set of possible immunomodulating agents. It is presently not possible to pinpoint the cause for the observed subset deviations or to establish their possible biological importance.
There is epidemiological evidence that a moderate consumption of alcohol could reduce coronary heart disease. To corroborate this statement and to see how the consumption of red wine affects phospholipid and fatty acid patterns and antioxidant status, a survey was conducted on 58 adult males (20-75 years old). A questionnaire was used to discover their medical history, various constitutional and life-style factors, food habits, and nutrient intake; and the type and amount of alcoholic intake were investigated by means of a questionnaire. Subjects were divided into two groups of nondrinkers and average drinkers (mean 46.5 +/- 4.4, range 30.2-63.4 g/day), and the effect of alcohol was made on the following variables: gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase, apolipoprotein AI, apolipoprotein B, total and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides, and antioxidant vitamins were determined in plasma; and phospholipids the fatty acids of phosphatidylcholine (PC) and phosphatidylethanolamine total cholesterol, alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene, and retinol were determined in red blood cells (RBCs). There were no significant differences between the two groups in protein, fat, carbohydrate, retinol equivalent, alpha-tocopherol content, and cholesterol/saturated fat index of their diet. Analysis of the plasma levels of biochemical variables--adjusted for age, smoking (number of cigarettes/day), and body mass index--showed a significant increase of gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase and apolipoprotein AI concentration in the average drinkers compared with nondrinkers. Plasma alpha-tocopherol and retinol levels were also significantly higher in average drinkers. In the latter group, ANCOVA demonstrated a lower percentage of sphingomyelin in RBCs, with a lower sphingomyelin/PC ratio.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Seventy-six gravid gilts of different genotypes, Yorkshire x Duroc (YD) and Pig Improvement Company (PIC), were used in two trials to test the effect of decreasing the dietary ratio of tryptophan: branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) on feed intake, plasma metabolites, and body weight change during a 4-wk lactation period. The dietary ratio of tryptophan: BCAA was .063 in the Control and .041 in the experimental diet (BC). Gilts were fed 1.8 kg/d from d 107 of gestation until farrowing and given ad libitum access to feed during lactation. Feed consumption was measured daily. Body weights and preprandial blood samples were taken on d 107 of gestation and on d 1, 7, 14, and 21 postpartum. Plasma glucose, NEFA, urea nitrogen, ammonia, N tau-methylhistidine, and alpha-amino nitrogen were measured. The plasma tryptophan:BCAA ratio was higher (P < .05) on d 1 postpartum than on d 107 of gestation and d 7 postpartum in the Control group. Dietary addition of BCAA (BC) reduced (P < .06) the plasma tryptophan: BCAA ratio during the early postpartum period compared with the Control group but did not affect the other plasma metabolites measured. Feed intake was lower (P < .08) between d 6 and 12 of lactation in sows fed the BC diet. Regression of d-1 plasma NEFA concentration on d-1 postpartum feed intake was significant (r2 = .41; P < .05). The PIC sows showed a tendency for positive lactation body weight response to the BC diet (P = .2), whereas the response of YD sows was not significant (P < .8).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Serum vitamin A and retinol-binding protein (RBP) levels were determined in a group of 34 children between 1 and 4 years of age with failure to thrive and in 34 age- and sex-matched controls. Both groups of children were also assessed in respect of anthropometry and diet. Vitamin A levels in patients (0-32.2 micrograms/100 ml; median 16.9 micrograms/100 ml) did not differ significantly from controls (6.4-47.2 micrograms/100 ml; median 16.1 micrograms/100ml). Fourteen patients (42%) and 4 controls (12%) had vitamin A levels below 10 micrograms/100 ml. RBP levels in patients (0.45-3.50 mg/100 ml; median 2.17 mg/100 ml) also did not differ significantly from those in controls (1.21-3.66 mg/100 ml; median 2.06 mg/100 ml). No clinical features of vitamin A deficiency were detected. Weight and height for age, weight for height, mid-upper arm circumference and head circumference differed significantly between patients and controls (P < 0.0001 in each instance). Although within the recommendations for intake, patients had a significantly lower intake of the essential fatty acid C 18:2 (N = 6) (linoleic acid) and vitamin A. In view of the current proposed relationship between vitamin A status and infectious diseases, the prevalence of biochemical vitamin A deficiency in children in the Cape Town community studied may contribute to the morbidity and mortality associated with infectious diseases in the area to a greater degree than has been suspected.
Hypocholesterolemia has been reported in epidemiologic studies to be associated with increased mortality from noncardiovascular causes. Low cholesterol concentrations have been reported in various pathologic conditions and in institutionalized elderly patients, and seem to be associated with poor outcome. The role of nutritional factors in the genesis of hypocholesterolemia was investigated in 380 free-living elderly subjects. Subjects in the lowest cholesterol quartile had lower free triidothyronine and prealbumin concentrations and a lower Folstein's score (a minimental test) than did those in the other quartiles. They did not differ from the other subjects for energy or nutrient intakes. Only 12 subjects (9 men and 3 women) had cholesterol concentrations < 3.62 mmol/L: the men had low free triidothyronine, free thyroxine, and prealbumin concentrations but normal energy and nutrient intakes, whereas the women differed from those with normal cholesterol concentrations for biological and nutritional data. These results indicate that low cholesterol concentration is a nonspecific feature of poor health status that is independent of nutrient or energy intake. The role of nutrient factors as a determinant of cholesterol concentration appears marginal in free-living elderly subjects.
We evaluated the relation between beta-carotene intake and plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of carotenoids and retinoids. In Study 1, beta-carotene intakes were significantly greater in vegetarians than in nonvegetarians. Plasma concentrations of beta-carotene were also significantly higher in vegetarians than in nonvegetarians but only after two nonvegetarians with excessive intake of carrots were omitted. Plasma retinoid (retinol, retinyl esters, and retinoic acid) concentrations were not different between the two groups. In Study 2, female subjects ingested a daily placebo or 90 mg beta-carotene for 3 wk. In the group fed beta-carotene, plasma beta-carotene concentrations were significantly increased from baseline at 1, 2, and 3 wk. No beta-carotene changes were observed in the placebo-fed group. Plasma retinoid concentrations did not change in either group. In Study 3, adipose tissue beta-carotene and retinoid concentrations were measured in men after an oral beta-carotene dose (120 mg, experimental subjects) or no beta-carotene (control subjects). In the experimental subjects, adipose beta-carotene concentrations increased from baseline at 5 and 10 d postdosing. The control group's adipose tissue beta-carotene concentration did not change over a 10-d period. Changes in retinoids in adipose tissue were not significant in either group. In conclusion, dietary and supplemental beta-carotene increased plasma beta-carotene concentrations but had no effect on plasma retinoid concentrations. There may be little tissue metabolism of beta-carotene to retinoids. Therefore, the anticarcinogenic effect of beta-carotene, if any, may be due to properties of the molecule itself.
We investigated the relationship between assessment of fatty acid intake by a 3-day food record and by capillary gas chromatography of erythrocyte phospholipid fatty acid. The study was performed in a sample of 244 men aged 45 to 66 years from the general population who were participating in the Monitoring of Cardiovascular Disease (MONICA)-Lille survey. The relationship between each nutrient and food item and erythrocyte phospholipid fatty acid was investigated by a regression model on proportion including each food item and nutrient as a dependent variable and percentage of fatty acid and covariables (nonalcoholic energy intake, age, alcohol intake, and smoking) as independent variables. Polyunsaturated fat and linoleic acid intake were positively correlated with linoleic acid content of erythrocytes (beta = 0.641 and 0.604, respectively, P < .001). Monounsaturated and saturated fat intake were correlated with oleic acid (beta = 0.375 and 0.373, respectively, P < .01). Fish intake correlated positively with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (beta = 0.383, P < .001) and negatively with arachidonic acid (beta = -0.509, P < .01). These data confirm, on a group level, a good relationship between assessment of polyunsaturated fat intake by a 3-day record and linoleic acid content of erythrocyte membranes. These data suggest that erythrocyte oleic acid content is a marker of both saturated and monounsaturated fat intake.
BACKGROUND: Serum cholesterol (TC) levels and coronary heart disease (CHD) are lower in China than in western countries. This report examines the role of diet in determining TC. METHODS: Data were collected as part of a cross-sectional study of 10,000 men and women, 35-54 years old, conducted in 1983-1984 in four areas in China. A 10% subsample was surveyed for eating patterns and measurement of blood lipids. Six one-day dietary recalls were collected on each participant. RESULTS: Mean daily intake of energy from fat was less than 30%. Mean Keys scores ranged from 20.4 to 32.6. In multivariable regression analysis controlling for age, body mass index (BMI), and alcohol, Keys score was statistically associated with serum TC. A 10-unit greater Keys score was associated with 6.3 mg/dl higher TC and 4.0 mg/dl higher low density lipoprotein cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that in China the relation of dietary factors to serum lipids is similar to that in populations having high serum TC levels. 
The usefulness of serum ferritin as a measure of subclinical stages of iron deficiency has been tested in monkeys by inducing a mild iron deficiency dietarily over a period of 12 months. Various biochemical indicators of iron status were measured periodically along with analysis of liver iron and iron staining of bone marrow samples obtained by biopsy, at the end of the experiment. A mild form of iron deficiency was confirmed by bone marrow staining for iron. Of all the biochemical indicators tested, significant decreases were seen in hemoglobin and hematocrit at the 11th and 10th months, respectively. These changes were consistent with the changes later found in bone marrow grading for iron. Serum ferritin concentration and liver iron concentration did not show any significant difference between the controls and iron-deficient monkeys. Thus, these results do not support the existence of a latent stage of iron deficiency. In the mild form of iron deficiency, the functional compartment, represented by bone marrow iron and hemoglobin, is sensitive to depletion even when there were no changes in storage compartment represented by liver iron and serum ferritin.
In a population survey of 162 rural and 152 urban subjects aged 26-65 years at Moradabad, the findings are compared with existing data on Indian immigrants to Britain and United States. In comparison with rural subjects, urban subjects had a higher prevalence of coronary artery disease (8.6 vs. 3.0%) and diabetes (7.9 vs 2.5%), higher blood pressures, total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides and postprandial 2-h blood glucose and plasma insulin similar to observations made in UK in immigrants compared to Europeans. Fasting plasma insulin and high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in urban subjects were comparable with rural subjects. Mean body weights were significantly higher in urban women, but not in men, than in rural subjects. However the body mass index (22.9 +/- 4.2 vs. 21.6 +/- 2.4 kg/m2) and waist-hip girth ratio (0.89 +/- 0.10 vs. 0.86 +/- 0.07) were significantly higher in urban men compared to rural men without such differences in women. Underlying these differences in risk factors, urban subjects had three times better socioeconomic status than rural subjects and were eating higher total and saturated fat, cholesterol and refined carbohydrates and lower total and complex carbohydrates compared to rural men and women. Energy expenditure during routine and spare time physical activity was significantly higher in rural compared to urban subjects. Those patients who had risk factors, showed lesser physical activity and had greater adverse factors in the diet compared to subjects without risk factors. Body mass index and waist-hip girth ratio in patients with risk factors were significantly higher than in subjects without risk factors. The findings suggest that decreased consumption of total and saturated fat and increased physical activity may be useful for prevention of coronary artery disease among urbans as well as in immigrants.
BACKGROUND: Cervical cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among Chinese women. Within China, a considerable geographical variation in mortality rates has been observed, but the reasons are not well understood. METHODS: Cervical cancer rates were examined in relation to indices of reproductive factors, dietary habits, and selected serum biomedical markers in 65 rural Chinese counties. RESULTS: Cervical cancer mortality rates correlated positively and significantly with antibodies to herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2) (r = 0.40, P < 0.01), serum levels of ferritin (r = 0.33, P < 0.01), body mass index (BMI) (r = 0.42, P < 0.01) and cigarette smoking (r = 0.51, P < 0.05) and negatively and significantly with age at first birth (r = -0.51, P < 0.01), consumption of green vegetables (r = -0.40, P < 0.01) and animal foods (r = -0.40, P < 0.01), and serum levels of selenium (r = -0.26, P < 0.05). When these variables were considered in the multiple regression analysis, early age at first birth and higher BMI were positively associated with cervical cancer mortality, while consumption of green vegetables and animal foods were negatively correlated. In the serum model, infection with HSV-2 and low levels of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) were positively related to cervical cancer mortality. No relation was found for consumption of fruits. CONCLUSIONS: Although limitations of these ecologic data preclude causal inferences, findings in this study, including associations with HSV-2 infection, early age at first birth, consumption of green vegetables and animal foods, may provide clues to cervical cancer aetiology. 
A population survey was conducted on 3608 randomly selected Danes aged 30, 40, 50 and 60 years respectively. Of these, 3400 were not in medical treatment for arterial hypertension. The following parameters were investigated: sex, age, serum lipid levels (total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides), presence of diabetes mellitus, height, body mass index (BMI), and average daily consumption of coffee, tobacco and alcohol. Analysis with multiple linear regression showed that all variables with the exception of triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and height were significantly associated with systolic blood pressure. Likewise all factors except diabetes, triglycerides and height were significantly associated with diastolic blood pressure. Further analysis in which the effect of each parameter was corrected for by the effects of the remaining variables, demonstrated that apart from age and sex only BMI and high alcohol consumption were positively associated with differences in blood pressure greater than a few mmHg. However, the variation in both systolic and diastolic blood pressures was only partly accounted for by the parameters studied--in the covariates analysis R2 for systolic blood pressure was 0.28 and R2 for diastolic blood pressure was 0.30. In conclusion, this investigation demonstrated that blood pressure is relatively independent of other factors important in the development of cardiovascular disease. Of the above-mentioned factors with some influence on blood pressure only age, BMI and high alcohol consumption have potential clinical importance.
Both estrogen and dietary calcium deficiencies are important risk factors in the pathogenesis of osteoporosis. We used an animal model of postmenopausal osteoporosis to study histomorphometric and bone turnover markers and bone mineral changes induced by short-term (1 month) estrogen and/or dietary calcium deficiency in the mature rat. Seven groups of rats were studied: 1) basal; 2) sham, fed a calcium-deficient diet (0.1% Ca, Sham-LoCa); 3) sham, fed a regular-calcium diet (1.0% Ca, Sham-RCa); 4) ovariectomy (ovx), on a calcium-deficient diet (Ovx-LoCa); 5) ovx, on a regular-calcium diet (Ovx-RCa); 6) ovx, on a calcium-deficient diet with estrogen replacement (Ovx-LoCa-Est); and 7) ovx, on a regular-calcium diet with estrogen replacement (Ovx-RCa-Est). When compared with sham-operated animals on a regular calcium diet (Sham-RCa), either deficiency alone elevated the turnover markers osteocalcin (BGP) (Sham-LoCa 24.5%; Ovx-RCa 54.7%) and pyridinoline (Sham-LoCa 48.3%, Ovx-RCa 112.3%). Reductions in cancellous bone mass (Cn-BV/TV, Sham-LoCa -26.5%, Ovx-RCa -41.1%) and trabecular connectivity (Node.Node, Sham-LoCa -54.5%, Ovx-RCa -62.6%) were observed. Combined deficiencies (Ovx-LoCa) showed a greater change (BGP, +66.0%; pyridinoline +117.7%; Cn-BV/TV -64.4%; Nd.Nd -95.6%). Estrogen treatment was effective in preventing bone loss from both estrogen and calcium deficiencies.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations between blood pressure and sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium in a cross-sectional study by 24-h urine collections and food weighing with 3-day food records in 328 males and 335 females in Tianjin, People's Republic of China. RESULTS: A very high sodium intake and sodium:potassium ratio was confirmed in the study population. After adjusting for confounding variables, both dietary and urinary sodium and sodium:potassium ratio were significantly and positively correlated with blood pressure. Although a negative correlation was found between potassium and blood pressure, the association was significant only between urinary potassium and systolic blood pressure in females and in both sexes combined. No significant associations were found between blood pressure and either intake of or urinary excretion of calcium and magnesium. The dietary intake correlated highly with urinary excretion of electrolytes. In both sexes a strong positive association was found between blood pressure and age, and between blood pressure and body mass index. Higher blood pressure was shown in subjects with higher sodium and alcohol intake, higher body mass index and lower potassium intake. CONCLUSION: The present results indicate that factors contributing to high blood pressure in Tianjin, People's Republic of China, are related to age, body mass index, high sodium intake and sodium:potassium ratio. 
The long-chain polyene (LCP) status of thirty-nine premature infants (birth weight < 1800 g) was evaluated. Twenty-seven infants were fed on an artificial formula, twelve received their own mother's breast milk. Fatty acid compositions of both plasma and erythrocyte (RBC) phospholipids (PL) were determined in umbilical venous blood and in weekly postnatal blood samples until the 28th day of life. Individual fatty acid levels were expressed as absolute quantities (mg fatty acid/l plasma or RBC suspension) and as relative (mg/100 mg total fatty acids) values. The changes with time in the absolute values for 22:6n-3 and 20:4n-6 in plasma were strikingly different from those of the relative values for these fatty acids. In plasma PL the inter-group differences in the absolute postnatal values for 22:6n-3 (P < 0.0005) and 20:4n-6 (P < 0.05) and the relative values for 22:6n-3 (P < 0.02) were significant, with lower fatty acid values in the formula-fed infants. In RBC PL, no significant inter-group differences in the postnatal 22:6n-3 and 20:4n-6 values were found. Based on the assumption that it is desirable for formula-fed infants to achieve postnatal plasma LCP values at least comparable with those found in infants fed on human milk, the findings of the present study indicate that both n-3 and n-6 LCP should be added to preterm infant formulas. Moreover, the additional importance of absolute fatty acid levels was demonstrated, although analytical procedures need to be standardized to enable effective comparison of results from different research groups.
It has been hypothesized that beta-carotene mediates the association between low serum cholesterol levels and increased risk of lung cancer. It follows from this assumption that this association should be greater in population strata with a low intake of beta-carotene than in with those with a high intake. To investigate this hypothesis, we analysed dietary beta-carotene, plasma beta-carotene and serum cholesterol levels in 20 male smokers with lung cancer and 103 male smoking controls, a subsample taken from a larger case-control study on oxidant-antioxidant status. As predicted, we found that the association between low serum cholesterol levels and lung cancer risk was greater in subjects with low plasma beta-carotene. Controlling for plasma beta-carotene decreased but did not negate the magnitude of the inverse association between serum cholesterol and lung cancer. A low serum cholesterol level tended to increase the risk associated with low plasma beta-carotene. Our data suggest that a low plasma beta-carotene does not totally explain the association between serum cholesterol and lung cancer.
Studies with animal models of alcohol-related birth defects (ARBDs) suggest that reductions in circulating thyroid hormones, including thyroxine (T4), may be a persistent postnatal effect of fetal alcohol exposure. The few clinical reports of children with fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) that address thyroid system function generally reported that FAS children have thyroid hormone levels within normal limits. For the current study, data bases from the Fetal Alcohol Research Center and the Michigan Department of Public Health Newborn Screening Program were assessed to correlate measures of maternal drug use during pregnancy and infant outcome (gestational age at birth, birthweight, "fetal growth"), with infant whole-blood T4 levels. Multiple regression analyses accounted for demographic factors, infant age at testing, and variation in the T4 assay. As expected, alcohol intake and smoking each had a substantial negative impact on birthweight, gestational age at birth, and fetal growth, assessed as birthweight corrected for gestational age. Infant T4 levels were positively related to birthweight and gestational age and were more strongly related to fetal growth. Infant T4 levels were not influenced significantly by either maternal smoking or alcohol consumption. Smoking- and alcohol-related reductions in birthweight, gestational age, or fetal growth were not associated significantly with variations in infant T4. Interesting questions remain regarding species differences and the influences of maternal alcohol consumption on T4 metabolism as a mechanism for ARBDs. However, the current data do not support the hypothesis that maternal alcohol consumption, or smoking, during pregnancy leads to compromised thyroid system function in newborn humans.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVES: To test whether serum von Willebrand factor (vWf) would be lower in men with atherosclerosis who had been consuming a lipid-lowering diet for 3 years than in a control group of men with atherosclerosis who had been following their normal diet. DESIGN: A randomized, population-based case-control study. SETTING: A tertiary health care referral centre at a University Hospital. SUBJECTS: Men age less than 66 years with angiographically proven coronary atherosclerosis and a cholesterol level > 6 mmol L-1. Sixty started the study and 50 completed it. INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were randomized to a lipid-lowering diet or to taking their normal diet for approximately 3 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The components of the subjects' diets were assessed and blood was obtained for total, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides and for vWf. RESULTS: Men on the lipid-lowering diet consumed less total, saturated and monounsaturated fats (all P < 0.001), cholesterol and retinol (both P < 0.002) but increased polyunsaturated fats (P < 0.001), fibre, vitamin E (both P < 0.005) and carbohydrate (P < 0.05). Those on the lipid-lowering diet also had lower serum levels of total and LDL cholesterol (P < 0.002 and P < 0.05, respectively), triglycerides (P < 0.02) and vWf (P < 0.05) than the men on their normal diet. There was no difference in HDL cholesterol. Levels of vWf correlated with both total cholesterol (P < 0.005) and inversely with dietary polyunsaturated fats (P < 0.02). CONCLUSION: von Willebrand factor, a possible indicator of endothelial cell damage, decreases during long-term compliance with a lipid-lowering diet. 
The objective of this study was to examine the relationships of serum and dietary magnesium (Mg) with prevalent cardiovascular disease (CVD), hypertension, diabetes mellitus, fasting insulin, and average carotid intimal-medial wall thickness measured by B-mode ultrasound. A cross-sectional design was used. The setting was the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study in four US communities. A total of 15,248 participants took part, male and female, black and white, aged 45-64 years. Fasting serum Mg, lipids, fasting glucose and insulin were measured; as was usual dietary intake by food frequency questionnaire and carotid intima-media thickness by standardized B-mode ultrasound methods. The results showed that serum Mg levels and dietary Mg intake were both lower in blacks than whites. Mean serum Mg levels were significantly lower in participants with prevalent CVD, hypertension, and diabetes than in those free of these diseases. In participants without CVD, serum Mg levels were also inversely associated with fasting serum insulin, glucose, systolic blood pressure and smoking. Dietary Mg intake was inversely associated with fasting serum insulin, plasma high density lipoprotein-cholesterol, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Adjusted for age, race, body mass index, smoking, hypertension, Low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, and field center, mean carotid wall thickness increased in women by 0.0118 mm (p = 0.006) in diuretic users and 0.0048 mm (p = 0.017) in nonusers for each 0.1 mmol/l decrease in serum Mg level; the multivariate association in men was not significant. In conclusion, low serum and dietary Mg may be related to the etiologies of CVD, hypertension, diabetes, and atherosclerosis.
We have investigated the effects of a low-fat, high-fiber diet on plasma lipid and lipoprotein levels and serum sex hormone concentrations in 22 normal premenopausal women (mean age, 25.8 +/- 3.8 years). Participants consumed a baseline diet for 4 weeks (40% of calories as fat, 16% as saturated fatty acids, 8% as polyunsaturated fatty acids, 400 mg/d cholesterol, and 12 g/d dietary fiber) and then a low-fat, high-fiber diet for 8 to 10 weeks (16% to 18% of calories as fat, 4% as saturated fatty acids, 4% as polyunsaturated fatty acids, 150 mg/d cholesterol, and 40 g/d fiber). Blood samples for determination of plasma lipids and serum hormones were obtained during the follicular and luteal phases of the menstrual cycle during both diets. Compared with the baseline diet, the low-fat, high-fiber diet resulted in significant decreases in total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol concentrations during both the follicular and luteal phases (TC, -14% and -16%; LDL cholesterol, -14% and -17%; and HDL cholesterol, -15% and -18%, respectively). During the follicular phase but not the luteal phase on the low-fat, high-fiber diet, women exhibited significant increases in plasma triglyceride ([TG] 22%) and very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL)-TG (36%) concentrations. During the follicular phase, serum estrone sulfate concentrations decreased by 25% (P < .0001) when subjects were fed the low-fat, high-fiber diet.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVE: To assess whether an association exists between moderate alcohol consumption and plasma concentration of endogenous tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA), a serine protease that plays a central role in the regulation of intravascular fibrinolysis. DESIGN: Survey of self-reported alcohol consumption and plasma fibrinolytic capacity, controlled for lipid and nonlipid cardiac risk factors. SETTING: Participants in the Physicians' Health Study. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 631 apparently healthy male physicians aged 40 to 84 years with no history of myocardial infarction, stroke, or transient cerebral ischemia. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Plasma concentration of t-PA antigen. RESULTS: A direct association was found between alcohol consumption and plasma level of t-PA antigen, such that mean plasma levels of t-PA antigen for daily, weekly, monthly, and rare or never drinkers were 10.9, 9.7, 9.1, and 8.1 ng/mL, respectively (P trend = .0002). The relation between alcohol consumption and t-PA antigen level was not materially changed in analyses that adjusted for total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or nonlipid cardiovascular risk factors including age, body mass index, parental history of coronary heart disease, exercise frequency, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate a positive association between moderate alcohol intake and plasma level of endogenous t-PA antigen that is independent of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. This finding supports the hypothesis that changes in fibrinolytic potential may be an important mechanism whereby moderate alcohol consumption decreases risk of heart disease. 
Results from analysis of 24 h urine collections, verified for completeness with para-amino benzoic acid, and blood samples collected over 1 year were compared with 16 d weighed records of all food consumed collected over the year, and with results from 24 h recalls, food-frequency questionnaires and estimated food records in 160 women. Using the weighed records, individuals were sorted into quintiles of the distribution of the urine N excretion:dietary N intake ratio (UN:DN). UN exceeded DN in the top quintile of this ratio; mean ratio UN:DN = 1.13. Individuals in this top quintile were heavier, had significantly greater body mass indices, were reportedly more restrained eaters, had significantly lower energy intake:basal metabolic rate ratios (EI:BMR), and had correlated ratios of UN:DN and EI:BMR (r -0.62). Those in the top quintile reported lower intakes of energy and energy-yielding nutrients, Ca, fats, cakes, breakfast cereals, milk and sugars than individuals in the other quintiles but not lower intakes of non-starch polysaccharides, vitamin C, vegetables, potatoes or meat. Correlations between dietary intake from weighed records and 24 h urine K were 0.74 and 0.82, and between dietary vitamin C and beta-carotene and plasma vitamin C and beta-carotene 0.86 and 0.48. Correlations between dietary N intake from weighed records and 24 h urine excretion were high (0.78-0.87). Those between N from estimated food records and urine N were r 0.60-0.70. Correlations between urine N and 24 h recalls and food-frequency questionnaires were in the order of 0.01 to 0.5. Despite problems of underreporting in overweight individuals in 20% of this sample, weighed records remained the most accurate method of dietary assessment, and only an estimated 7 d diary was able to approach this accuracy.
Unfavourable effects of trans monounsaturated fatty acid (trans-C18:1) isomers on health variables have been reported. Reports on their actual intake, however, are scarce, because of the absence in many nutrient databases of values for trans-C18:1, and the wide variation in the level of trans fatty acids between different brands of the same product. We therefore examined whether the intake of trans-C18:1 is reflected by trans-C18:1 concentrations in serum triacylglycerols or platelet phospholipids. Thirty-eight men received two diets in random order. During the first experimental period twenty men consumed a Western-type control diet for six weeks, and eighteen men consumed a modified diet in which 70% of the fat was replaced by palm oil. After a wash-out period of 3 weeks, regimens were crossed over (second experimental period). The proportion of total fatty acids from trans-C18:1 in the diet decreased from 4.7 (SEM 0.27) during the control to 2.1 (SEM 0.16) on the modified diet (P < 0.001). Trans-C18:1 in serum triacylglycerols decreased from 3.5 (SEM 0.13) to 2.8 (SEM 0.11)% (P < 0.001), and in platelet phospholipids from 1.0 (SEM 0.06) to 0.7 (SEM 0.04)% (P < 0.001). After the first experimental period trans-C18:1 in the diet correlated with trans-C18:1 in serum triacylglycerols (r 0.41; P = 0.014), and platelet phospholipids (r 0.52; P = 0.001). Also, differences in the intake between the two periods correlated with changes in the proportion of trans-C18:1 in serum triacylglycerols (r 0.56; P = 0.001) and platelet phospholipids (r 0.58; P < 0.001).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The Second National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey found low iron and zinc intakes and low serum ferritin in many premenopausal women. Therefore food frequency history, serum ferritin, plasma zinc, plasma zinc disappearance, and zinc turnover rate were measured in healthy premenopausal women. Plasma zinc disappearance and turnover rate were determined by inductively coupled plasma mass spectroscopic analysis of the plasma ratio of zinc 67 to zinc 68 before and 30 to 60 minutes after intravenous injection of 67Zn. Food frequency predicted serum ferritin concentration in 38 women and plasma zinc disappearance in 19. Frequent red meat intake was associated with higher serum ferritin concentration and a "normal" plasma zinc disappearance. Frequent milk intake was associated with lower serum ferritin concentration and a rapid plasma zinc disappearance. After exclusion of an outlier, in 18 women serum ferritin concentrations were lower when plasma zinc was < 70 micrograms/dl (p < 0.03), and plasma zinc disappearance and turnover rate were higher when serum ferritin was < 20 ng/ml (p < 0.05). Serum ferritin concentration and plasma zinc disappearance constant were inversely and nonlinearly related (R2 = 0.777, p = 0.0003). These findings suggest that avoidance of red meat increases the risk of iron and zinc deficiencies, and low serum ferritin concentrations suggest the possibility of low zinc nutriture.
The effects of alcohol consumption on plasma concentrations of retinol and various carotenoids (beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, zeaxanthin-lutein, lycopene and beta-cryptoxanthin) were studied in a control population of 118 supposedly healthy men consuming low or moderate amounts of alcohol, and 95 alcoholic patients without severe liver disease before and after a withdrawal treatment of 21 days. There was no significant difference between alcoholics and controls regarding plasma retinol level. Conversely, plasma concentrations of all the carotenoid fractions were significantly lower in the alcoholic group than in the low drinker group. After withdrawal, plasma levels of all the carotenoids increased whereas retinol concentration diminished. Adjustment of data for various potential confounding factors especially including nutritional intake suggests an effect of alcohol on plasma carotenoids and a specific effect of withdrawal on plasma retinol, both of them being not only related to nutritional status.
OBJECTIVE: To validate a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). DESIGN: FFQ was evaluated by a 4-day food record (FR), four consecutive 24-h urinary collections, and study-specific cut-off limits for ratio between energy intake (EI) and basal metabolic rate (BMR). SETTING: Department of geriatric medicine, Gteborg University, Vasa Hospital, Gothenburg, Sweden. SUBJECTS: 76 consecutive 70-year-olds from representative population studies. RESULTS: FFQ provided consistently higher intakes of energy and nutrients than FR (1.18-2.51 of the FR values). For energy 95% CI estimates were 7167-8083 KJ and 9333-10579 KJ, by FR and FFQ methods, respectively. The correlation coefficients varied between 0.35 (total sugar) and 0.60 (energy and fat). The proportions and distribution of macronutrients were in good agreement between FFQ and FR. 95% CIs for the ratio between protein intake estimated by dietary methods and urinary protein were 1.14-1.36 and 1.00-1.13 for the FFQ and FR methods, respectively. However, the EI/BMR ratio for FR (1.27) was not in conformity with habitual energy expenditure compared to cut-off limits. CONCLUSION: This validity study showed that the agreement regarding distribution of energy from macronutrients between dietary methods and the reasonable ratio of FFQ-EI/BMR allow the conclusion that the FFQ method well reflects habitual intake of elderly Swedes. 
Increased concentrations of cellular eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) have been shown to be beneficial in coronary heart disease, hypertension, and inflammatory disorders. Successful long-term strategies for increasing cellular EPA concentrations require information on the relationships between cellular concentrations of EPA and dietary amounts of alpha-linolenic acid (alpha-LA), a precursor of EPA, and dietary amounts of linoleic acid (LA), an antagonist of alpha-LA conversion to EPA. A dietary intervention study with healthy human volunteers that incorporated alpha-LA-rich vegetable oil (flaxseed oil), against a background diet low in LA, allowed us to examine these relationships. Linear relationships were found between dietary alpha-LA and EPA in plasma fractions and in cellular phospholipids. By contrast there was no relationship observed between dietary LA and tissue concentrations of its metabolite, arachidonic acid (AA). There was an inverse relationship between dietary alpha-LA and docosahexaenoic acid concentrations in the phospholipids of plasma, neutrophils, mononuclear cells, and platelets. The results indicate that increasing dietary alpha-LA will elevate tissue EPA concentrations in a predictable manner. This insight will facilitate the rational planning of practical dietary strategies for the long-term elevation of EPA concentrations in tissues.
An isoform of transferrin, carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) is increased in a high percentage of abusing alcoholics and has been found superior in its specificity compared with other biological markers. We used serum CDT as a screening parameter in 502 patients consecutively admitted to our medical department during a 4-week period. The intake of ethanol during the last 4 weeks was registrated by personal interviews and the mean daily consumption calculated. Serum CDT was measured at admission (CDTect) and compared with gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase (GGT), AST, ALT, and mean corpuscular volume (MCV). Serum CDT detected 18 of 26 (69%) patients who consumed > 50 g ethanol daily. The clinical sensitivity of CDT of detection ethanol consumption > 50 g daily was 69%, compared with 73%, 50%, 35%, and 52% for increased values of GGT, AST, ALT, and MCV, respectively. Altogether, 38 of 476 patients (8%) with a daily ethanol consumption < 50 g also had increased serum CDT levels. The specificity of CDT was 92%, compared with 75%, 82%, 86%, and 85% for GGT, AST, ALT, and MCV, respectively. In the 60 patients who consumed > 10 g ethanol daily, we found a significantly positive correlation between CDT and ethanol consumption (r = 0.52, p < 0.001). A positive correlation was also found between serum transferrin and CDT (r = 0.51, p < 0.001). In conclusion, the specificity of CDT is much higher compared with GGT in detecting alcohol abuse. Some acute and chronic illnesses may increase the serum level of CDT. False-positive CDT levels may be caused by changes in serum transferrin concentration.
This study was conducted to elucidate the mechanism of glucose intolerance due to carbohydrate restriction. 15 non-diabetic patients, aged 51 +/- 3 yr, were placed under dietary condition-I (2,012 kcal/day; carbohydrate 299 g) for more than 3 days after admission and then condition-I was substituted by condition-II (1,156 kcal/day; carbohydrate 139 g) for 2 weeks. At the end of condition-I and -II, 75 g OGTT was performed. After the comparison between condition-I and -II, patients were subdivided into two groups, namely, glucose tolerance-improved (n = 8) and -impaired (n = 7) groups. In the former, sigma glucose (mg/dl) during OGTT decreased from 898.1 +/- 28.0 to 738.5 +/- 36.0 (p < 0.05) and sigma IRI (microU/ml) decreased from 418.8 +/- 60.1 to 300.7 +/- 33.5 (p < 0.05) but sigma dT3 (ng/dl) increased from 11.3 +/- 14.7 to 70.3 +/- 15.1 (p < 0.05). In the latter, sigma glucose (mg/dl) increased from 774.6 +/- 46.6 to 867.1 +/- 50.1 (p < 0.05) and sigma IRI (microU/ml) increased from 323.4 +/- 47.8 to 400.8 +/- 47.8 (p < 0.05) but sigma dT3 (ng/dl) decreased from 45.3 +/- 7.1 to 20.0 +/- 14.7 although it did not reach a level of statistical significance. These results suggest that blunted serum T3-response to glucose ingestion is linked to the mechanism of glucose intolerance due to carbohydrate restriction.
Two randomized, blind studies measured changes in serum cholesterol, other serum lipids, and apolipoprotein (apo) concentrations in hypercholesterolemic men consuming caprenin (Cap)-rich diets after either baseline diets enriched in palm oil/palm-kernel oil (PO/PKO) or butter. The triglyceride Cap contains 45% 22:0 and 50% 8:0-10:0. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the PO/PKO diet, the 17 subjects on the Cap diet showed significant reductions after 6 wk in HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), HDL2-C, and HDL3-C and a significant increase in the ratio of total cholesterol, LDL-C, triglycerides, apo B-100, or apo A-I were seen. Compared with baseline values established at 3 wk on the butter diet, after 6 wk the seven subjects receiving the Cap diet showed no significant changes in the lipid and apolipoprotein indexes analyzed. These data show that one or more of 8:0, 10:0, and 22:0 fatty acids can contribute to hypercholesterolemia in men.
The major sources of human exposure to environmental carcinogens are through inhalation, ingestion, and percutaneous absorption. Food-borne carcinogens constitute the primary source of ingested carcinogens. Epidemiological analyses indicate that 20-50% of all human cancer is due to dietary causes, unfortunately, few specific etiologic agents have been identified. The use of chemical-specific molecular biomarkers in studies of several classes of carcinogens to which humans are exposed through the ingestion of food may provide the necessary data to identify these etiologic agents. These molecular biological markers can be classified into several categories: markers of exposure reflecting dose of toxic agents, markers of effect indicating a biological response to an exposure, and markers of susceptibility providing information about the inherent sensitivity of an individual to the toxic agent. By definition some of these markers are chemical-agent specific, such as a carcinogen-DNA or carcinogen-protein adduct, whereas others are biological process-specific such as the altered expression of a gene. In the future, information obtained from studies of molecular biomarkers in humans and experimental animals can be used for a range of public health applications from primary and secondary prevention to the design of clinical therapies. Aflatoxins have been extensively studied with validated biomarkers, and, currently, dietary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) and heterocyclic amines (HA) derived from cooking meats and other staples are being intensively investigated. This article reviews some of the recent information on aflatoxins and describes future potential of PAH and HA biomarkers.
Reduced plasma concentrations of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) are a risk factor for coronary artery disease (CAD). In this study, we examined the sequential effects of an isocaloric American Heart Association (AHA) step I diet and a hypocaloric AHA step I diet (AHA step I diet + weight loss) on lipoprotein lipid levels in 14 middle-aged and older (60 +/- 6 years, mean +/- SD) obese (body mass index [BMI] > 27 kg/m2) nondiabetic men with exercise-induced silent myocardial ischemia (SI) and reduced HDL-C levels (0.85 +/- 0.14 mmol/L). Nine men of comparable age and obesity and with no evidence of exercise-induced ischemia that were evaluated longitudinally served as metabolic controls. In men with SI, after 3 months on the isocaloric AHA step I diet plasma triglyceride (TG) levels decreased by 26% (2.25 +/- 0.66 to 1.67 +/- 0.69 mmol/L, P < .005), cholesterol by 12% (5.24 +/- 0.84 to 4.62 +/- 0.78 mmol/L, P < .01), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) by 10% (3.40 +/- 0.69 to 3.05 +/- 0.70 mmol/L, P < .01). However, plasma HDL-C levels also decreased by 7% (0.85 +/- 0.14 to 0.79 +/- 0.13 mmol/L, P < .05). Subsequent weight loss (11 +/- 4 kg) in conjunction with the AHA step I diet resulted in an additional decrease of 24% in TG (P < .005), 10% in cholesterol (P < .05), and 10% in LDL-C (P < .05). Plasma HDL-C levels increased by 8% (P < .01), thereby correcting the decline seen on the AHA step I diet alone.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
We studied the coagulative and fibrinolytic activity in intrinsic or extrinsic hyperlipidemia using 4-week-old male Wistar rats. Intrinsic hyperlipidemia was induced by a cholesterol-free high-fructose diet (HFD) and extrinsic hyperlipidemia, by a high-cholesterol diet (HCD) for 14 days. In intrinsic hyperlipidemic rats fed on the HFD, serum lipids were significantly increased as compared with the levels in control rats fed on a standard diet. An apparent increase in plasma fibrinogen level and coagulant factor XIII activity was also observed in HFD rats. In extrinsic hyperlipidemic rats fed on the HCD, significant increases in plasma fibrinogen level compared with that of control rats were found with the increases in serum lipids. Activities of antithrombin III and alpha 2-plasmin inhibitor in HFD-fed rats significantly increased compared with those of control and HFD rats. There was a significant positive correlation between plasma fibrinogen and serum total cholesterol, free cholesterol, or phospholipid in diet-induced hyperlipidemia (p < 0.01). Because of the increase in coagulant XIII activity in HFD-fed rats and the increase in alpha 2-plasmin inhibitor activity in HCD-fed rats, both diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats were shown to have enhanced coagulative activity compared with the control rats. These results suggest that the HFD as well as the HCD causes a pre-hypercoagulative state due to the increase in plasma fibrinogen level and activities in other coagulative and fibrinolytic factors.
Milk-alkali syndrome can be caused by ingesting large amounts of calcium carbonate. Coincident with the promotion of calcium carbonate as treatment for both dyspepsia and osteoporosis, milk-alkali syndrome is now a common cause of hypercalcemia severe enough to require admission to the hospital. The syndrome accounted for less than 2% of such admissions before 1990, but from 1990 through 1993, it was the cause of hypercalcemia for over 12% of these patients. Only primary hyperparathyroidism and hypercalcemia of malignancy (excluding multiple myeloma) are more common. The diagnosis of milk-alkali syndrome is made almost entirely based on the patient's history; careful attention to dietary practices and over-the-counter drug use is required, as numerous over-the-counter medications contain calcium carbonate. Modern assays for PTH demonstrate the expected suppression of PTH by hypercalcemia. Nonetheless, measurement of PTH must be performed in a timely manner as treatment with intravenous saline may result in hypocalcemia and elevated PTH soon after admission. Given the pathophysiology of milk-alkali syndrome compared to other causes of hypercalcemia, hypocalcemia with rebound hyperparathyroidism is probably unique to milk-alkali syndrome.
Although the mechanisms of alcohol related hypertension remain unknown, it has been hypothesised that alcohol causes the accumulation of calcium ions (Ca2+) in vascular smooth muscle cells, resulting in the elevation of vascular tonus. To evaluate this contention, intra platelet free calcium concentrations (platelet [Ca2+]i) were determined in 20 young adult men, i.e. five each of hypertensive heavy drinkers, hypertensive light drinkers, normotensive heavy drinkers, and normotensive light drinkers. Platelet [Ca2+]i were higher in the ten hypertensives than in the ten normotensives, irrespective of alcohol consumption. The hypertensive drinkers also showed higher levels of serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (gamma-GTP) and parathyroid hormone (PTH). Platelet [Ca2+]i in the total 20 subjects did not correlate with alcohol consumption, but correlated positively with serum gamma-GTP levels and SBP. These preliminary study results do not support the contention that Ca2+ accumulates in the vascular smooth muscle cells of humans as a result of chronic alcohol consumption. The significance of elevated platelet [Ca2+]i observed in the hypertensive heavy drinkers in the pathogenesis of alcohol related hypertension remains obscure.
We have modified an experimental technique in which two different isotopes (Cr51 and I125) were used simultaneously as blood markers for determining the amount of blood removed by feeding ticks. This method enables us to measure separately and directly the volumes of red blood cells and plasma in ticks and to calculate the ratio between the two parameters (concentrating ability). The concentration of red blood cells in nymphs of Amblyomma hebraeum Kock and Rhipicephalus appendiculatus Neumann and in females of these species plus in those of Hyalomma truncatum Kock were found to be twice the amount measured in the labeled blood of goats. Concentrations of plasma in the ticks were approximately two-thirds of that measured in samples taken directly from these same goats. Small nonsignificant differences between the ability of various tick species to concentrate red blood cells and dilute host plasma were found. The advantage of this method is compared with that of the colorimetric and gravimetric methods, and its potential use is discussed.
A model for predicting the relationship between protein and energy intakes of low-birth-weight (LBW) infants and the rate and composition of weight gain is described. It is based on linear multiple regression equations summarizing the rates of weight gain, nitrogen retention, and energy retention of 101 previously studied LBW infants fed protein intakes ranging from 2.25 to 3.9 g.kg-1.d-1 and concomitant energy intakes ranging from 115 to 147 kcal.kg-1.d-1 plus current theory concerning nutrient retention and body composition. To test the validity of the model, three combinations of protein and energy intake predicted by the model to result in specific rates and compositions of weight gain were fed to 44 LBW infants, and the observed rates of weight gain, protein accretion, and fat accretion were compared with the rates predicted by the model. Differences in these and other outcome variables between two of the groups, the intakes of which differed only in energy, also were compared to provide additional insight into the effect of concomitant energy intake on protein utilization. Across groups, actual outcomes correlated closely with predicted outcomes, supporting the validity of the model for the total population. However, outcomes of individual infants deviated as much as 30% from predicted outcomes; the magnitude of the deviation was independent of birth weight, gestational age, or size for gestational age.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
OBJECTIVE: There is a clinical need for population based reference values for serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I). We have therefore determined serum IGF-I concentrations in a random population sample from Sweden and have related the levels to age, sex, life style factors, blood pressure, body composition, blood lipids, plasma fibrinogen, parathyroid hormone (PTH) and osteocalcin. PATIENTS: Within the framework of the WHO MONICA Project in the city of Gteborg, Sweden, 197 men and 195 women aged 25-64 years were studied. RESULTS: Women aged 25-34 years had higher IGF-I concentration than men (mean 278 vs 227 micrograms/l) but in the interval 55-64 years values were lower in women than in men (158 vs 171 micrograms/l). IGF-I correlated positively with height and inversely with age, body mass index, systolic blood pressure and total cholesterol in both sexes. Negative relations between IGF-I and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol, as well as with amount of tobacco smoked, were found in men, and between IGF-I and diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides and PTH in women. When age was allowed for in multivariate analyses, most of these relations disappeared. However, among men IGF-I was positively associated with fibrinogen and negatively with age and smoking. IGF-I was negatively associated with age and coffee consumption in women. CONCLUSION: The present data can be used as reference values for IGF-I (at least in Caucasians) for the diagnosis of growth hormone disturbances and as guidelines for growth hormone substitution. 
BACKGROUND: There is controversy about the relationship between coffee intake and blood lipids in women and many studies fail to control for potential confounding factors. METHODS: In 1983 and 1984, 541 randomly selected premenopausal women were recruited from a list of licenced drivers, aged 42-50, within selected areas in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. They were invited to participate in a 5-year study of biological and behavioural changes associated with menopause. At baseline and the first follow-up visit, lipoprotein, lipid and apoprotein levels, physical activity, dietary intake and coffee consumption were measured. Pearson correlations between coffee consumption and the various lipid values were calculated. Multivariate analyses, which controlled for the potential confounding effects of body mass index, alcohol intake, percent of calories from carbohydrate and fat, number of cigarettes smoked per day, physical activity level, and age in months, were also employed to investigate the relationships. RESULTS: Mean coffee consumption for the group was 3.35 cups of coffee per day at baseline and 3.02 cups per day at follow-up. Results of analyses of correlation between coffee consumption and blood lipids as well as multiple regressions to control for menopausal status at follow-up were non-significant (P > 0.05) for all blood lipid values with the exception of triglycerides, which were inversely related to coffee consumption at follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: These results do not support a relationship between coffee consumption and lipoprotein, lipid or apoprotein levels with the exception of an inverse relationship between coffee consumption and triglyceride level at follow-up. 
The relationships of cigarette smoking, age, relative weight, and dietary intake to serum dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), androstenedione, cortisol, 3-alpha-androstanediol, 3-alpha-androstanediol-glucuronide, testosterone, albumin-bound testosterone, free testosterone, dihydrotestosterone (DHT), and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) were examined cross-sectionally in 1241 randomly sampled middle-aged U.S. men. Compared with nonsmokers and independent of relative weight (body mass index) and age, cigarette smokers had increased serum levels of DHEA (18% higher, P = 0.0002), DHEAS (13% higher, P = 0.0007), cortisol (5% higher, P = 0.01), androstenedione (33% higher, P = 0.0001), testosterone (9% higher, P = 0.009), DHT (14% higher, P = 0.004), and SHBG (8% higher, P = 0.004). Androstenedione, total plasma testosterone, albumin-bound testosterone, DHT, and SHBG decreased with increasing relative weight. Age was positively associated with serum SHBG and negatively associated with albumin-bound testosterone, DHEA, and DHEAS. An association was found between alcohol intake and DHEA (r = 0.15; P = 0.0001), cortisol (r = 0.10; P = 0.0007), and 3-alpha-androstanediol-glucuronide (r = 0.08; P = 0.0004). Cortisol was the only hormone that was associated with carbohydrate intake (r = -0.09; P = 0.002). The only hormones associated with dietary lipids were DHT (for vegetable fat, r = 0.07; P = 0.02), cortisol (for total fat, r = 0.08; P = 0.007), and SHBG (for animal fat, r = -0.06; P = 0.05). In addition, SHBG was positively associated with dietary (r = 0.07; P = 0.008) and crude (r = 0.08; P = 0.007) fiber. These data suggest that serum adrenal steroid and sex hormone concentrations in middle-aged men are more influenced by cigarette smoking, age, and obesity than by dietary intake; however, serum adrenal steroids were influenced by alcohol intake.
This investigation was conducted to quantify the purine excretion of cows and to evaluate milk allantoin as an estimator of synthesis of microbial protein in the rumen. Concentrations in plasma of allantoin and uric acid and their excretion in urine and milk were determined using 16 Holstein cows at 21 to 315 d of lactation and yielding 8 to 36 kg/d of milk. The mean daily intake of a 55:45 roughage and concentrate diet was 16.3 kg of DM with 106 MJ of NEL and 13.8 to 16.0% CP. Total urine was collected over 24 h, plasma samples collected four times, and milk samples collected twice on the same day. Analyses of purine metabolites were performed with HPLC. On average, excretion of allantoin in urine and milk was about 294 and 4.1 mmol/d for allantoin and 35 and 1.1 mmol/d for uric acid. Excretion of allantoin in milk was correlated to concentration in plasma (r = .84). As milk yield increased, percentage of milk allantoin increased from .6 to 2.4% of total allantoin excretion (r = .85). The correlations of NEL intake with allantoin excretion in milk (r = .80) and in urine (r = .84) were similar. Daily milk yield was correlated with plasma allantoin (r = .78) and milk allantoin excretion (r = .95). We concluded that determination of milk allantoin is a useful, noninvasive method to monitor rumen microbial protein synthesis.
In an attempt to evaluate the ruminal effects of dietary supplements of folic acid, eight steers (352 +/- 27 kg BW) fitted with a ruminal cannula were randomly assigned to a replicated 4 x 4 Latin square design. The treatments were 70% rolled barley + 30% timothy hay (HC), HC + 2 mg of folic acid per kilogram of BW (HC + FA), 30% rolled barley + 70% timothy hay (HF), and HF + 2 mg of folic acid per kilogram of BW (HF + FA). After 5 wk of adaptation to the dietary treatments, ruminal contents were sampled over three consecutive days, at 1, 2, 4, 8, 12, and 23 h after feed distribution. Concentrations of folates in solid and liquid ruminal fractions were increased by the dietary supplement of folic acid (P = .0001) and by the ingestion of concentrate compared with hay-based diets (P < .05). Preprandial concentrations of serum folates were not affected by the nature of the diet when steers received no folic acid but the increase of serum folates induced by the dietary supplement of folic acid was more important in steers fed concentrates than in those fed hay-based diets (diet x supplement of folic acid interaction P = .002). Microbial protein (P = .004) and microbial mass (P = .002) in ruminal fluid were increased with concentrate-based diets compared with hay-based diets; folic acid did not have any effect on these variables (P > .05). In conclusion, concentrations of folates in ruminal contents were affected by dietary supplements of folic acid and by the nature of the diet.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The relationship between energy intake, physical activity, and body fat was investigated in the baseline visit of 2379 black and white girls aged 9-10 y enrolled in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study. Three-day food records, three-day physical activity diaries, physical-activity-patterns questionnaires, and an assessment of the number of hours of television and video watched were obtained. Multivariate-regression analyses showed that age, the number of hours of television and video watched, the percent of energy from saturated fatty acids, and the activity-patterns score best explained the variation in body mass index and sum of three skin-fold-thickness measurements for black girls. The best model for white girls included age, the number of hours of television and video watched, and the percent of energy from total fat. These results indicate that body fatness is related to energy intake and expenditure in both black and white girls. Longitudinal studies will help assess the value of these variables in predicting changes in body fat.
The authors examined the feasibility of using plasma carotenoids and ascorbic acid as markers of compliance for dietary intervention trials aimed at increasing the quantity and variety of the fruit and vegetable intake of free-living individuals. Nineteen former cancer patients who had been successfully treated for a stage I or II squamous cell carcinoma of the mouth, pharynx, larynx, or lung were recruited. Subjects served as their own controls. However, in order to detect any seasonal trends, 4 individuals among the 19 were randomized to a nonintervention group. Subjects in the intervention group were counseled by dietitians with the goal of increasing their intake of fruits and vegetables to eight servings/day (1 serving each of dark green vegetables, yellow-orange vegetables, tomato products, and other vegetables; 3 servings of vitamin C-rich fruits; and 1 serving of other fruits). Subjects in the nonintervention group were advised to follow their usual diet. Three-day measured food records kept at base line and after 3 months of intervention, as well as unannounced 24-h dietary recalls, documented an increase in mean fruit and vegetable intake from 4.2 to 9.5 servings daily in the intervention group. A concomitant increase of 29% was observed in total plasma carotenoids (P = 0.02), with increases of 25% for plasma lycopene (P = 0.06), 31% for plasma lutein (P = 0.002), 39% for plasma beta-carotene (P = 0.01), and 57% for plasma alpha-carotene (P = 0.01). Mean plasma levels of ascorbic acid increased by 27% (P < 0.001).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The diet-plasma relationships for carotenoids were examined in a group of 98 nonsmoking premenopausal women who participated in the cross-sectional phase of the National Cancer Institute (NCI)-US Department of Agriculture (USDA) diet study on alcohol-hormone metabolism, 1988-90. With use of the newly developed USDA-NCI carotenoid food-composition database, the mean daily intakes of carotenoids were significantly higher when estimated from the food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) than from the 7-d diet records. Lycopene (mean = 0.58 mmol/L), lutein plus zeaxanthin (mean = 0.46 mmol/L), and beta-carotene (mean = 0.34 mmol/L) were the major plasma carotenoids. After adjustment for body mass index, energy and alcohol intakes, and total plasma cholesterol concentration, the following significant correlation (P < 0.05) were observed between the diet record and the FFQ-estimated carotenoid intakes and their respective plasma concentrations: alpha-carotene (r = 0.58 vs 0.49), beta-carotene (r = 0.51 vs 0.49), beta-cryptoxanthin (r = 0.49 vs 0.36), lutein plus zeaxanthin (r = 0.31 vs 0.37), lycopene (r = 0.50 vs 0.26), and total carotenoids (r = 0.57 vs 0.49). These data indicate that plasma carotenoid concentrations are reflective of dietary intake, but the magnitude of the correlation varies depending on the specific carotenoid and on the dietary assessment tool.
The effects of alcohol consumption on plasma concentrations of antioxidant vitamins (alpha-tocopherol and ascorbic acid), selenium, and markers of oxidative stress, especially malondialdehyde (MDA) and autoantibodies directed to MDA adducts to proteins (Ig-NH2-MDA) were investigated in a large population of 417 supposedly healthy men who consumed only low or moderate amounts of alcohol as compared with 102 alcoholic patients without severe liver disease, who were studied both before and after 21 d of withdrawal treatment. Plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol, ascorbic acid, and selenium were lower in alcoholics than in men who drank low amounts of alcohol (P < or = 0.001), whereas MDA and Ig-NH2-MDA were higher (P < or = 0.001). Plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and selenium remained unchanged after the withdrawal period, whereas ascorbic acid (P < or = 0.01), MDA, and Ig-NH2-MDA concentrations decreased (P < or = 0.001). Adjustment of data for circulating lipids and nutritional intake suggests a specific effect of alcohol on antioxidant vitamins, independent of nutritional status.
OBJECTIVE: Reliable results in MR flow measurements have been reported in humans. The current study was performed to evaluate the effects of a meal intake on the flow velocities in the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) and aorta by using 2D phase-mapping MRI. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A constant flow phantom generating 0-150 cm/s of flow velocities was constructed to evaluate the accuracy of MR flow measurements. Eleven healthy volunteers underwent serial MRI once before and three times after a mixed meal intake (700 kcal). RESULTS: Reliable MR flow measurements were validated in the constant flow phantom. In the healthy volunteers, the SMA and aorta had triphasic flow velocity waveforms in one cardiac cycle. Ingestion of a mixed meal increased flow velocities in the SMA. Peak velocities were observed at 20 min after the meal. The aortic flow velocities were unaffected by the meal. CONCLUSION: A 2D phase-mapping MR technique is feasible to evaluate the SMA and aortic flow velocities. Evaluation of the flow velocities in the SMA may contribute to understanding intestinal as well as hepatic conditions in humans. 
Unbound plasma concentrations of diazepam and flunitrazepam were related to psychomotor and subjective effects of the two drugs. The interindividual variability in plasma protein binding of both diazepam (98.5 +/- 0.14%) and flunitrazepam (84.5 +/- 1.2%) was relatively small, and high correlations were therefore observed between the individual unbound and total drug plasma concentrations after a particular dose. However, poor correlations were seen between individual unbound drug plasma concentrations and psychomotor or subjective effects. This observation indicates that factors other than individual variability in drug plasma concentration, account for the pronounced individual differences in, for example, psychomotor impairment frequently observed after intake of benzodiazepines. Furthermore, based on a linear relationship between unbound drug plasma concentrations and increase in either complex choice or simple reaction time, the potency of flunitrazepam was calculated to be about seven times higher than the potency of diazepam. This is approximately two times higher than expected from the reported in vitro affinity of the two drugs for the benzodiazepine receptor. This finding may indicate that flunitrazepam may have a higher apparent in vivo intrinsic efficacy than diazepam when assessed by psychomotor impairment.
This county-based correlation study examined associations of breast cancer mortality with dietary habits and certain serum biochemical markers, utilizing data collected from an ecological survey in 65 Chinese rural counties. Univariate correlation and multivariate regression analysis showed that consumption of animal foods, including eggs, fish and meat, was positively linked to county-wide mortality rates of breast cancer in Chinese women. No clear associations between breast cancer mortality rates and consumption of green vegetables, carrots and fruits were observed in this study. A modest inverse correlation between serum vitamin C levels and breast cancer mortality was observed, while selenium levels were positively related to the mortality rates. Positive correlations for serum ferritin and hemoglobin were found, in agreement with recent reports of an elevated cancer risk with increased body iron stores. Limitations of these ecological data preclude causal inferences, but the findings provide clues to breast cancer risk and protective factors in a low incidence area of the world.
Beginning at hatching, chicks were fed a Basal diet, without vitamin E or selenium (Se) or the same diet supplemented with vitamin E (100 IU/kg) and Se (0.2 ppm). The effect of these treatments on the expression of cell surface markers (CT-1a, CD3, CD4, CD8, sIgs, and Ia) defining specific thymocyte and peripheral blood leukocyte (PBL) subpopulations were examined using flow cytometric analyses. In parallel studies the effect of the dietary deficiencies on splenocyte proliferative responses to ConA or PHA stimulation was examined. The mean expression of CD3 and CT-1a per cell was increased while CD8 and CD4 expression was decreased on thymocytes from chicks fed the Basal diet. The proportion of double negative (CD4-, CD8-) thymocytes and single positive CD8+ thymocytes was significantly decreased while single positive CD4+ and double positive (CD4+, CD8+) thymocytes were significantly increased by the dietary vitamin E and Se deficiencies. The dietary deficiencies resulted in a decreased proportion of peripheral T cells and specifically decreased the number of CD4+ PBL. The proliferative response to both ConA and PHA was impaired by the vitamin E and Se dietary deficiencies. The proliferative response could be fully reconstituted but only after vitamin E and Se supplementation for periods longer than 1 week. Plasma SeGSHpx and alpha-tocopherol levels paralleled the mitogen responsiveness observed. These results support the conclusion that vitamin E and Se deficiencies may affect both the maturation of specific lymphocyte subpopulations and the functional and proliferative capabilities of the peripheral lymphocytes.
An increased concentration of gastrin was observed in plasma of male Sprague-Dawley strain rats fed on soybean protein diet for a 9-month period, compared with rats fed on casein diet. Both diets contained 0.5% (w/w) cholesterol. Protein-dependent differences were also observed in the fatty acid pattern of hepatic phospholipids, hepatic delta 6-desaturase activity, and plasma cholesterol. No signs of arteriosclerosis were observed in the aortas. Sixty percent of the hearts showed various degrees of lipid staining in coronary arterial branches of different sizes. Despite a large difference in plasma cholesterol level, there was no quantitative or qualitative difference between groups in the occurrence of coronary lipid staining.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the influence on blood pressure, glucose, and lipid levels of a diet rich in monounsaturated fatty acids with an isocaloric, high-carbohydrate diet in 15 NIDDM subjects. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A crossover design with diet interventions and wash-out periods of 3 wk was applied. The patients were randomly assigned to a 3-wk treatment with a high-carbohydrate diet containing 50% of energy as carbohydrate and 30% of energy as fat (10% of energy as monounsaturated fatty acids) or an isocaloric diet with 30% of energy as carbohydrate and 50% of energy as fat (30% of energy as monounsaturated fatty acids). On the last day of the two diets, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure was measured and day profiles of glucose, hormones, and lipids were performed to a test menu rich in carbohydrates. RESULTS: The diet rich in monounsaturated fat reduced daytime systolic (131 +/- 3 vs. 137 +/- 3 mmHg, P < 0.04) and 24-h systolic blood pressure (126 +/- 8 vs. 130 +/- 10 mmHg, P < 0.03) as well as daytime diastolic (78 +/- 2 vs. 84 +/- 2 mmHg, P < 0.02) and diurnal diastolic blood pressure (75 +/- 6 vs. 78 +/- 5 mmHg, P < 0.03) as compared with the high-carbohydrate diet. Evidence of lowered blood glucose levels on the high-monounsaturated diet compared with the high-carbohydrate diet were found with lower fasting blood glucose (6.1 +/- 0.3 vs. 6.8 +/- 0.5 mM, P < 0.05), lower average blood glucose levels (7.4 +/- 0.5 vs. 8.2 +/- 0.6 mM, P < 0.04), and peak blood glucose responses (9.9 +/- 0.6 vs. 11.3 +/- 0.7 mM, P < 0.02). The two diets had the same impact on lipid levels. CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in monounsaturated fat has beneficial effects on blood pressure and glucose metabolism, whereas no adverse effects on lipid composition in NIDDM subjects is detected. 
The use of low-protein diets for the management of progressive renal insufficiency may require increases in dietary fats to maintain caloric balance. This raises the concern that such diets might exacerbate the lipid problems already prevalent in chronic renal insufficiency. We present a study in which protein-restricted diets were followed by a group of patients with renal insufficiency without a compensatory increase in fat calories and without adverse effects on serum lipids. Ninety-six patients with renal insufficiency were enrolled in the feasibility phase of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study and were assigned to dietary protein intakes of 1.3, 0.575, or 0.28 g/kg body weight/d. The last diet was supplemented with amino acids or their keto analogs. Of this group, 25 participants were excluded from the present study of lipids because of changes in their intake of medications with known effects on serum lipids, three were excluded because of proteinuria increasing by more than 2 g/d, and seven were excluded because of incomplete measurements. For the remaining 61 participants, median serum total cholesterol at baseline was 215 mg/dL. In 72% of participants it exceeded the age- and sex-adjusted median of the Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study. Glomerular filtration rates varied from 8 to 56 mL/min/1.73 m2. The patients' serum lipid levels were stable by 6 months on assigned diets. Serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels tended to decrease with reduced protein intake. The baseline to follow-up change in protein intake calculated from urinary urea measurements was significantly correlated with the change in serum total cholesterol (Spearman r = 0.31, P < 0.05) and also with change in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = 0.34, P < 0.01). Surprisingly, correlations between change in serum cholesterol and intake of fats were small in magnitude and did not approach statistical significance. Protein intake did correlate, however, with intake of cholesterol. We conclude that the use of low-protein diets for patients with renal insufficiency did not adversely affect serum lipids.
The effect of an increased intake of wheat selenium (Se) on platelet Se, serum Se, whole-blood Se, and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) levels was investigated in 14 healthy Norwegian females (age 21-53 years). The intake of 60 micrograms Se per day as wheat Se, for six weeks, significantly increased the platelet Se (mean +/- SEM) from 9.1 +/- 1.1 mumol/L to 11.4 +/- 0.9 mumol/L, the serum Se from 1.43 +/- 0.18 mumol/L to 1.63 +/- 0.25 mumol/L, and the whole blood Se from 1.77 +/- 0.18 mumol/L to 2.01 +/- 0.18 mumol/L. The increase in percent of initial Se values was twice as high for platelets as for serum and whole blood. The GSH-Px levels were not altered during the experiment. Platelet Se was not significantly correlated to the Se intake initially. At the end of the experimental period, the Se in platelets reflected the total Se intake, but not with a simple linear correlation. No significant correlation between the total Se intake and the Se concentration in whole blood or serum was found.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the impact of race on the relationship between sodium intake and blood pressure. METHODS: We examined the blood pressure levels and 24-h urinary sodium excretion of 808 (355 Black, 453 Caucasian) union members who participated in a workplace hypertension control program. The 808 study subjects, who met the criterion for accuracy of urine collection, included 627 untreated hypertensives (systolic blood pressure > or = 160 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure > or = 95 mmHg, or both) and 181 normotensives (blood pressure < 160/95 mmHg). RESULTS: In univariate analysis, the age-adjusted mean diastolic blood pressure levels of the Black subjects exceeded those of the Caucasian subjects at a significance level that was marginal for the male and very high for the female subjects. No differences were observed in mean systolic blood pressure between the Black and Caucasian subjects. Within each racial grouping, the subjects were grouped by sex-specific tertile of urinary sodium excretion in order to compare baseline characteristics and blood pressure levels. Small differences between the Black and Caucasian males in age-adjusted blood pressure within each urinary sodium excretion category were further diminished after adjusting for confounding factors. Significant differences between the Black and Caucasian females in age-adjusted diastolic blood pressure within each urinary sodium excretion group became non-significant when further adjusted for weight or body mass index, or both. These findings are in agreement with those observed in multiple linear regression models. CONCLUSION: In this socio-economically homogeneous group, when confounding factors are considered, Black and Caucasian subjects have similar blood pressure levels at the same level of 24-h urinary sodium excretion. Ethnicity itself was not found to influence the relationship between sodium intake and blood pressure. 
Glutathione may function as an anticarcinogen by acting as an antioxidant or by binding with cellular mutagens. Orally administered glutathione increases plasma glutathione levels, and plasma glutathione is also synthesized in the liver. To investigate the associations between glutathione intake and plasma glutathione level, we compared dietary intake estimates from food frequency questionnaire data and measured concentrations of plasma total glutathione and other serum antioxidants in 69 white men and women. Daily glutathione intake ranged from 13.0 to 109.9 mg (mean 34.8 mg). Fruits and vegetables were found to contribute over 50% of usual dietary glutathione intake, whereas meats contributed less than 25%. Small negative correlations were observed between dietary and plasma glutathione and, although they were usually not statistically significant, they were generally consistent by different time periods of dietary intake assessment. Adjustment for sex, age, caloric intake, and dietary intake of the sulfur-containing amino acids methionine and cystine did not alter the observed associations. The correlations appeared to be modified, however, by serum vitamin C concentration, with little or no association between dietary and plasma glutathione among those with lower levels of serum vitamin C and stronger negative correlations among those with higher serum vitamin C levels. These findings indicate that factors regulating plasma glutathione concentration are complex and not simply related to dietary glutathione intake or supply of precursor amino acids.
Abdominal obesity and hyperinsulinemia are associated with abnormalities in lipid metabolism and are important risk factors for coronary artery disease. Because hyperinsulinemia frequently accompanies abdominal obesity, it is unclear whether each is independently related to lipid abnormalities. Dietary saturated fat may influence these associations since it is associated with elevated lipid levels, obesity and hyperinsulinemia. Abdominal obesity (indexed as abdomen-to-hip circumference ratio), serum insulin level and dietary saturated fat intake were examined in relation to serum levels of lipids and lipoproteins in 878 male participants of the Normative Aging Study. Abdomen-to-hip ratio and insulin level were inversely related to high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (r = -0.17 and -0.21, respectively), and positively related to triglycerides (r = 0.25 and 0.36, respectively). Saturated fat intake was positively related to body mass index (r = 0.20), abdomen-to-hip ratio (r = 0.13), and insulin level (r = 0.10). In multiple linear regression models, abdomen-to-hip ratio was positively related to triglycerides and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) after adjusting for the effects of body mass index, alcohol intake, age, cigarette smoking and physical activity level, but was not significantly related to HDL-C. When serum insulin level was included as a covariate, abdomen-to-hip ratio remained significantly related to LDL-C and triglycerides, although its relationship with triglycerides was attenuated. Insulin level remained inversely related to HDL-C and triglycerides in multivariate models which adjusted for the effects of abdomen-to-hip ratio and BMI.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The relation of habitual diet and cardiorespiratory fitness to plasma fibrinogen concentration, Factor VII activity (F VIIc), Factor X activity (F X), tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA), plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1) concentrations, anti-thrombin III (AT III) and apolipoprotein(a) (Apo[a]) was analyzed in 111 normolipidemic men aged 51-53 years. Diet was evaluated by seven day food records. Maximal oxygen consumption and aerobic threshold were determined in maximal bicycle ergospirometry test based on breath-by-breath analysis of expired respiratory gas. Plasma fibrinogen was measured by thrombin method, F VIIc by one-stage coagulation method, AT III and F X colorimetrically, t-PA and PAI-1 antigens by ELISA and Apo(a) concentration radioimmunologically. Carbohydrate intake was negatively (r = -0.31, p < 0.001; r = -0.24, p < 0.01; r = -0.36, p < 0.001) and fat intake positively (r = 0.24, p < 0.01; r = 0.29, p < 0.001; r = 0.32, p < 0.001) related to F X, PAI-1, and t-PA, respectively. Aerobic threshold correlated negatively with fibrinogen (r = -0.33, p < 0.001) and F X (r = -0.30, p < 0.001). Fasting insulin was the strongest determinant for PAI-1 (r = 0.55, p < 0.001) and a significant positive correlate to F VIIc (r = 0.30, p < 0.001), F X (r = 0.28, p < 0.01) and t-PA (r = 0.47, p < 0.001). These data emphasize the importance that carbohydrate rich diet and cardiorespiratory fitness may have against thrombogenesis.
BACKGROUND: The relation between alcohol intake and insulin levels may explain, in part, the reported associations of alcohol with cardiovascular disease risk factors, including high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, and glucose levels, each of which has been recognized as a component of the insulin resistance syndrome. METHODS AND RESULTS: Subjects included nondiabetic participants of the Kaiser Permanente Women Twins Study (1989 through 1990). Usual alcohol intake was assessed as part of a food frequency questionnaire. For women from twin pairs in which both twins drank (n = 338), an increment of 12 g of alcohol per day (about one drink) was associated with an 8% lower 2-hour post-glucose-load insulin (P < .01) in a multiple regression analysis for twin data, adjusted for age, body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, total caloric intake, and family history of diabetes. With genetic influences removed by matched analysis of the subset of 98 monozygotic twin pairs, an intrapair difference of 12 g of alcohol per day was associated with a 12.4% intrapair decrement in postload insulin (P < .01). Inverse associations were also seen for fasting insulin. Alcohol consumption was inversely associated with postload glucose but not with fasting glucose in unmatched (P = .05) and matched (P = .005) analyses. A significant positive association of alcohol intake with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and an inverse relation of alcohol intake with triglycerides were each independent of insulin levels (P < or = .02 in the matched models). Neither systolic nor diastolic blood pressures were related to alcohol consumption in this sample, perhaps because of the rather low level of alcohol intake in the study population (median, 4 g/d). CONCLUSIONS: Within the range of light to moderate drinking habits, alcohol consumption was inversely related to fasting and postload insulin levels. This relation did not explain associations of alcohol intake with lipid levels and may instead reflect an additional mechanism by which moderate alcohol consumption impacts cardiovascular disease risk. 
Hamsters fed a lithogenic diet become hyperlipemic with elevated very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and high-density lipoprotein 2 (HDL2) cholesterol pools and develop lithogenic bile in which chenodeoxycholate (cheno) typically predominates. The relationship between these distorted lipoprotein and bile lipid profiles and gallstone induction was investigated in male Syrian hamsters fed for 5 weeks a gallstone-inducing purified diet (5% butter, 0.4% cholesterol) or the same diet supplemented with 5% psyllium or 1% cholestyramine, agents known to alter bile acid metabolism. The gallstone diet essentially doubled plasma cholesterol level, whereas psyllium decreased it to near normal, and cholestyramine to a subnormal level, while correcting the distorted distribution of cholesterol among lipoproteins. Both the gallstone diet and psyllium produced cholesterol-laden livers, in contrast to subnormal values produced by cholestyramine. Fecal bile acid excretion was increased eightfold with cholestyramine and fourfold with psyllium relative to the value produced by the gallstone diet and a literature control value. Supersaturated bile developed with the gallstone diet (lithogenic index [LI], 2.3 +/- 0.6), whereas the LI was decreased by psyllium (1.2 +/- 0.4) and cholestyramine (0.7 +/- 0.3). The gallstone diet decreased the concentration of bile acids in gallbladder bile, but greatly increased the percentage of taurochenodeoxycholic acid, whereas psyllium preferentially decreased all taurine-conjugated bile acid levels and expanded glycocholate output. Cholestyramine greatly decreased the secretion of biliary cholesterol and cheno independent of its conjugation. Accordingly, psyllium increased the glycine to taurine ratio of gallbladder bile fivefold, whereas cholestyramine did not affect this ratio, but increased the cholate to cheno ratio dramatically (25-fold) as compared with a threefold increase with psyllium. This combination of biliary lipid and bile acid alterations induced coordinated responses in the LI and the hydrophobicity index (HI) such that cholesterol gallstones developed in 11 of 12 hamsters fed the gallstone diet, whereas only one of 11 of the psyllium-fed and none of 12 cholestyramine-fed hamsters had cholesterol stones. Thus, psyllium and cholestyramine differentially increased bile acid excretion, which improved the lipoprotein profile and inhibited cholesterol gallstone formation. Both agents operated by different means to decrease biliary cholesterol secretion and the percentage of cheno, which decreased the LI and HI, respectively.
Both the human and animal literatures suggest that reactivity to stress is enhanced in the presence of a positive family history of hypertension. There is also some suggestive evidence, though not as strong, that a high-salt diet will enhance reactivity to stress, at least in a subpopulation of individuals. In the present study, rats with zero (Wistar-Kyoto, or WKY), one (borderline hypertensive, or BHR), or two (spontaneously hypertensive, or SHR) hypertensive parents were placed on a normal or high (8% in chow)-salt diet for 8 weeks starting at 8 weeks of age. After 6 weeks on the appropriate diet, rats were stressed daily for 5 days. Each session consisted of 28 foot shock trials preceded by a tone. On the following week, animals were instrumented with femoral artery catheters. After a 2-day recovery period, they were again subjected to the experimental paradigm, during which blood pressure was continuously monitored. Differences were found with respect to blood pressure reactivity and family history: SHR were the most reactive to the tone associated with foot shock. However, no effects of salt on reactivity were observed, despite an effect of this manipulation on basal blood pressure. The effect of foot shock itself was also studied, and revealed that BHR showed a blood pressure reactivity response intermediate between SHR and WKY. Once again, no effects of the salt manipulation were seen. In conclusion, while the data support a relationship between family history of hypertension and reactivity to stress, they do not support a relationship between salt intake and reactivity to stress.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
In 1988 a European multicentre, randomized trial was started in order to analyse the influence of protein intake on the progression of chronic renal failure in children. Compliance to the dietary prescriptions, i.e. protein intake, was checked by written dietary diaries and in addition by urinary urea-N excretion. This provided a unique chance to compare both methods in non-hospitalized children. Of a total of 200 patients 123 were selected, in whom at least 4 consecutive dietary diaries plus 4 completely collected 24-hour urine samples were available. Whereas urea-N excretion and simultaneously recorded protein intake did not correlate well, mean urinary urea-N excretion and mean protein intake of at least 4 observations in each patient correlated highly (r = 0.803, p = 0.0001). The difference between protein-N intake and urea-N excretion was not a constant amount of 0.031 g/kg/day as proposed by Maroni et al. [1985] but figured at 0.085 +/- 0.061 g/kg/day and was highly correlated to protein intake (r = 0.839, p = 0.0001). The correlation of protein intake and urea-N excretion was best described by the formula: protein-intake (g/kg/day) = (urea-N excretion [g/kg/day]x 15.39) -0.8 or protein intake (g/kg/day) = urea-N excretion (g/kg/day) x 9.5. Maroni's formula underestimated the high protein intake of young children. In only a few patients dietary diaries severely underestimated protein intake as compared to calculation by urea-N excretion.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Previous research indicated that prunes in the diet of men with hypercholesterolemia lowered plasma and LDL cholesterol concentrations. To further study lipid metabolism in response to ingesting prunes, we conducted an animal study to test the hypotheses that fiber extracted from prunes, compared with purified cellulose, lowers plasma and liver cholesterol in rats with diet-induced hyperlipidemia and that the response is dose dependent. Rats were randomly assigned to one of five experimental diet groups. Four of the diets contained cholesterol and cholic acid to induce hyperlipidemia. The fiber source in the hyperlipidemic diets was 6% cellulose, 3% prune fiber, 6% prune fiber or 3% pectin. The fifth group, the nonhyperlipidemic control, was fed a diet containing 6% cellulose without cholesterol or cholic acid. Rats consumed one of the five diets ad libitum for 28 d, then were killed after 16 h without food. Plasma, LDL and liver cholesterol concentrations were higher in the hyperlipidemic control than the nonhyperlipidemic control and lower in the groups fed diets containing pectin or prune fiber than in the hyperlipidemic control group. No differences in plasma or liver cholesterol concentrations were detected between groups fed either dose level of prune fiber or between groups fed 6% prune fiber and pectin. These results indicate that fiber extracted from prunes lowers plasma and liver cholesterol in hyperlipidemic rats, although a dose-dependent response was not detected.
In connection with a population-based study on familial and non-familial determinants of serum total cholesterol an interviewer-administered short questionnaire, including 21 food items, and a qualitative fat index based on four questions were developed. Subjects for the validation study, 51 women and 31 men, aged 16-71 years, were selected from the population-based study (n = 892). The short questionnaire and the qualitative fat index were validated with a 3 day food record as the reference method. The short questionnaire captured 90-97% of the mean intakes of total fat, saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids and cholesterol. The Pearson correlation coefficients between the fat intakes based on the questionnaire and the diet records were strongest for the intake of total fat (r = 0.80). The qualitative fat index was based on four questions concerning type of fat: the higher the scores the higher the intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids. The Spearman correlation coefficients between the qualitative fat index and the intakes based on the diet records were -0.55 for saturated, 0.34 for monounsaturated and 0.52 for polyunsaturated fatty acids. The respective correlation for the P/S ratio (total amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids/saturated fatty acids) and the PM/S ratio (total amounts of polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fatty acids/saturated fatty acids) were 0.50 and 0.53. An inverse association between serum total cholesterol and the qualitative fat index was found in the whole study population, suggesting the impact of dietary fat on serum cholesterol in this study population. In conclusion, the short questionnaire proved to be accurate in measuring the intake of different fatty acids at the group level, whereas the simpler fat index measured the quality of fat quite well.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the clinical relevance of the newly described circulating pressor factor with parathyroid hypertensive factor (PHF)-like activity. DESIGN: Plasma samples were collected from 94 normotensive and 93 essential hypertensive subjects, the latter either previously defined by dietary salt sensitivity (n = 43), or prospectively studied on both low- (< 50 mmol/day) and high-salt (> 200 mmol/day) diets (n = 16). METHODS: Blood pressure, demographic factors, plasma renin activity (PRA), urinary electrolyte excretion and bioassayable PHF-like activity were determined in the fasted state on basal and altered dietary salt intakes. RESULTS: Among the normotensive subjects significantly higher PHF-like activity and reciprocally lower PRA values were observed in Black versus Caucasian subjects, particularly among females. In the hypertensive subjects PHF-like activity levels were significantly elevated in the low- (17.1 +/- 1.5 mmHg, n = 34) and normal- (6.7 +/- 1.8 mmHg, n = 36) but not in the high-renin subgroups compared with values in the normotensive subjects (1.6 +/- 1.1 mmHg). Similarly, PHF-like activity values were significantly higher in salt-sensitive than in salt-insensitive hypertensives. Prospectively, PHF-like activity rose significantly with salt loading (4.9 +/- 1.2 to 20.4 +/- 6.2 mmHg) and was positively related (r = 0.648, P < 0.001) to the pressor response to salt. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated levels of PHF-like activity are characteristic of the low-renin or salt-sensitive state, or both, and may contribute to the hypertensive process. Elevated PHF-like activity levels found in normotensive subjects may presage the development of low-renin, salt-sensitive hypertension. 
Previous investigations suggest that dietary sources of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) contribute to the PAH-DNA adduct load in peripheral white blood cells (WBCs). In the current study, we measured PAH-DNA adducts by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in WBCs obtained from 47 California wildland (forest) firefighters at two time points (early and late) during an active forest fire season. PAH-DNA adduct levels were not associated with recent firefighting activity, but were positively associated with frequency of charbroiled food consumption in the previous 2 weeks. In addition, adduct levels declined with time since last ingestion of charbroiled food. These studies indicate that recent consumption of charbroiled food contributes to the PAH-DNA adduct load in peripheral WBCs.
The relationship between risk factors for CHD such as physical activity, cardiovascular fitness, subcutaneous body fat, dietary intake characteristics, age, and sex with the blood lipid profile was examined in 39 boys and 58 girls aged 10-15 yr. In boys, a high level of physical activity was related to higher concentrations of HDL-C (r = 0.32, P < 0.05), as well as to lower concentrations of VLDL-C, total triglycerides (TG), and the ratio of total cholesterol (TC) to HDL-C (r = -0.42; -0.40, both P < 0.01; and -0.37, P < 0.05). A high sum of 10 skinfolds (sigma 10SF) was related to a higher ratio of TC/HDL-C (r = 0.35; P < 0.05). In girls, physical activity was positively related to HDL-C (r = 0.29; P < 0.05). The sigma 10SF showed a negative association with Apo A-I and HDL-C (r = -0.26, -0.29, both P < 0.05) and a positive association with apolipoprotein B (Apo B) (r = 0.28, P < 0.05). Cardiovascular fitness was not significantly related to any of the blood lipid concentrations, in either boys or girls. Intake of saturated fats and dietary cholesterol was positively related to TC levels in boys, but the associations failed to reach statistical significance (r = 0.34 and r = 0.31, P > 0.05) due to the small sample size (N = 32).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
1. Selenium status was investigated in patients with chronic renal failure, with special regard to its relations to the dialysis treatments, dietary habits and clinical signs of atherosclerosis. 2. Serum selenium concentration and platelet glutathione peroxidase activity were measured in 45 patients with chronic renal failure subdivided into three groups according to the type of treatment: 15 non-dialysed, 15 on haemodialysis, 15 on continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis. A 7-day diet history was carried out in all patients. Seventeen of the patients with chronic renal failure had clinically overt cardiovascular disease. Forty-five age-matched healthy subjects were considered as controls. 3. Both serum selenium concentration and platelet glutathione peroxidase were significantly reduced in all patients with chronic renal failure compared with control subjects; a direct and significant correlation was found between the two parameters. No differences in selenium status were observed among the non-dialysed, haemodialysis and continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis groups. No correlation between total calorie or protein intakes and selenium indices were observed. The chronic renal failure patients with cardiovascular complications showed a further significant reduction in both serum selenium concentration and platelet glutathione peroxidase activity as compared with the patients without cardiovascular complications; these two groups were similar with respect to the other well-known cardiovascular risk factors (age, smoking, plasma lipids, hypertension, body mass index). 4. It is concluded that a low selenium concentration is present in chronic renal failure, which is independent of dialysis and is accompanied by biological repercussion in terms of reduced platelet glutathione peroxidase activity.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
It has been recommended that U.S. children increase their dietary intake of fruits and vegetables. Measuring diets of children to support and evaluate nutritional interventions can be a difficult task, however. We administered to 97 parents of children age 6-10 years a food frequency questionnaire on their children's usual dietary intake over the previous 3 months. We then compared these reports by parents of their children's intakes of fruits and vegetables, and the derived estimates of intake of carotenoids and vitamins C, A, and E, with the children's serum levels of carotenoids and vitamins C, A, and E. The dietary reports of intakes of 35 fruits and vegetables showed Spearman rank-order correlations of 0.30 with serum carotenoids and 0.34 with serum vitamin C. Children in the highest quartile for intake of fruits and vegetables according to their parents' food frequency reports had 35% higher carotene levels and 31% higher vitamin C levels in their serum than did children in the lowest quartile for intake of fruits and vegetables. We conclude that parental reports of young children's diets using food frequency methods are accurate enough to be useful in nutritional screening and dietary surveillance of fruit and vegetable intake.
Young male Wistar rats were fed on a Ca-deficient diet for 3 weeks, after which dietary Ca was restored with either CaCO3 or CaCO3 + xylitol (5% per weight). Citric acid, Ca, Mg, Zn and P were determined in the tibia and femur at the beginning and after 2 and 4 weeks of rehabilitation, and serum and urinary citric acid and serum 1,25(OH)2D3, parathyroid hormone (PTH) and calcitonin were measured at the same points in time. The diminished bone Ca (p < 0.001) after 3 weeks of deficiency did not reduce the bone citric acid concentration, although serum citrate increased markedly. Simultaneously the serum 1,25(OH)2D3 concentration more than doubled and PTH increased (p < 0.01). Rehabilitation with CaCO3 + xylitol reduced the 1,25(OH)2D3 concentration to below the control level (p < 0.05), while serum citric acid remained elevated. CaCO3 alone normalized the elevated hormone and citric acid levels in the serum. Dietary CaCO3 and CaCO3 + xylitol normalized the PTH concentration equally well. The gain in bone Ca after 4 weeks of rehabilitation was significantly greater when xylitol was added compared with CaCO3 alone (p < 0.05). Only the 4-week CaCO3 + xylitol group attained the bone Ca concentration of the controls. Xylitol supplementation seems to affect the serum citric acid concentration independent of 1,25(OH)2D3 and PTH concentrations. The elevated citric acid concentration could be associated with increasing bone Ca.
The relative validity of a 104-item food-frequency method to assess intakes of fats and cholesterol was tested against the dietary history of 191 men and women. Pearson correlation coefficients ranged from 0.38 for linoleic acid (% of energy) to 0.83 for energy intake, with 0.78 and 0.75 for the intakes of total fat and saturated fatty acids, respectively. Mean intakes were overestimated by the food-frequency questionnaire relative to the dietary history by 5% for energy and monounsaturated fatty acids (% of energy) and up to 30% for linoleic acid intake. Linoleic acid concentrations in erythrocytes and adipose tissue were used as biomarkers of intake. The correlation of the linoleic acid intake according to the food-frequency questionnaire with linoleic acid in erythrocytes and adipose tissue was 0.44 and 0.28, respectively, and the dietary history gave similar values. The food-frequency questionnaire gives results similar to those from the dietary history and is thus considered appropriate for classifying subjects according to their fat intake.
Eicosanoids, the enzymatically oxygenated products of arachidonic acid (AA), appear to be overproduced in some disorders of inflammation. Dietary strategies for decreasing tissue AA require information on the relationships between dietary linoleic acid (LA) and tissue concentrations of AA. The use of either high- or low-LA spreads and cooking oils by healthy male volunteers resulted in a range of LA intakes of 2.5-17.5% of energy, as estimated by diet-diary analysis. Analysis of LA and AA concentrations in neutrophils and plasma lipid fractions from these subjects indicated that there were positive linear relationships between dietary LA and the LA concentrations in neutrophil phospholipids, plasma triglycerides, and plasma cholesteryl esters. By contrast, differences in dietary LA within a broad range were not associated with differences in concentrations of AA in these same neutrophil and plasma fractions. AA concentrations were decreased by supplementation of the diet with 4 g fish oil (1.6 g eicosapentaenoic acid, 0.3 g docosahexaenoic acid). The results suggest that the LA content of tissue lipids may be used to estimate LA intake, and the reduction of dietary LA by using standard dietary strategies is not likely to lead to reduction in tissue AA whereas this can be accomplished by fish-oil supplementation.
This study describes associations between early-stage endometrial cancer and type of dietary fat consumed, based on (i) adipose tissue fatty acid content (a biomarker for dietary fat) and (ii) self-reported frequencies of selected high-fat foods. Because obesity may be associated with high dietary fat intake as well as endometrial cancer, a secondary objective is to determine whether the observed dietary associations are statistically independent of body composition, assessed as percent body fat. To achieve these aims, we examined 20 cases of endometrial cancer in remission and 20 community controls, all aged 55-64. Abdominal adipose tissue biopsies from cases contained significantly higher concentrations of saturated fatty acids of intermediate chain length (C12-C16), lower ratios of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids (P:S ratio), and lower concentrations of C18 polyunsaturated as well as C18 saturated fatty acids. These differences were independent of degree of adiposity measured in a whole body 40K counter and several measurements of regional fat distribution. In addition, each subject's consumption of 20 high-fat items was reported by means of a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Analysis of these data indicated that cases consumed more animal-derived fats, again independent of obesity. In particular, cases used more butter in cooking, ate more bacon, and drank more whole milk. Animal-derived fat intake displayed an inverse association both with the P:S ratio and the C18 polyunsaturated fatty acid content of adipose tissue, lending internal validity to the dietary data. These findings are consistent with the hypothesis that the type of dietary fat consumed may influence the occurrence of endometrial cancer.
1. We hypothesized that differences within genes whose protein products are involved in apolipoprotein B metabolism could influence the response of plasma apolipoprotein B-containing lipoprotein concentrations to increases in dietary fibre. 2. We studied 67 subjects (43 men and 24 women) who had taken part in parallel 2 week metabolic dietary studies involving either wheat bran or oat bran supplementation. Fasting blood lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations were measured at the start and end of the 2 week metabolic period. Genotypes were determined using DNA markers for the low-density lipoprotein receptor, apolipoprotein B, apolipoprotein CIII and hepatic lipase gene loci. 3. Reductions in plasma concentrations of apolipoprotein B were significantly different depending on genotype determined with a low-density lipoprotein receptor DNA marker (P = 0.03). There was no significant variation in the reduction of plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol or apolipoprotein B concentrations for alleles of other genes tested. 4. Thus, genetic variability is associated with interindividual differences in the fibre-related reduction in plasma apolipoprotein B and apolipoprotein B-containing lipoprotein concentrations. Implementation of current dietary recommendations to reduce plasma lipoprotein levels with fibre may have variable effects in different individuals in part because of structural differences in candidate genes whose products are involved in lipoprotein metabolism.
IgA-class antiendomysium antibodies (IgA-EmAs) are a very sensitive and specific serological marker of celiac sprue. Using an indirect immunofluorescent method, we evaluated the kinetics of the antibody titers both during a gluten-free diet and after gluten was added, comparing them with the intestinal histological pattern. The IgA-EmA titers were evaluated on sera from 91 untreated adults with biopsy-proven celiac sprue and, when positive, were reappraised after different durations of gluten-free diet. Antibody titers were also retested in eight adolescents who had voluntarily discontinued the diet while they were on a free diet. The IgA-EmAs were detectable in 85 of 91 (93.40%) patients but in none of the 438 controls (100% specificity). The antibody titers ranged from 1:5 to 1:2,000 or more and the intestinal histopathological pattern paralleled the antibody titers. After gluten withdrawal, IgA-EmA titers declined to zero in all patients complying with their diet. Modifications in gut histopathologic condition paralleled IgA-EmA kinetics, although seroconversion to negativity preceded mucosal recovery. After a gluten rechallenge, deterioration in gut histopathologic condition followed EmA reversion to positivity. Three negative IgA-EmA tests did not reflect a worsening in gut histopathologic condition after a gluten-containing diet, thus making the diagnosis of celiac sprue uncertain.
We compared the intake of 12 micronutrients as reported on a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire with corresponding biochemical indicators of nutrient status in a sample of 57 males and 82 females aged 40-83 y. Age-, sex-and energy-adjusted correlation coefficients ranged from near zero for thiamin, vitamin A, and zinc to 0.63 for folate. Correlation coefficients between intake and the biochemical measures were > 0.30 for carotenoids, vitamin D, vitamin E, vitamin B-12, folate, and vitamin C. Differences of 50% or more were observed between extreme quartiles of intake for mean plasma concentrations of folate, vitamin B-12, and vitamin C. Excluding nutrient supplement users generally reduced the correlations. These data demonstrate that food frequency questionnaires can provide valid information on intake for a number of micronutrients.
Association of serum lipids with metabolic control and diet were studied in 72 young subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Data on food consumption were collected by the 48-h recall method. Glycosylated haemoglobin (Hb) A1 was used as a measure of metabolic control. There were no differences between males and females in the mean values for serum total cholesterol (TC, 4.5 and 4.9 mmol/l, respectively), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C, 2.7 and 3.0 mmol/l), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C, 1.3 and 1.4 mmol/l), or serum triglycerides (TG, 1.1 and 1.0 mmol/l). Diabetic subjects who were in better metabolic control (HbA1 < 10.5%), when compared with those in poorer control (HbA1 > or = 10.5%) had lower TC and TG values and a higher HDL-C/TC ratio. HbA1 level and intake of saturated fatty acids were positively associated with serum TC and LDL-C values and explained 14% and 15% of the variation in TC and LDL-C, respectively. HbA1 level and insulin dose per kg of body weight were positively associated with serum TG values and explained 30% of the variation in TG. Serum TC and LDL-C levels of young subjects with IDDM could be lowered by improving their metabolic control and decreasing their saturated fatty acid intake.
Chromium metabolism of lactating women was evaluated by measuring diet, breast milk, urine, and serum chromium in 17 subjects 60 d postpartum. Breast milk chromium concentration was similar for the 3 d of collection with a mean +/- SE concentration of 3.54 +/- 0.40 nmol/L (0.18 ng/mL). Dietary intake and urinary chromium values were also similar for each of the 3 collection days. Total chromium intake of lactating mothers (0.79 +/- 0.08 mumol/d) was greater than that of reference female subjects (0.48 +/- 0.02). There was a significant correlation (r = 0.84) between serum chromium and urinary chromium excretion. If a breast milk volume of 715 mL is assumed, chromium intake of exclusively breast-fed infants is < 2% of the estimated safe and adequate daily intake of 10 micrograms. In summary, breast milk chromium content is independent of dietary chromium intake and serum or urinary chromium values. Chromium intake also did not correlate with serum or urine chromium but there was a significant relationship between serum and urinary chromium concentrations.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of apolipoprotein E phenotype, which is an important genetic factor determining plasma cholesterol level, on plasma lipoprotein metabolism during a 7-day diet therapy of diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Diet therapy was performed in 242 subjects with NIDDM. Plasma lipid levels and apolipoprotein A-I, B, and E levels on hospital days 2 and 9 were compared in three phenotype groups, epsilon 2 (E2/2, and E2/3), epsilon 3 (E3/3), and epsilon 4 (E3/4 and E4/4). RESULTS: No differences were observed in fasting blood glucose level, body mass index, age, duration of NIDDM, or medication among the three phenotype groups. Before starting the treatment, total plasma cholesterol did not vary by apolipoprotein E phenotype, although the mean plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level in epsilon 4 patients was higher than in either epsilon 3 or epsilon 2 patients (epsilon 4, 145 +/- 42; epsilon 3, 131 +/- 34; epsilon 2, 128 +/- 36 mg/dl; P < 0.05). Changes in fasting blood glucose/body mass index after the 7-day treatment were not different among the apolipoprotein E phenotype groups, whereas the decrease in plasma cholesterol level after the treatment was significantly greater in epsilon 2 patients than in either epsilon 3 or epsilon 4 patients (epsilon 2, 10.3 +/- 14.2; epsilon 3, 6.1 +/- 11.0; epsilon 4, 3.8 +/- 9.6%; P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Total plasma cholesterol response to in-hospital diet therapy varies by apolipoprotein E phenotypes, with subjects with apolipoprotein E2 showing the greatest response, whereas those with apolipoprotein E4 show the least. We suggest that subjects with apolipoprotein E4 should be controlled more strictly than other subjects from a viewpoint of reducing plasma cholesterol levels. 
Plasma lipids obtained from swine which had been fed butter or margarine at two dietary magnesium (Mg) levels indicated that the level of dietary Mg was more significant to plasma total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels than was the presence of butter or margarine. At 270 mg Mg/kg, which is considered adequate for swine, there was a significant difference in the plasma TC between swine fed margarine and those fed butterfat (105 and 126 mg %, respectively). Plasma LDL-C was higher in swine fed butter than in those fed margarine (88 and 71 mg %, respectively). In swine fed an additional 247 mg Mg/kg, however, there was no significant difference in plasma TC between those fed margarine or butter. Although at 247 mg Mg/kg, however, there was no significant difference in plasma TC between those fed margarine or butter. Although at 247 mg Mg/kg plasma LDL-C was higher in swine fed margarine and HDL-C was higher in those fed butter, there were no significant differences in the order parameters of LDL and HDL. Studies in which the influences of dietary fats on plasma cholesterol were first noted were carried out on liquid diets deficient in Mg. Mg, a cofactor in the enzymes involved in desaturation of saturated fatty acids, is also necessary in desaturation of linoleic to arachidonic acid.
Serum phospholipid eicosapentaenoic (PL-EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (PL-DHA) concentrations are associated with the dietary intake of omega 3 fatty acids. PL-EPA and PL-DHA concentrations measured 4 y apart in 211 diabetic patients were highly correlated, with Spearman correlation coefficients of 0.49 (p = 0.0001) and 0.64 (p = 0.0001), respectively. PL-DHA was positively associated with Bayley psychomotor and mental developmental indexes (PDI and MDI, respectively) in preterm infants. Using multiple-regression analysis, 64% (R2 = 0.639; p = 0.0001) of PDI variance was explained by 1/DHA and weight at 1 y, whereas 82% (R2 = 0.816; p = 0.0001) of MDI variance was explained by weight at 1 y, Apgar score, 1/DHA, and 1/EPA. 1/DHA was negatively correlated with PDI and MDI, whereas 1/EPA was positively correlated with MDI. The results suggest that infant formulas should contain preformed DHA, and that a too-high supply of EPA in addition to DHA might be harmful in preterm infants.
Toenail selenium concentration has been proposed as a long-term (6-12 mo) indicator of human selenium status. This study investigated the association between toenail selenium concentration and selenium intake and other dietary factors among 166 urban men aged 55-69 y. The dietary information was collected by food records covering a 6-mo period. Toenail clippings were collected by mail 9-10 mo after food recording. The mean selenium intake from food was 42.5 micrograms/d and the dietary intake was equal to that of users and nonusers of selenium supplements. The mean toenail selenium concentration was 0.47 mg/kg. The mean selenium intake from supplements was 29.7 micrograms/d among supplement users. In the analysis of covariance the best predictors of toenail selenium concentration were selenium intake from supplements and food, and among supplement users dietary beta-carotene also.
The aim of this study was to investigate, in a group of geriatric inpatients with established incontinence, the relationships among urine loss, voided volumes, frequency of voiding, and fluid intake. The investigated included 128 patients: 76 women and 52 men, with a median age of 79 years. One-half had significant cognitive impairment. Patients underwent 24-hr monitoring of fluid intake, urine loss, and voiding, as well as conventional videourodynamic testing. Diurnal and nocturnal voiding frequencies were significantly but relatively weakly related to fluid intake. Diurnal and nocturnal voided volumes were more closely related, however, to the fluid intake. There was a strong and easily interpretable relationship among nocturnal voided volume, nocturia, cystometric bladder capacity, and evening fluid intake. Sixty of 128 patients had urodynamically proven urge incontinence, and this group was studied separately. They were more cognitively impaired and had significantly greater urine loss and smaller fluid intake than was true of the other incontinent patients. Urine loss was significantly related to fluid intake in this group. Nocturnal urine loss increased by an average of 28 ml/dl of evening fluid intake and decreased by 17 ml/dl voided at night. These results suggest that nocturnal toileting and evening fluid restriction may reduce nocturnal urine loss by a small but useful amount in carefully selected older patients with severe urge incontinence.
Heat casualties and other conditions related to suboptimal fluid intake (FI) are common in the military. Current methods to assess FI do not address gender differences or medication use, specifically non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), which are commonly used in the field. Nine men and six women were prospectively studied while stationed in Saudi Arabia. Urine specific gravity and serum electrolytes were monitored as FI was varied before and after daily ibuprofen (IBP) ingestion. IBP impaired urinary dilution in both men and women, but differences were not statistically significant pre- and post-IBP or between genders. Use of IBP or other NSAIDs may confound usual methods to ensure adequate FI, and soldiers should be specifically questioned about their use before such assessments.
We measured serum levels of carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT) in 420 subjects: 100 healthy blood donors, 82 healthy employees, 70 abstaining patients with different chronic nonalcoholic liver disease, 16 abstaining patients with alcoholic fatty liver, 50 abstaining patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis, 25 abusing patients with alcoholic fatty liver, 41 abusing patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis, and 36 patients with alcohol dependence syndrome with a daily ethanol consumption of 173 +/- 120 g the last 4 weeks before blood was drawn. In controls the serum level of CDT was significantly higher in females compared with males (17.7 +/- 5.1 and 13.7 +/- 3.8 units/liter, respectively), and the upper normal limit was defined as 27 and 20 units/liter. Sixty-two of 102 (60.8%) abusing patients with alcoholic liver disease had increased levels of CDT compared with 1 of 66 abstaining (1.5%) patients with alcoholic liver disease, and 10 of 70 (14.3%) abstaining patients with nonalcoholic liver disease among them 3 with primary biliary cirrhosis and 2 with chronic autoimmune hepatitis. No correlation was found between serum CDT and gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase (GGT), AST, ALT, and mean red cell volume (MCV). The sensitivity and specificity for serum CDT was 61 and 92%, respectively, compared with 85 and 18% for GGT and 70 and 66% for MCV. No advantage was gained by using the CDT/transferrin ratio. Our study confirms that CDT is a specific marker for chronic alcohol abuse, except in few patients with other chronic liver diseases. Serum CDT seems to be a better indicator of abstention than GGT; AST and MCV in patients with alcoholic liver disease. However, in our hands CDT is not so sensitive for alcohol abuse in patients with liver disease as reported earlier in unselected alcoholics.
Copper, zinc and selenium are involved in free radical scavenging. As trace element status is altered after major burns, related free radical scavenging may be decreased: consequently lipid peroxidation, reflected by increased urinary malondialdehyde excretion (MDA), is considerably increased. This preliminary study aimed to investigate the relationship between trace elements and MDA excretion. Sixteen patients aged 34 +/- 9 years (mean +/- s.d.) burned over 37 +/- 11 per cent of body surface, were studied prospectively. Trace element balance studies from days 1 to 7 and serum and urine concentrations on days 10, 15, 20 and 25 were measured. The first 11 patients (groups 1--SBU < 80, and 2--SBU > or = 80) were given standard supplements and the five next patients increased supplements (group 3, SBU > or = 80). The MDA excretion from days 1 to 3 was correlated with burn severity (r = 0.59). The correlations between serum trace element levels after day 3 and MDA were negative: Cu, r = -0.065; Zn, r = -0.52; Se, r = -0.53. In Group 3, MDA excretion after day 3 decreased with increasing cumulative Zn (r = -0.46) and Se intakes (r = -0.57). It can be concluded that the MDA decrease after day 3 was not clearly attributable to the trace element supplements, but the negative trend observed between Zn and Se supplements and decreased MDA excretion requires further studies.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) measurements have been widely examined as a marker of excessive alcohol consumption, yet the information on the sensitivity of this method has remained controversial. In addition, little is known of the relationship of this marker and the severity of alcoholic liver disease (ALD). To clarify these issues, we analyzed serum samples from 373 alcohol abusers, including 200 problem drinkers with no apparent liver pathology, 173 patients with clinical or morphological evidence of ALD, and 42 healthy controls. CDT was analyzed by anion-exchange chromatography followed by radioimmunoassay. At a specificity of 100%, the sensitivity of CDT was 36% in problem drinkers reporting a mean of 710 +/- 80 (mean +/- 2SE) g of ethanol/week, as compared with the sensitivities of 44% and 35% for gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase (GGT) and mean corpuscular volume (MCV), respectively. In a subgroup of problem drinkers (n = 51) with the highest ethanol intakes (1160 +/- 180 g of ethanol/week) and severe dependence, the sensitivity of CDT increased to 64%, compared with 55% for GGT and 39% for MCV. In ALD, the CDT values were significantly higher than in the alcoholics with nonliver pathology. However, when such patients were classified according to the clinical, laboratory, and morphological severity of liver disease, CDT was found to be primarily elevated in those with the early stage of ALD, such that there was a significant negative correlation between CDT and the combined morphological index of disease severity (rs = -0.315, p < 0.05). ALD markers of fibrogenesis were elevated more frequently than CDT, showing significant positive correlations with the indices of disease severity.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
We describe the pattern of change for serum lipids and apolipoproteins from 1 to 15 years of age in a cohort of 128 children, supplemented with 215 children from 11 years of age and 243 at 13 years of age. Total cholesterol (TC) decreased after infancy, increased in early puberty and then decreased to 15 years of age. Reciprocal changes in high (HDLC) and low (LDLC) density lipoprotein cholesterol occurred during each interval, with HDLC increasing from 13 to 15 years in both sexes. The correlation for TC between children of both sexes and mothers and fathers varied from 0.1 to 0.28 at 2-13 years. At 15 years of age the correlation between mothers: daughters increased to 0.31, decreased to 0.19 for fathers: daughters, but no association was present between either parent and their sons. There were no differences in mean lipid values for the sample grouped according to the extent of family history of early ischaemic heart disease (before 60 years of age). There were few significant associations between serum lipids, energy and nutrients. At 15 years of age inverse associations were present between TC and energy, protein, sugar, starch and fibre intakes, and a positive association with total fat intake.
Bromide treatment was successful in controlling seizures in an 11-year-old Dachshund with epilepsy and presumptive phenobarbital-associated hepatopathy. Because bromide does not induce liver enzyme activity and does not seem to be hepatotoxic, it can be used to control seizures in dogs with concurrent epilepsy and hepatic disease. In this dog, institution of a special calculolytic diet with high chloride content was associated with a decrease in serum bromide concentrations and the recurrence of seizures. High chloride intake increases the elimination of bromide in dogs, leading to higher dosage requirements for bromide in dogs fed high-chloride diets.
In most studies reporting the effects of high-fat (HF) and low-fat (LF) diets on human plasma fatty acids (FA) and lipoprotein levels, the design involved adding to the diet an oil that had an FA composition (FAC) very different from the FAC of the control diet. Thus, it is difficult to determine if simply reducing the fat content of the diet without changing the dietary FAC changes the tissue FAC or alters plasma lipid levels. In this study, we fed diets that contained either 22 or 39% of calories from fat, but had no differences in their FAC, for 50 d to a group (n = 11) of healthy men (20-35 y). Thus, the polyunsaturated/saturated ratios (1.0) of the diets were identical as were the n-3/n-6 ratio and the monounsaturated-to-total fat ratios. The diets contained (wt% of total fat) approximately 28% saturated FA, 33% monounsaturated cis-FA, 6% monounsaturated trans-FA, 22% n-6 polyunsaturated FA, and 7% n-3 polyunsaturated FA, and 4% other minor FA. The diets consisted of natural foods and were formulated to contain 16 en% protein, either 45 or 62 en% carbohydrate (CHO) and at least the recommended daily allowance for all micronutrients. Both diets contained 360 mg of cholesterol per day. All subjects were given the HF diet for 20 d, and then six were placed on the LF and the other five remained on the HF diet for 50 d. The two groups were crossed-over for the remaining 50 d of the study. The subjects' baseline total cholesterol level was 173 mg/dl, after 50 d on the HF diet it was 177 mg/dl and after 50 d on the LF diet, 173 mg/dl. The differences were not significant, and there were no significant changes in either the LDL or HDL cholesterol levels with either diet. Triglyceride levels, and consequently very low density lipoprotein levels, rose significantly on the LF, higher CHO diet compared to the levels found in the subjects on the HF diet (91.5 and 66.4 mg/dl respectively, P < 0.002). The linoleic acid content of the plasma, platelets, and red blood cells was significantly (P < 0.05) reduced in the LF diet compared to HF diet, without any obvious physiological effects. Hence, many earlier observations indicating reductions in plasma lipid levels when people are on LF diets may be due to changes in the FAC of the diet, not the reduction in fat calories.
Adolescents with celiac disease often fail to adhere to a strict gluten-free diet. The value of endomysial antibodies in assessing the dietary compliance of such adolescents has been assessed in 23 patients divided into four groups according to their daily gluten intake. Serum endomysial antibodies were absent in all subjects on a gluten-free diet and consistently present in those ingesting > 2 g/day of gluten. Only one of six and three of six teenagers with celiac disease with an intake of < 0.5 and 0.5-2 g/day, respectively, had endomysial antibodies in their serum, despite the presence in three of six and five of six of significant changes in the mucosal architecture, as shown by computerized morphometry of jejunal biopsies. In conclusion, endomysial antibodies cannot be considered a valid marker for slight dietary transgressions.
BACKGROUND: The colonic degradation of carbohydrates (fermentation) to short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) appears to have major impacts on colonocyte function, sodium and water absorption, and large-bowel energy salvation, but how to quantify the in vivo fermentation in man is still debatable. METHODS: Indicators of colonic fermentation, fecal and plasma SCFAs and breath hydrogen (H2), were measured in 10 short-bowel patients (mean +/- SE; 106 +/- 21 cm) with totally preserved large bowels who were on a 60% high-carbohydrate, 20% low-fat diet, compared with the reversed isocaloric 20% low-carbohydrate, 60% high-fat diet. This human model showed large differences in large-bowel fermentation, as excretions of calories were reduced (40%; 485 +/- 151 kcal/day) and excretions of carbohydrates were unchanged and low with the high-carbohydrate diet as compared with the low-carbohydrate diet, in contrast to unchanged calorie excretion in short-bowel patients with no colonic function. RESULTS: Fecal concentrations of SCFAs did not change when the diet was changed from the high content to the low content of carbohydrates (82 +/- 11 mmol/l and 79 +/- 9 mmol/l, respectively). The ratio of acetate in feces increased (from 48 +/- 4% to 54 +/- 3%; p = 0.01) on the high-carbohydrate diet, whereas the percentage of the other SCFAs decreased proportionally. Plasma SCFAs 2 h and 6 h after breakfast were also identical when comparing the two dietary regimens. Nor were the peak H2 breath excretion and the area under the H2 excretion-versus-time curve increased by the threefold increase in the intake of dietary carbohydrates. CONCLUSIONS: Fecal and plasma SCFAs and breath H2 excretion are of limited value in the evaluation of even large differences in colonic fermentation of complex dietary carbohydrates. 
Icterus condemnations compose a substantial proportion (41%) of total condemnations of bob veal, the class of veal composed of calves < 3 weeks old and weighing up to 68 kg. At postmortem examination, bob veal condemned because of icterus have generalized yellow discoloration of tissues, which is commonly associated with large, yellow liver (fatty liver), and a paucity of other gross pathologic changes. To establish that the generalized yellow discoloration was attributable to high tissue bilirubin concentrations and to examine the underlying mechanism(s) that might be responsible, blood samples and tissue specimens were obtained from clinically normal and icteric bob veal calves at slaughter. For comparison, blood samples were collected from clinically normal, 1- to 5-day-old Holstein calves being raised on local dairy farms. Hematologic and serum biochemical analyses were obtained for the 3 groups of calves (normal local, normal slaughter, and icteric slaughter), and tissues of slaughter calves were examined for histologic evidence of inflammatory or degenerative changes. Mean +/- SD total bilirubin concentration and creatine kinase (CK) activity in icteric bob veal (3.3 +/- 0.8 mg/dl; 869 +/- 788 U/L), normal bob veal (1.4 +/- 0.7 mg/dl; 486 +/- 890 U/L), and normal local calves (0.5 +/- 0.2 mg/dl; 156 +/- 158 U/L) were significantly different. When data for both normal and icteric bob veal calf groups were combined for analysis, total bilirubin concentration regressed significantly on hepatic lipid scores (P = 0.00003) and CK activity (P = 0.00049). Colostrum consumption was determined by measuring serum total protein concentration and serum gamma-glutamyltransferase activity. Bob veal calves that had not consumed colostrum had significantly higher total bilirubin (P = 0.00005) and CK (P = 0.0008) values. It was concluded that normal and icteric bob veal calves have significant increase in total bilirubin concentration, and icterus of bob veal calves is secondary to unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia. Lack of colostrum consumption was strongly correlated with icterus in bob veal calves.
A survey was conducted on 110 normal Japanese adults (55 men and 55 women) to determine their caloric intake, dietary fat content and its origin (animal, plant, or marine). In addition, their blood lipid levels and fatty acid compositions were examined. Men in their 30s-50s consumed 2,600-2,800 calories and 60 g of fats, while women in the same age range consumed 2,000-2,200 calories and 52-58 g of fats. In both sexes, caloric, fat, and cholesterol intakes were lower for those in their 60s but protein and crude fiber consumption remained generally unchanged. When the dietary fats were classified according to origin, men and women in their 30s were found to consume less oil of marine origin. This appeared to be the result of a western style diet for Japanese adults in their 30s. Compared with men, women exhibited lower blood lipid levels. As age increased, the total cholesterol level of the blood rose in women. Thus the blood lipid level was generally equal in the two groups in their 60s. There was a positive correlation between the blood eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels and dietary consumption of fish oil. The marine/plant lipid ratio was positively correlated with the blood EPA/arachidonic acid ratio. Therefore, it was believed that the origin of the dietary fats consumed is a factor in determining the blood fatty acid profile. The linoleic acid (18:2), arachidonic acid (20:4), and 18:2 + 20:4 contents were negatively correlated to the total cholesterol level in the blood but positively correlated to the HDL-cholesterol level. Polyunsaturated fatty acids (18:2 + 20:4 + 20:5 + 22:6) were negatively correlated with the blood triglyceride level. From the findings presented above, we concluded that dietary fats not derived from animal sources should be classified into fish and vegetable oils to evaluate their dietary significance. We also noted that Japanese in their 30s consume less fish oil, indicating the western trend in their dietary lipid consumption.
Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is an important regulator of plasma sex steroids as well as a sensitive indicator of insulin resistance. SHBG may be an important diagnostic measure of risk for pathologies associated with insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) such as non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. In women, SHBG is also implicated in diverse pathologies such as cancers of steroid-sensitive tissues and hirsutism. Data from an ongoing ecological study linking diet and health in rural China were analyzed to determine the relation of selected plasma variables and diet to plasma concentrations of SHBG. All data represent county mean values, pooled by age and sex, to assess the relation between biochemical and lifestyle characteristics and disease-specific mortality rates at the county level. The study sample consisted of 3250 Chinese women between the ages of 35 and 64 y living in 65 widely dispersed rural counties. Consumption patterns for 21 different food groups were derived from a food-frequency questionnaire and a 3-d dietary survey and subsequently compared. Correlation analyses of county mean values demonstrated a significant association between SHBG and insulin, testosterone, triacylglycerols, body mass index, age at menarche, and several foods. In regression analyses, after adjustments, the strongest predictors of SHBG concentrations were the dietary intake of rice (beta = 0.42, P < 0.01), fish (beta = 0.34, P < 0.05), millet (beta = -0.27, P < 0.01), and wheat (beta = -0.34, P < 0.01). When insulin, testosterone, and triacylglycerols were added to the model only triacylglycerols (beta = -0.26, P < 0.05) remained a significant independent predictor of SHBG. Additional analyses suggested that the consumption of green vegetables was modestly positively correlated with SHBG and negatively with insulin values. Consumption of rice and fish in particular appeared to favorably influence the principle plasma variables associated with a reduction in the risk for IRS pathologies.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship of total fat, saturated fat, carbohydrate and energy intake, leisure-time activity, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), and body mass index to the prevalence of atherogenic plasma triglyceride (TG) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels in Asian Indians living in the United States. High plasma TG and low HDL-C levels have been documented in Asian Indians worldwide. DESIGN: This exploratory study examined medical history, demographics, anthropometrics, plasma lipids levels, food intake frequency, and self-reported leisure-time activity. SUBJECTS: 153 Asian Indian male physicians (mean age=47 years) were recruited at two annual national conferences of the American Association of Physicians from India, with free medical assessments as incentives. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Correlational and multiple regression analyses were performed. RESULTS: Subjects' diets averaged 56% energy from carbohydrate, 32% from total fat, and 8% from saturated fat. High total fat intake was associated with high WHR (r=.21, P<.01) and high total carbohydrate intake (grams per day) was associated with high TG level (r=.24, P<.05). Leisure-time activity averaged 136 minutes/week and negatively correlated with total plasma cholesterol level (r=.22, P<.01) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level (r=.25, P<.001). APPLICATIONS: Dietitians should recommend moderate dietary carbohydrate intake and meal patterns with energy distributed throughout the day, in addition to decreasing fat consumption, to Asian Indian clients at risk for coronary artery disease. High carbohydrate intake and uneven diurnal distribution (no breakfast and large evening meals) are associated with high TG and low HDL-C levels in this population. 
Previously, one of us (B. K. T.) developed an assay that measures levels of free ethanol and ethanol conjugates in urine and showed that the mean levels of these ethanol markers in confirmed alcoholics were at least 20-fold higher than those levels in control subjects. In this study, we assessed the relationship of these biomarkers with self-reported levels of alcohol intake in a multiethnic sample of Los Angeles County residents who were male and over the age of 35 years (n = 128; 40 non-Hispanic whites, 46 blacks, 17 Chinese, and 25 Japanese). Regardless of race, the mean levels of free, bound, and total (free plus bound) ethanol were lowest in nondrinkers, intermediate in weekly drinkers, and highest in daily drinkers (P = 0.0001 in all three statistical tests of differences in the three biomarkers). Stepwise discriminant analysis showed that of the three potential biomarkers, total ethanol best discriminates between the three classes of drinkers (non, weekly, and daily), and that additional inclusion of either free or bound ethanol in the discriminant function had negligible effect. Overall, mean level of total ethanol was 2.2 times higher in weekly than in nondrinkers; daily drinkers, in turn, showed a 4.2-fold increase in mean total ethanol relative to weekly drinkers. However, there was no correlation between any of the three biomarkers and self-reported level (in grams of ethanol) of average consumption in either weekly or daily drinkers whose mean intake was about 13 and 42 g of ethanol/day, respectively. As the level of urinary free ethanol and ethanol conjugates showed extraordinary differences among racial groups for a given level of self-reported ethanol intake, the data suggest possible interracial differences in the in vivo elimination rate of ethanol; this latter finding needs to be confirmed in larger studies.
OBJECTIVE: To study the inter-relationships between daily alcohol intake, fat distribution and plasma androgens in order to verify whether daily alcohol intake correlates with abdominal body fat and, if so, to what extent such a relation is mediated by plasma androgens. SUBJECTS: A random sample of 87 clinically healthy women (aged 38 y) with a light-moderate alcohol consumption and without clinical evidence suggestive of any endocrine disorder. MEASUREMENTS: Anthropometric and computed tomography (CT scans made at the level of L4-L5 in a subgroup of 18 women) measurements of body fatness and adipose tissue distribution, main behavioural factors, including daily alcohol intake and plasma androgens (i.e. total and free testosterone levels). RESULTS: After adjustment for BMI, cigarette smoking and physical activity, significant differences were found in waist circumference and waist-hip ratio as well as in plasma androgens with increasing daily alcohol intake. Waist-thigh ratio tended to parallel waist-hip ratio, but did not achieve statistical significance. In simple linear regression analysis, abdominal visceral fat area, derived from CT, correlated positively with both plasma free testosterone and alcohol intake. While the above reported difference in body fat distribution totally disappeared after controlling also for free testosterone level, the differences in plasma androgens with increasing alcohol intake remained essentially unchanged when allowance was made also for waist-hip ratio. In multiple linear regression analysis, daily alcohol intake appeared to be positively and independently correlated to both plasma total and free testosterone levels. Neither BMI nor waist-hip ratio nor fasting insulin made any significant contribution to the prediction of plasma androgens after daily alcohol intake had been taken into account. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study show that moderate alcohol consumption correlates with abdominal distribution of body fat, likely due to enlarged visceral fat area, and increased plasma androgenicity (i.e. higher total and free testosterone levels) in adult healthy women. These data also suggest that the relation between alcohol intake and fat distribution may be, at least in part, mediated by plasma androgens. 
Dietary treatment of rabbits with 1% cholesterol resulted in a transient rise in their plasma nitrate levels. After 3 weeks of treatment the nitrate levels were about 50% higher than those of the controls (p<0.005). After 10 weeks of treatment the nitrate levels were similar to those at the start of the study. In accordance with previous work (Xiu et al., J. Clin. Invest., 1994, 93, 2732-2737), the cholesterol treatment let to a decreased blood flow velocity in arterioli of the third order in the conjunctiva, and a decreased diameter of these arterioli. There was a significant correlation between plasma nitrate levels and the two microcirculatory variables (p<0.0001). Nitrate is the major metabolic end product of nitric oxide (NO), and plasma nitrate levels may be used as an index of the endogenous formation of NO. The present results suggest that dietary cholesterol induces a transient increase in the synthesis of NO. Such an increased synthesis may compensate for part of a cholesterol-induced degradation of NO.
To evaluate whether diet may influence the incidence of hormone-dependent cancers through an effect on blood estrogen and androgen concentrations, we analyzed diet-blood hormone relations in a cross-sectional study. Dietary energy, fat, and fiber intakes were estimated from 7-d food records completed by 90 premenopausal women on days 14-20 of their menstrual cycles. Fasting blood specimens were collected on days 5-7, 12-15, and 21-23 of each participant's cycle and pooled to create follicular-, midcycle-, and luteal-phase samples, respectively, for analysis. Energy intake was associated inversely with plasma androstenedione and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), averaged across the three menstrual cycle phases, and directly with the probability of a luteal-phase rise in progesterone. For each additional 1 MJ (239 kcal) consumed, androstenedione decreased by 6.0% (95% CI: -8.4%, -3.6%), DHEAS decreased by 5.1% (95% CI: -9.6%, -0.4%), and the probability of a progesterone rise increased by 60% (95% CI: 5%, 145%). After energy intake was adjusted for, the ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fat (P:S) in the diet was significantly inversely associated with plasma estradiol and estrone during the luteal phase of the menstrual cycle. For each 0.1 increment in the P:S, there was a 7.6% (95% CI: -14.3%, -0.5%) decrease in estradiol and a 6.8% (95% CI: -12.7%, -0.6%) decrease in estrone. Results of this cross-sectional study support a relation between both energy and fat ingestion and plasma sex hormone concentrations in premenopausal women.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies have demonstrated a positive relationship between elevated blood lead (BPb) and blood pressure (BP), but few have additionally examined the role of dietary calcium. METHODS: The cross-sectional relationship between BPb and BP and the possible protective influence of increased dietary calcium on that relationship was examined among 798 male participants in the Normative Aging Study (NAS), a cohort of older men with relatively low BPb levels. RESULTS: The age range of these subjects was 43-93 years (mean = 66.1, SD = 7.4 years) and blood lead concentrations ranged form 0.5 to 35 mcg/dl (median = 5.6 mcg/dl). For the cohort overall, neither ln blood lead nor dietary calcium were significantly correlated with BP. In multivariate linear regression analyses that adjusted for age, body mass index, dietary calcium intake (adjusted for total calorie intake), alcohol intake, sitting heart rate, kilocalories/week expended in exercise, haematocrit, and smoking status, a unit increase in ln BPb predicted an increase on 1.2 mmHg diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (95% CI : 0.11, 2.2; P = 0.03). Adjusted calcium intake of 800 mg/day predicted a decrease of 3.2 mmHg systolic blood pressure (SBP) (95% CI : -5.6, -0.24, P = 0.03). There was no evidence of an interaction between dietary calcium intake and blood lead on BP. When the analyses were restricted to those men <=74 years old, a unit increase in ln BPb predicted an increase of 1.6 mmHg DBP (n = 681; 95% CI : 0.42, 2.7; P = 0.007). However, when men on antihypertensive medication (AHM) were excluded from the analyses, ln BPb was not significantly associated with increased DBP nor was adjusted calcium significantly associated with SBP. CONCLUSIONS: The study did support the hypothesis that increased BPb was associated with increased DBP in a cohort of older men with low blood lead, but there was no evidence of interaction between BPb and dietary calcium on BP. However, the relationship between increased BPb and DBP did not hold when those on anti-hypertensive medications were excluded. 
The relationship between dietary iron intake and blood lead levels in urban preschool children was investigated in a cross-sectional study of 299 children from 9 months to 5 years old. Mothers of children attending the University of Maryland Pediatric Ambulatory Clinic volunteered for the children and themselves to join the study. The data collected included nutritional status, socioeconomic status, medical history, and potential sources of lead exposure. Blood samples from all participants were evaluated for levels of blood lead, serum iron (ferritin), free erythrocyte protoporphyrin, calcium, and hematocrit. The average blood lead level (standard deviation) in the studied population was 11.4 (7.3) micrograms/dL. With multiple linear and logistic regression analyses to adjust for covariates, a negative association (P = 0.03) between blood lead and dietary iron intake was found. This finding is consistent with similar results from experimental studies. It is concluded that there is evidence that higher dietary iron intake is associated with lower blood lead among urban preschool children in the studied population.
Total mercury concentrations (mean +/- standard deviation) in breast milk, blood, and hair samples collected 6 wk after delivery from 30 women who lived in the north of Sweden were 0.6 +/- 0.4 ng/g (3.0 +/- 2.0 nmol/kg), 2.3 +/- 1.0 ng/g (11.5 +/- 5.0 nmol/kg), and 0.28 +/- 0.16 microg/g (1.40 +/- 0.80 micromol/kg), respectively. In milk, an average of 51% of total mercury was in the form of inorganic mercury, whereas in blood an average of only 26% was present in the inorganic form. Total and inorganic mercury levels in blood (r = .55, p = .003; and r = .46, p = .01 6; respectively) and milk (r = .47, p = .01; and r = .45, p = .018; respectively) were correlated with the number of amalgam fillings. The concentrations of total mercury and organic mercury (calculated by subtraction of inorganic mercury from total mercury) in blood (r = .59, p = .0006, and r = .56, p = .001; respectively) and total mercury in hair (r = .52, p = .006) were correlated with the estimated recent exposure to methylmercury via intake of fish. There was no significant between the milk levels of mercury in any chemical form and the estimated methylmercury intake. A significant correlation was found between levels of total mercury in blood and in milk (r = .66, p = .0001), with milk levels being an average of 27% of the blood levels. There was an association between inorganic mercury in blood and milk (r = .96, p < .0001); the average level of inorganic mercury in milk was 55% of the level of inorganic mercury in blood. No significant correlations were found between the levels of any form of mercury in milk and the levels of organic mercury in blood. The results indicated that there was an efficient transfer of inorganic mercury from blood to milk and that, in this population, mercury from amalgam fillings was the main source of mercury in milk. Exposure of the infant to mercury from breast milk was calculated to range up to 0.3 microg/kg x d, of which approximately one-half was inorganic mercury. This exposure, however, corresponds to approximately one-half the tolerable daily intake for adults recommended by the World Health Organization. We concluded that efforts should be made to decrease mercury burden in fertile women.
Angina pectoris (AP) as determined by the Rose questionnaire was assessed in nearly 16,000 black and white men and women participating in the Atherosclerosis Risk in communities Study, a population study of cardiovascular disease in four communities. The questionnaire was administered at yearly intervals and estimates of repeatability were made. Validity was assessed indirectly by comparing Rose AP to risk factors, prevalent heart disease, medication use, and thickness of carotid artery walls as measured by B-mode ultrasound. Using kappa statistics for agreement of positive Rose AP determinations taken 1 year apart, white men show a higher level of agreement than white women (average kappa 0.36 for white men, 0.30 for white women), and whites show a higher level of agreement than blacks (average kappa 0.23 and 0.22 for black men and women, respectively). Rose AP that persists for more than one determination is associated with thicker carotid artery walls, greater amounts of cigarette smoking, greater prevalence of reported heart attack, and greater use of chest pain medications. A single determination of severe Rose AP is also associated with thicker carotid artery walls. These data suggest that multiple reports and the more severe grading of Rose AP (pain reported while walking on the level) are likely to indicate more severe disease; however, a single report using the Rose questionnaire appears valid, i.e., moderately associated with disease and risk factors, and appropriate for use in epidemiological studies.
BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that pathophysiologic processes in bone are important determinants of outcome in osteoarthritis of the knee. Low intake and low serum levels of vitamin D may compromise favorable responses of bone to osteoarthritis, predisposing patients to progression. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether dietary intake and serum levels of vitamin D would predict the incidence and progression of osteoarthritis of the knee in participants of the Framingham Study. DESIGN: Prospective observational study. SETTING: The Framingham Study. PARTICIPANTS: Participants in the Framingham Heart Study who had knee radiography at examinations 18 (done between 1983 and 1985) and 22 (done between 1992 and 1993) and received interim assessments of vitamin D intake and serum levels. MEASUREMENTS: Intake of vitamin D and serum levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D, calculated on the basis of dietary habits and supplement use as reported on a questionnaire, were evaluated at examination 20 (1988 to 1989). Knee radiographs were given scores for global severity of osteoarthritis, using a modification of the scale of Kellgren and Lawrence (range, 0 to 4), and for the presence of osteophytes and joint-space narrowing (range, 0 to 3). Covariates measured at examinations 18 and 20 were age, sex, body mass index, weight change, injury, physical activity, health status, bone mineral density, and energy intake. RESULTS: 556 participants (mean age at baseline +/- SD, 70.3 +/- 4.5 years) had complete assessments. Incident osteoarthritis occurred in 75 knees; progressive osteoarthritis occurred in 62 knees. Serum levels of vitamin D were modestly correlated with vitamin D intake (r = 0.24). Risk for progression increased threefold in participants in the middle and lower tertiles for both vitamin D intake (odds ratio for the lower compared with the upper tertile, 4.0 [95% Cl, 1.4 to 11.6]) and serum levels of vitamin D (odds ratio for the lower compared with the upper tertile, 2.9[Cl, 1.0 to 8.2]). Low serum levels of vitamin D also predicted loss of cartilage, as assessed by loss of joint space (odds ratio, 2.3 [Cl, 0.9 to 5.5]) and osteophyte growth (odds ratio, 3.1 [Cl, 1.3 to 7.5]). Incident osteoarthritis of the knee occurring after baseline was not consistently related to either intake or serum levels of vitamin D. CONCLUSIONS: Low intake and low serum levels of vitamin D each appear to be associated with an increased risk for progression of osteoarthritis of the knee. 
OBJECTIVES: We examined cross-sectional relationships among depressive symptoms, anxiety, alcohol intake, and blood pressure. Test hypotheses were that: (1) alcohol intake, depressive symptoms, and anxiety would be positively related to blood pressure; (2) depressive symptoms and anxiety would have a stronger association with alcohol intake in Blacks than in Whites; and (3) adjustment for differences in depressive symptoms, anxiety, and alcohol intake would reduce Black-White blood pressure differences. METHODS: Study hypotheses were tested in a sample of 4,352 Black and White adults, participating in the CARDIA study. Hypotheses were tested using multiple linear regression. RESULTS: Alcohol intake was positively related to systolic (p = 0.0001) and diastolic (p = 0.0004) blood pressure in men, but not in women. Depressive symptoms and anxiety were unrelated to blood pressure. The relationship between alcohol intake and depressive symptoms differed by race/ethnicity in men (p = 0.0719) and in women (p = 0.0002). Alcohol intake increased with increasing levels of depressive symptoms, but the increase was greater in Blacks than in Whites. After accounting for alcohol intake, body mass index, and other variables, Black-White blood pressure differences were reduced in men, but not in women; most of the reduction was caused by body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: Blacks may respond differently than Whites to psychological distress. 
OBJECTIVE: To document habitual intakes of micronutrient antioxidants in patients with systemic sclerosis (SSc) in light of studies reporting subnormal levels of ascorbate and selenium in this patient group. METHODS: Dietary intakes of vitamin C, selenium, alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene, and sulfur amino acid precursors of glutathione were assessed using the 7 day weighed record in 12 patients with SSc and in 12 healthy control subjects. The intakes of the first 4 substances were examined in relation to plasma/serum levels, while intakes of sulfur amino acids were examined in relation to urinary inorganic sulfate. RESULTS: Antioxidant and sulfur amino acid intakes were similar in patients and controls, although the patients had lower levels of selenium (median 74 compared to 87 milligrams in controls; p = 0.014) and of vitamin C in plasma (median 6.0 compared to 11.1 milligrams/l in controls; p = 0.08). Inorganic sulfate concentration in urine was similar in patients and controls. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that reduced blood levels of the water soluble antioxidants selenium and ascorbic acid in patients with SSc are not due to dietary deficiency. Other explanations must therefore be sought. 
OBJECTIVE: To compare nutrient intakes assessed by food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with those determined from food diaries. DESIGN: A 100-item FFQ was administered to women at 15 weeks of pregnancy. Food diaries were kept for a 4-day period at 16 weeks of pregnancy. SETTING: Community-based study of a general population sample of pregnant women booked for delivery at the Princess Anne Maternity Hospital, Southampton, UK. SUBJECTS: 603 women were recruited. Complete dietary data were provided by 569 women. RESULTS: Nutrient intakes determined by FFQ were greater than those from food diaries. Spearman rank correlation coefficients for macronutrients ranged from 0.27 (protein and starch) to 0.37 (fat). Stronger correlations for energy, fat and carbohydrate were seen in women who did not experience nausea, suggesting that the level of agreement observed between the FFQ and food diary in the whole group may be an underestimate of the true agreement. The percentage of individuals classified to the same quarter of the distribution of nutrient intake by the FFQ and diaries ranged from 30% (starch) to 41% (calcium), with between 4% (riboflavin) and 8% (energy, protein and vitamin E) classified to the opposite quarters. Using serum vitamin C as an independent biomarker of intake, the percentage of individuals classified to the correct quarter of intake was similar for the FFQ and diary (34% and 37%), with 8% (FFQ) and 6% (diary) misclassified to the opposite quarter. CONCLUSION: The FFQ appears to give meaningful estimates of nutrient intake in early pregnancy which can be used to rank individuals within the distribution. 
Human transition milk was sampled from 88 mothers at the Faroe Islands, where the seafood diet includes pilot whale meat and blubber. Milk mercury concentrations (median, 2.45 micrograms/liter) were significantly associated with mercury concentrations in cord blood and with the frequency of pilot whale dinners during pregnancy. Milk selenium concentrations (mean, 19.1 micrograms/liter) correlated significantly with concentrations in cord blood but not with seafood consumption. Arsenic concentrations were very low. Twenty-four of the milk samples were separated into four pools based on fish intake and milk mercury concentrations. The polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) concentrations (1.8-3.5 micrograms/g lipid) were high and mainly due to congener numbers 153, 180, and 138. One pool contained a congener 77 concentration of 1380 ppt, which is the highest ever reported in a human specimen for a coplanar PCB. The highest PCB concentrations were seen in the pools from women who had eaten frequent whale dinners and whose milk contained high mercury concentrations. The concentrations of chlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans were not similarly elevated. Given the advantages associated with breast-feeding, advice to nursing mothers in this population should take into regard the possible risks associated with long-term exposure to milk contaminants.
Sex differences in macular pigment (MP) optical density (measured psychophysically) were examined. Concentrations of lutein and zeaxanthin (L and Z) (non-separated) and beta-carotene (BC) in the blood were determined using reverse phase high-performance liquid chromatography. Dietary intake of L and Z, BC, fat, and iron were estimated by questionnaire. Males had 38% higher MP density than females (P < 0.001) despite similar plasma carotenoid concentrations and similar dietary intake (except for fat). Dietary intake of carotenoids, fat and iron, as well as plasma concentrations of L and Z were positively related to MP density in males. Conversely, only plasma L and Z was related to MP density for females, and dietary fat was negatively related to MP density. Sex differences in protection of the retina by MP and in the relationship between the retina, blood and diet could be a factor in the incidence of retinal diseases, especially age-related macular degeneration.
The objective was to examine the relationships between serum ferritin, alcohol intake, and socioeconomic factors (school education, occupational education, occupation, income, marital status, cohabitation status, housing, social class) in a population survey performed in Copenhagen County during 1982-1984. The participants were selected at random from the census register and comprised 2235 healthy Danish individuals, non-blood donors (1044 men, 1191 women) in cohorts being 30, 40, 50, and 60 years old. The participants gave a detailed social and medical history and had a clinical examination including blood samples. In all age-groups, men had significantly higher serum ferritin and alcohol intake than women. In men, there was no relationship between serum ferritin and social class. Significant relationships were observed between ferritin and occupation (unemployed and self-employed men had higher ferritin than those with other occupations) and ferritin and income (in younger men, ferritin displayed a steady increase with income). None of the social variables were related to the prevalence of iron deficiency or iron overload. Alcohol intake was related to occupation and income, but not to social class. In women, none of the social variables showed any significant relationship to ferritin levels or iron overload. The prevalence of small iron stores (serum ferritin < or = 30 micrograms/l) was lower and the intake of alcohol was higher in women from high social classes. In both men and women, serum ferritin displayed highly significant positive correlations with alcohol intake. Likewise, the prevalence of iron overload (serum ferritin > 90th percentile) was closely correlated to alcohol intake. In conclusion, socioeconomic factors per se had a minor influence on serum ferritin levels and iron status in Danes. The distinct association between alcohol intake and serum ferritin levels should be considered in future iron status surveys.
Several studies have failed to demonstrate an association between Fe status and intake of dietary Fe. However, in the long term, it seems logical to presume that body Fe reserves are, fundamentally, dependent on the intake of bioavailable dietary Fe. This discrepancy may depend on several factors: (1) interindividual variation in biological availability of dietary Fe (differences in intestinal absorption), (2) interactions between dietary Fe and absorption enhancers and inhibitors, (3) variations in physiological (menstruation, childbirth) or unphysiological (blood donation) Fe losses, (4) the failure to adjust dietary intake data for Fe supplements, (5) uncertain food composition data (discrepancies between calculated and chemically measured Fe content in the diet), and (6) diet reporting error (reported intake of dietary Fe may deviate considerably from the true intake). The present study examined associations between dietary intake of Fe (assessed by diet history interview) and Fe status (assessed by ferritin status) among 167 Danish women aged 35-65 years, who were not blood donors, by taking into account diet reporting error (assessed from p-amino benzoic acid-validated urinary N), physiological blood losses (menstruation, childbirth, abortions), and Fe supplementation. Our results indicate that the lack of a general association between Fe status and dietary Fe intake may, in part, be caused by selective diet reporting error.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the validity and reliability of the ICSmale questionnaire developed for the International Continence Society-'Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia' (ICS-'BPH') study. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Urology departments in 12 countries recruited 1271 consecutive men > 45 years old, with lower urinary tract symptoms and possible benign prostatic obstruction, to the ICS-'BPH' study (the clinical group); 423 ambulent men were recruited from a general practice in the UK to provide a community group. Each individual was asked to complete the wide-ranging ICSmale questionnaire, comprising questions concerned with urinary symptoms, the bother they cause, and issues of quality of life and sexual function. Content, construct and criterion validity of the symptom and problem questions were assessed by interviews with patients and urologists, testing hypotheses within sub-studies, and in relation to frequency-volume diaries and uroflowmetry. Reliability was assessed by measures of internal consistency and a test-retest analysis. RESULTS: The ICSmale questionnaire was easy to complete. It was clearly able to differentiate between men in clinical and community populations, and detected the expected positive age gradient for most symptoms in the community group. There was reasonable agreement between relevant parts of the questionnaire and frequency-volume charts when a relatively flexible approach was taken, but there was a very poor relationship between questions assessing strength of stream and the results of uroflowmetry. Internal consistency was high, and overall the questionnaire demonstrated good test-retest reliability. CONCLUSION: The self-completed ICSmale questionnaire had high levels of psychometric validity and reliability. 
To assess daily rhythms of salt appetite, we measured spontaneous 300 mM NaCl intake of male Sprague-Dawley rats fed a diet containing 150 or 25 mmol Ca2+/kg. Both groups drank most NaCl at night, but, as the dark period progressed, intakes of controls remained constant or diminished, whereas intakes of rats fed low-Ca2+ diet increased. During the late dark period, when the difference in NaCl intake between the two dietary groups was greatest, rats fed a low-Ca2+ diet lost more corticosterone and sodium in urine, had lower plasma osmolarity, and had higher plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and corticosterone concentrations than did controls. Over the 24-h cycle, rats fed the low-Ca2+ diet excreted less Ca2+ and more corticosterone in urine than did controls. They also had consistently lower plasma concentrations of Ca2+ and renin activity and consistently higher plasma phosphorus, arginine vasopressin, parathyroid hormone, thyroxine, calcitonin, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3. These findings support the hypothesis that salt appetite induced by dietary Ca2+ deficiency involves a subtle dysfunction of the ACTH-corticosterone axis, but they also raise several other possibilities.
We examined how supplementation with very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids was reflected in the concentration of these fatty acids in plasma phospholipids of 363 Norwegian men and women. The concentration of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in plasma phospholipids was significantly higher among individuals supplemented with n-3 fatty acids after the supplementation period than before. We also examined the relation between dietary intake of fatty acids measured with a 180-item quantitative food-frequency questionnaire and the concentration of the same fatty acids in plasma phospholipids in 579 men and women. Correlation coefficients between plasma phospholipid fatty acids and dietary intake of fatty acids were 0.51 and 0.49 for EPA and DHA, respectively. The correlation between fish intake and n-3 fatty acids in plasma phospholipids was 0.37. These results suggest that dietary intake measured with our food-frequency questionnaire may be used to predict the biological availability of some of the essential n-3 fatty acids.
The correlations between the mean of 4 d weighed intakes of lutein, lycopene and beta-carotene and mean plasma concentrations during each of the four seasons were lutein r 0.64, lycopene r 0.47 and beta-carotene r 0.45. Intake was not significantly correlated with plasma concentrations during every seasonal time-point. There was a significantly higher intake of lutein during the spring compared with summer and autumn, lycopene intake was significantly higher during the summer and autumn and there were no significant seasonal differences in beta-carotene intake. There were, however, significant seasonal differences in plasma carotenoid concentrations, the highest levels occurring between May and October. There were large inter- and intra-individual variations in intake and plasma concentrations of carotenoids. BMI was inversely correlated with plasma beta-carotene (r-0.41). The findings suggest that plasma carotenoid concentrations are indicative of dietary intake, but the large intra-individual variation in plasma concentrations indicates that any assessment of longer-term status from data at any one time-point should be treated with caution.
The serum selenium (Se) concentrations of apparently healthy 20-40 year old blood donors from different parts of Switzerland were determined by electrothermal atomic absorption spectrometry (GFAAS). Application of a rhodium/magnesium matrix-modifier resulted in improved performance in comparison with a palladium modifier. The method was validated by hydride ICP-MS and quality-controlled by independent analysis using GFAAS with palladium as matrix-modifier; no bias was detected. The serum Se concentrations for male (n = 387) and female (n = 243) subjects fell into a normal distribution with mean values and standard deviations of 96.0 +/- 13.3 micrograms/L (1.22 +/- 0.17 mumol/L) and 87.9 +/- 14.4 micrograms/L (1.11 +/- 0.18 mumol/L), respectively. These values corresponded well to the formerly estimated mean daily intakes. Small but significant differences in mean serum Se concentrations were found between genders, ethnic groups as well as geographic regions, whereas age had no influence. The overall Se status of the Swiss population is assessed as adequate, somewhat higher than in the countries adjacent to Switzerland, but lower than in the U.S.A. or Finland. There is no evidence that the Se status of the population has changed over the past 10 years. However, it appears that some Swiss population groups may have a borderline Se status.
To evaluate the protective effect of different calcium forms against colon carcinogenesis, Wistar rats fed a high-fat diet (24%) were supplemented with different chemical forms of dietary calcium and were intrarectally instilled with N-methyl-N-nitrosourea (NMU). Supplemental calcium was administered at 1.5% mineral (w/w of total diet) complexed with either carbonate, gluconate, or lactate in Groups 2, 3, and 4, respectively. The tumor incidence of colon cancer was compared with a control group (Group 1), fed the same diet without supplemental calcium. Colon carcinoma incidence was 31, 33, 13, and 7% in Groups 1, 2, 3, and 4, respectively. Calcium had a significant protective effect against carcinogenesis, and the maximum protective effect was observed with gluconate and lactate forms. Laminin P1 blood level was measured as a tumor marker. Laminin P1 results were compared with the reference group (Group T), fed a standard diet and not NMU instilled. The serum laminin P1 level was significantly higher (p = 0.0001) in NMU-instilled Groups 1, 2, 3, and 4 (0.24 +/- 0.03, 0.93 +/- 1.43, 0.84 +/- 1.33, and 0.41 +/- 0.34 mU/ml respectively) than in the Reference Group T (0.10 +/- 0.05 mU/ml).
OBJECTIVE: To determine the clinical utility of fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs) in the blood as a short-term confirmatory marker for ethanol intake and a longer-term marker for ethanol intake after ethanol is no longer detectable. DESIGN: Single-center controlled clinical trial and a blinded comparison involving 48 blood samples that were positive, negative, or equivocal for blood ethanol. PARTICIPANTS: Seven healthy subjects (4 men and 3 women, aged 21 to 23 years) participated in the clinical trial. Blood samples from participants for the blinded comparison portion of the study were numbered from 1 to 48 and not identified by name. INTERVENTION: The 7 healthy subjects ingested a known amount of ethanol at a fixed rate. The concentration of FAEEs in the blood after ethanol intake was determined for a period of up to 24 hours. There was no intervention in the blinded comparison study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: In the clinical trial, a pharmacokinetic analysis of FAEE concentration in the blood after ethanol intake was completed for 7 individuals whose blood ethanol level was elevated from 25 to 35 mmol/L. In the blinded comparison, the 48 blood samples that were positive, negative, or equivocal for blood ethanol were analyzed for FAEE concentration. RESULTS: In the clinical trial, the disappearance of FAEEs from the blood followed a decay curve that initially resembled the decay curve for blood ethanol. However, because of a very slow secondary elimination phase, the FAEEs were found to persist in the blood for at least 24 hours after ethanol intake was completed. In the blinded comparison, all 20 samples that were positive for ethanol were positive for FAEEs, 7 of 7 samples equivocal for ethanol were positive for FAEEs, and 21 of 21 negative samples for ethanol were negative for FAEEs. CONCLUSIONS: Serum concentration of FAEEs can serve as an excellent short-term confirmatory test for ethanol intake as well as a longer-term marker of ethanol ingestion. Measurement of FAEEs in the blood may be a more sensitive indicator of ethanol ingestion than the measurement of blood ethanol . 
BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to assess relations to blood pressure (BP) in individuals of markers of dietary protein in their 24-hour urine collections. METHODS AND RESULTS: INTERSALT (INTERnational study of SALT and blood pressure) was a cross-sectional study of 10020 men and women aged 20 to 59 years in 52 population-based samples in 32 countries worldwide, with quality-controlled standardized procedures and assessment of multiple possible confounders. Three measurements of dietary protein in 24-hour urine of each individual participant were studied: total nitrogen and urea as indexes of total protein intake, and sulfate as an index of sulfur-containing dietary amino acids. Repeat examination was performed in a random 8% of participants to assess reliability and to correct for regression-dilution bias. Significant independent inverse relationships were found between BP (systolic and diastolic) and both 24-hour urinary total nitrogen and urea nitrogen, with adjustment for age, sex, alcohol intake, body mass, and 24-hour urinary sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium. With adjustment for regression-dilution bias, it was estimated that systolic and diastolic BP were on average 3.0 and 2.5 mm Hg lower, respectively, for persons with dietary total protein intake 30% above the overall mean than for those whose dietary protein intake was 30% below the overall mean (12.94 versus 6.96 g/d urinary total nitrogen, equivalent to 81 versus 44 g/d dietary protein, respectively). For the association of these markers with diastolic BP, results were similar for younger (20- to 39-year-old) and older (40- to 59-year-old) persons and for women and men. For their relation to systolic BP, regression coefficients were larger both for those aged 40 to 59 years than for those aged 20 to 39 years and for women than for men. Nonsignificant inverse relations were recorded for urinary sulfate and BP. CONCLUSIONS: These INTERSALT findings lend support to the hypothesis that higher dietary protein intake has favorable influences on BP. 
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Thirteen patients undergoing carotid endarterectomy were studied to correlate changes in jugular bulb venous oxygen saturation (SjO2) with indices of free radical production during cerebral ischemia/reperfusion. Levels of oxidant species were also monitored in arterial samples to determine any change across the cerebral circulation. METHODS: Blood was sampled from a venous catheter inserted in the ipsilateral jugular bulb and from an arterial catheter. Co-oximetry measurements were made to determine jugular bulb venous oxygenation saturation. To monitor changes in oxidant stress, a colorimetric assay was used to determine plasma antioxidant potential, and electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy was used to quantify free radical-spin trap adducts formed in a blood sample treated with the spin trap alpha-tert-butyl phenyl nitrone (PBN). RESULTS: SjO2 decreased significantly from 68 +/- 11% to 61 +/- 10% (P < .05) during clamping of the internal carotid artery and returned to baseline (65 +/- 11%) when the carotid clamp was removed. Jugular venous plasma antioxidant potential decreased significantly from 32.76 +/- 5.42% inhibition to 28.02 +/- 6.77% inhibition (P < .05). There was no concomitant change in arterial plasma antioxidant potential values, indicating a decrease in antioxidant capacity across the cerebral circulation. However, analysis of spin trap-free radical adducts did not provide conclusive evidence for free radical production. CONCLUSIONS: These results provide supportive evidence for oxidant production during cerebral ischemia/reperfusion in a clinical setting. 
We investigated %CDT (carbohydrate-deficient transferrin) in 92 ethanol-intoxicated alcohol-dependent patients after consecutive admission to hospital and followed the for 28 days under controlled conditions. At admission, 63% (58 patients) showed elevated CDT (> 2.5%) and 34 patients (37%) had normal CDT levels (< 2.5%). No correlation of the %CDT values to alcohol-related disabilities, severity of the withdrawal syndrome, alcohol-drinking pattern before admission, or several other factors was found. The sensitivity of GGT (gamma-glutamyl transferase) was 58% for the same group of patients. Levels of %CDT decreased during the 28 days following abstinence, whereby we could separate four statistically different groups of "CDT decrease'. In two of these groups, comprising most of the cases studied, normal %CDT levels were reached after 14 days of abstinence. Those patients with %CDT levels exceeding the upper normal level after 14 days of sobriety, showed a decrease during the following 14 days to levels of 2.55-2.61%.
This paper reports the results of a 3-week drinking experiment in 51 healthy male subjects, examining the value of %CDT (carbohydrate-deficient transferrin) in the context of different levels of alcohol intake. All healthy persons were urine-tested drug-free and underwent daily breath alcohol tests for the 7 days preceding, and during the whole 3 weeks of, the experiment. Subjects were divided into five groups, consuming different amounts of alcohol daily over a 3-h period in the presence of the investigators. The five groups consisted of 10, 9, 10, 16 and 6 subjects respectively and consumed a daily dose of ethanol of 20, 40, 60, 80 and 80 g respectively for 3 weeks. No significant changes in %CDT were detected in most subjects, even in the 80 g alcohol-consuming groups. The results suggest that CDT is not sensitive for the detection of short-term heavy drinking by healthy subjects.
Results from animal studies suggest that omega-3 fatty acids from marine sources are protective against cancer. To determine whether adipose tissue and erythrocyte membrane fatty acid composition could serve as biomarkers of essential fatty acid consumption in subjects with prostate cancer, we compared fish consumption, which was estimated using a food frequency survey, to the omega-3 fatty acid content of adipose tissue and erythrocyte membranes. The study was conducted using 127 men who had undergone a prostate biopsy. All subjects were recruited from a university hospital urology clinic. African Americans comprised 23% of the subjects, and 70% were diagnosed with prostate cancer. We found a correlation of 0.44 with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) = 0.29-0.57 between reported fish consumption and the omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid composition in erythrocyte membranes and 0.38 with 95% CI = 0.21-0.53 when the dietary survey was compared to eicosapentaenoic acid in adipose tissue. The survey/biomarker correlations in cases were not significantly different from the correlations in controls. The study had 90% power to detect a 0.35 difference between correlations. These results suggest that the presence of prostate cancer does not affect the adipose tissue or erythrocyte membrane biomarkers of fatty acid consumption, and that erythrocyte membranes are as useful as biomarkers as is adipose tissue. Our findings corroborate previous studies that found that tissue biomarkers can reflect past fatty acid consumption and support the use of biomarkers in case-control studies using cancer patients.
Previous research has shown that the pyridoxine glucoside (PNG) form of vitamin B-6 has a reduced bioavailability compared with pyridoxine, but its effect on vitamin B-6 status has not been assessed. Following an 8-d adjustment period, nine women consumed diets containing a high or low amount of PNG for 18 d each, in a crossover design. The high and low PNG diets provided 1.52 mg/d (8.98 micromol/d) and 1.44 mg/d (8.57 micromol/d) of vitamin B-6, of which 27% and 9% was PNG, respectively. The dietary vitamin B-6 to protein ratio of both diets was 0.017 mg/g. Urinary excretions of 4-pyridoxic acid and total vitamin B-6 were significantly lower (P < 0.05) during the high PNG diet period than when the low PNG diet was consumed. Urinary PNG excretion was equal to about 9% of the total PNG intake during both periods. Plasma total vitamin B-6 (P < 0.01) and red blood cell pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP) (P < 0.05) were significantly lower when the high PNG diet was consumed than during the low PNG diet period. Fecal total vitamin B-6 excretion was significantly higher (P < 0.001) when the high PNG diet was consumed. Women consuming a diet containing a higher percentage of the total vitamin B-6 intake as PNG exhibited a decrease in vitamin B-6 status indicators, consistent with the reduced bioavailability of PNG demonstrated in other studies, equal to a loss of 15-18% of the total vitamin B-6 intake. During the determination of Recommended Dietary Allowances, the reduced bioavailability of PNG and its presence in higher amounts in some diets should be considered.
The objective of this study was to study the ability of biological markers of alcohol consumption in differentiating subjects below weekly consumption of 400 or 600 g of absolute ethanol from those above, and to study the effect of intranasal calcitonin on alcohol drinking. A prospective 12-week double-blind study that used anonymous data collection with drinking diaries was done. The drug that was studied (calcitonin or placebo) was used during study weeks 5-8. This study was performed at the research unit of a university hospital. The subjects consisted of 59-nine men aged 26 to 57 years who considered themselves as regular but modest drinkers and were recruited by advertisements. The measurements were obtained from monthly questionnaires and daily anonymous diaries for alcohol drinking data, and biological markers of alcohol consumption (aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, beta hexosaminidase, and carbohydrate deficient transferrin). The results indicated intranasal calcitonin with a dose of 200 IU three times a week had no effect on alcohol use. All biological markers studied had only a modest ability to differentiate those with weekly alcohol consumption of 400 or 600 g or over from those below these limits. The areas under receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve with the limit 400 g/week were 0.71 for aspartate aminotransferase, 0.61 for alanine aminotransferase, 0.74 for gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, 0.68 for beta-hexosaminidase, and 0.78 for carbohydrate deficient transferrin. Respective numbers for the 600-g limit were more uniform. As evaluated by ROC analysis, carbohydrate deficient transferrin was the best biological marker to find men with weekly alcohol consumption over 400 g. Intranasal salmon calcitonin had no affect on alcohol drinking.
Acetaldehyde, the main metabolite of ethanol, is a highly reactive species that reacts with macromolecules to produce unstable and stable adducts. Acetaldehyde-modified proteins are immunogenic and have been detected in the liver and blood of alcoholics. Furthermore, antibodies reactive with acetaldehyde-modified proteins have been detected in the plasma of social drinkers and alcoholics. However, the class distribution of immunoglobulins reactive with modified proteins was different in the two groups, being predominantly immunoglobulin (Ig)M in social drinkers, but IgM and IgA in alcoholics. In this study, we demonstrate that heavy drinkers (alcohol intake > 130 g/week for females and 150 g/week for males) also exhibit IgA reactivity with acetaldehyde-modified proteins. The IgA adduct-specific reactivity (IgA reactivity with acetaldehyde-modified bovine serum albumin-reactivity with native bovine serum albumin) showed a moderate correlation with self-reported alcohol intake, but did not correlate with markers such as plasma transaminase, gamma-glutamyltransferase activity, or mean corpuscular volume. IgA adduct-specific reactivity had similar specificity to the conventional tests of alcohol abuse, but had higher sensitivity than the other tests, especially with heavy drinkers. Data presented herein demonstrate that elevated IgA reactivity with acetaldehyde-modified epitopes is associated with heavy drinking and is a potential marker for high alcohol intake.
The overexpression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) has been shown to be involved in the pathogenesis of various necroinflammatory diseases, including alcoholic hepatitis. Shedding of this molecule from cell surfaces results in a circulating form, soluble ICAM-1 (sICAM-1). In this work, the serum and ascitic concentrations of sICAM-1 were studied in relation to clinical and laboratory data in patients with alcoholic liver cirrhosis of different disease activities. Elevated circulating concentrations of this adhesion molecule were found in all cirrhotic patients, the highest in those with superimposed severe alcoholic hepatitis, and the levels in regularly drinking cirrhotics without severe alcoholic hepatitis were likewise significantly higher than in those who had stopped drinking. The serum sICAM-1 concentration was best related to the serum AST activity, and also exhibited significant correlations with the prothrombin activity, serum bilirubin, albumin, peripheral leukocyte count. Maddrey's discriminant function value, Child grading, and antecedent alcohol consumption. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that the serum AST and prothrombin activities were independent predictors of the circulating sICAM-1 concentration. The concentration of sICAM-1 in the uninfected ascitic fluid of cirrthotics was about seven times lower than that in the serum; the ratio of its ascitic and serum levels was lower than that of the ascitic and serum total protein concentrations. These data contradict a significant intraperitoneal production of the molecule. It is concluded that the serum sICAM-1 level may be useful as a marker for the current disease activity (the severity of underlying acute necroinflammatory reactions) in alcoholic liver cirrhosis.
Plasma and liver lipids were studied in male weanling rats fed diets containing moderate levels of fat (6% by weight) as sunflower oil (SF diet, rich in linoleic acid), salmon oil (SM diet, rich in long-chain n-3 fatty acids), or a blend of peanut and rapeseed oil (PR diet, rich in oleic acid). After nine weeks of feeding, the fasting plasma cholesterol concentrations were 49 and 24% lower in groups SM and SF, respectively, as compared to group PR. Both dietary salmon oil and sunflower oil lowered the triacylglycerol concentration of plasma and liver but, unexpectedly, the response was higher with sunflower oil. Indeed, in group SM the values were 15 and 30% lower in plasma and liver, whereas in group SF, they were 24 and 53% lower, respectively. As compared to group PR, liver triacylglycerols and microsomes contained 2.5- and 2.3-fold less oleic acid, respectively, in group SF, and they were 9.2- and 3.2-fold enriched in n-3 fatty acids, respectively, in group SM. The liver triacylglycerol concentrations were correlated with changes in the microsomal Mg(2+)-dependent phosphatidate phosphohydrolase activity (r = 0.47, P < 0.01). As oleic acid, unlike long-chain n-3 fatty acids, is considered to promote the triacylglycerol synthesis and secretion, our findings suggest that changes in the membrane fatty acid composition could affect the triacylglycerol content of liver and plasma. Moreover, the availability within the liver, of oleic acid, predominantly incorporated into triacylglycerols, might limit the triacylglycerol production in SF-fed rats.
Little is known regarding the relationship of serum fatty acids to cardiovascular risk factors in Nigerian populations. Civil servants with higher socioeconomic status (SES) in Nigeria appear to be in cultural transition toward a more Westernized lifestyle. For this study the food intakes of 397 civil servants were estimated from two 24-h recalls. Fatty acids in serum total lipids were measured in both absolute weight concentration and percentage composition. Daily meat intake was 43.5 g, and fish intake was 70.5 g. The intakes of meat, eggs, and milk were higher in high SES Nigerians than in low SES Nigerians. The concentration of total fatty acids (TFA, the sum of 12 serum fatty acids) was also higher in high SES men and women, as compared with low SES men and women (2064, 2060, 1831, and 1776 mg/L, respectively). There were significant direct associations between meat intake and serum level of arachidonic acid, and between fish intake and serum levels of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid. TFA was positively associated with cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc), and triglycerides across gender and SES groups after adjustment for body mass index, fasting insulin level, and age. Nigerian women were compared with two groups of American women. We concluded that fatty acids in absolute weight concentration reflected the amount of fat intake. The level of TFA was directly related to cardiovascular risk factors in Nigerians. Follow-up of such populations in cultural transition can facilitate the understanding of the true roles of animal food intake in the early evolution of atherosclerosis.
Numerous studies report positive links between dietary fat and adiposity. However, the relation between fat intake and intraabdominal adipose tissue (IAAT), a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes, is not known. We therefore evaluated the association between dietary fat and adipose tissue stores in 135 white men aged 44 +/- 10 y (mean+/- SD: weight, 86 +/- 14 kg; body fat, 23 +/- 8%) and in 214 white women aged 45 +/- 14 y (weight, 64 +/- 12 kg; body fat, 33 +/- 10%). Dietary intake was estimated from 3-d food records, body composition from hydrostatic weighing, IAAT and subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (SCAAT) by computed tomography, and physical activity by using the Baecke Questionnaire. After adjustment for fat-free mass, sex, age, physical activity, and nonfat energy intake, fat intake was weakly correlated with fat mass, explaining only 2% of the variance (partial R2 = 0.018, P < 0.01). In a separate model that evaluated type of fat, saturated fat was positively related (partial R2 = 0.025, P < 0.01) to fat mass after adjustment for fat-free mass, sex, age, physical activity, and nonfat energy intake whereas polyunsaturated fat intake was negatively related (partial R2 = 0.007, P = 0.056). On the basis of partial correlation analyses, dietary fat was also associated with SCAAT adjusted for nonfat energy intake and IAAT (partial R2 = 0.014, P < 0.01), but not IAAT adjusted for nonfat energy intake and SCAAT. However, the association between dietary fat and adjusted SCAAT was not significant after further adjustment for sex, age, and physical activity. Thus, results of this cross-sectional analysis suggest that dietary fat independently plays a very minor role in increasing overall adiposity and does not specifically influence fat accretion in the intraabdominal region.
UNLABELLED: To study the relationship between plasma renin activity (PRA) and coffee consumption, cigarette smoking, alcohol intake and physical activity habits. SETTING: The multicentre HARVEST trial, involving 17 Hospital Centres in Northeast Italy. SUBJECTS: 351 borderline to mild hypertensive men (mean age +/- SEM 22.7 +/- 0.47 years), never treated for hypertension. INTERVENTIONS: Office and 24-hour blood pressure measurement, supine and standing PRA levels, and urinary catecholamines output. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: PRA levels according to coffee intake and physical activity status. RESULTS: Coffee intake showed a major effect on PRA. Supine PRA levels were 40% higher in the subjects abstaining from coffee (n = 94) than in the coffee drinkers and was similar in the moderate (n = 223) and heavy (n = 34) drinkers. A weaker negative association was found between coffee use and PRA on standing. Office and whole-day blood pressure and heart rate, and urinary catecholamines did not differ according to coffee intake. Supine PRA was lower in the subjects performing regular physical activity than in the inactive subjects. Office and whole-day diastolic blood pressure and heart rate, and urinary norepinephrine were lower in the active than in the sedentary men. No relationship was found between PRA measured either in the supine or the upright posture and tobacco or alcohol use. In a multiple linear regression model supine PRA was negatively correlated with age, coffee consumption and physical activity habits. CONCLUSIONS: Chronic coffee intake and physical training showed an inverse relationship with PRA in mild hypertensive men, while tobacco and alcohol use were unrelated to PRA. 
1. In order to study the potential beneficial effects of a vegan diet, a cross-sectional study was performed and several biomarkers of chemoprevention were measured in a population of female 'living food' eaters ('vegans'; n = 20) vs matched omnivorous controls (n = 20). 2. White blood cells obtained from fresh blood samples were subjected to the single-cell gel-electrophoresis assay. There was no statistically significant difference between the vegans and controls in the parameters 'tail length' and 'tail moment'. However, the 'tail moment' was significantly lower in a subset of the vegans (i.e.in those who did not use any vitamin and/or mineral supplements). 3. Fresh blood samples were exposed in vitro to the mutagen mitomycin C just prior to culturing. After culturing the number of binucleated lymphocytes with micronuclei was scored. There was no difference between the controls and vegans in the incidence of baseline micronuclei, nor in the number of mitomycin C-induced micronuclei. However, a significant correlation (r = -0.64, P < 0.01) between the number of mitomycin C-induced micronuclei and the activity of erythrocyte superoxide dismutase was found in the vegans. The number of baseline micronuclei increased with age in both groups. These findings may be of biological relevance. 4. The content of glutathione-S-transferase-alpha in plasma was not different between the vegans (n = 12) and controls (n = 12). 5. The present data indicate a few differences in biomarkers of chemopreventive potential in strict vegans vs matched omnivorous controls. The significance of these changes as biologically relevant indicators of beneficial effects of vegan diets in humans needs to be determined in studies with a larger number of subjects.
BACKGROUND: Elevated blood pressure remains a widespread major impediment to health. Obesity and specific dietary factors such as high salt and alcohol intake and low potassium intake adversely affect blood pressure. It is a reasonable hypothesis that additional dietary constituents, particularly macronutrients, may also influence blood pressure. METHODS AND RESULTS: Participants were 11,342 middle-aged men from the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial (MRFIT). Data from repeat 24-hour dietary recalls (four to five per person) and blood pressure measurements at six annual visits were used to assess relationships, singly and in combination, of dietary macronutrients to blood pressure, adjusted for multiple possible confounders (demographic, dietary, and biomedical). Multiple linear regression was used to assess diet-blood pressure relations in two MRFIT treatment groups (special intervention and usual care), with adjustment for confounders, pooling of coefficients from the two groups (weighted by inverse of variance), and correction of coefficients for regression-dilution bias. In multivariate regression models, dietary cholesterol (milligrams per 1000 kilocalories), saturated fatty acids (percent of kilocalories), and starch (percent of kilocalories) were positively related to blood pressure; protein and the ratio of dietary polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids were inversely related to blood pressure. These macronutrient-blood pressure findings were obtained in analyses that controlled for body mass, dietary sodium and ratio of sodium to potassium, and alcohol intake, each positively related to blood pressure, and intake of potassium and caffeine, both inversely related to blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: These data support the concept that multiple dietary factors influence blood pressure; hence, broad improvements in nutrition can be important in preventing and controlling high-normal and high blood pressure. 
OBJECTIVES: To describe the distribution of serum lipids and examine the relationship between serum lipids and dietary and non-dietary factors. DESIGN: A randomised survey. SETTING: The survey was carried out in Tianjin, China. SUBJECTS: Altogether 680 subjects were screened. Forty-nine of those were excluded but 314 men and 317 women remained. INTERVENTION: The serum lipids were measured by enzymatic methods. The diet was assessed by food weighing plus consecutive individual 3-day food records. RESULTS: The mean cholesterol concentrations were 4.08 and 3.94 mmol/l in men and women respectively. The mean high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels were 1.24 and 1.35 mmol/l, and the mean triglyceride levels were 1.48 and 1.20 mmol/l. The energy intake derived from fat was approximately 29% (6.9% from saturated fat) and the polyunsaturates:saturates ratio of the diet was 1.3 in both sexes. Multiple regression analyses showed that no association was discovered between serum lipids and dietary variables. Age and body mass index (BMI) were strong and independent predictors of serum lipids in both sexes. BMI was positively related to serum total cholesterol, triglyceride and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and inversely related to HDL-C. Education was a predictor only in men. Men with a higher education had more coronary heart disease risk factors than men with lower education attainment. CONCLUSION: The Chinese have favourable serum lipid profiles and dietary fat pattern. No relationship was found between lipids and dietary variables, which warrants further studies because these relationships have not been investigated previously in any Chinese population. 
OBJECTIVE: Food intake data from Nationwide Food Consumption Survey (NFCS) was used to evaluate intakes of fat, type of fat, cholesterol, dietary fiber and sodium of Americans classified by age. SURVEY DESIGN & SETTING: Data from the recent USDA's 1987-88 NFCS were used. NFCS was designed to be a self-weighting, multistage, stratified, area probability sample representative of individuals in the 48 conterminous states. 1987-88 NFCS response rate was 35%. Three-day food intake data were used to assess the nutrient intakes. SUBJECTS: Dietary intakes of 9027 individuals (4180 men and 4847 women) were evaluated. Survey sample was divided into 11-14, 15-18, 19-24, 25-50 and > 51 years age groups. RESULTS: On average, Americans consumed more calories from total fat (36.5-38.1% of energy) and saturated fat (13.0-14.1% of energy) than recommended. Mean intakes for polyunsaturated fat (6.1-7.6% of energy) and monounsaturated fat met the recommendations (13.6-14.3% of energy). Total, saturated and monounsaturated fat intakes were significantly lower in the > 51 years age group compared to younger age groups. Mean cholesterol intakes were higher in the 19-24 and 25-50 year age groups than recommended. Fiber intakes were similar across the age groups (12.3-13.4 mg/d). Sodium intakes were higher in the younger population compared to the older population. CONCLUSIONS: Although dietary patterns of Americans in relation to total fat and saturated fat intakes have changed toward a healthier diet, these changes did not meet recommendations. The US population continues to consume lower intakes of fiber and higher intakes of sodium. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate relationships between serum lipid profiles, milk consumption and lifestyle, in a Japanese population. METHODS: A cross-sectional study in 12,610 Japanese men aged 30 to 69 years. Serum total-cholesterol (TC), HDL-cholesterol (HDLC), LDL-cholesterol (LDLC), TC/HDLC ratio, and triglycerides (TG) were determined. Milk consumption was classified into "Yes" (3553 men) and "No" (9057 men) groups by a self-administered questionnaire "Do you drink a glass of cow's milk (180 to 200 mL) or more everyday?". Five variables (age, body mass index, habitual exercise, and smoking and drinking habits) were considered confounding factors for the serum lipids. RESULTS: Regardless of age, the "Yes" group had higher levels of serum TC, HDLC and LDLC than the "No" group except for one comparison (HDLC in 50 to 54 year old group). The differences in serum TC (p < 0.001), HDLC (p < 0.001) and LDLC (p < 0.001) between the two groups were significant by ANOVA. However, milk consumption had no significant relations to serum TC/HDLC ratio or TG level. Multivariate models including the five confounding factors confirmed these results, and indicated that the "Yes" group had higher adjusted means of serum TC by 0.079 mmol/L (+1.5%, 5.280 vs. 5.201 mmol/L, p < 0.001), HDLC by 0.018 mmol/L (+1.4%, 1.260 vs. 1.242 mmol/L, p < 0.01), and LDLC by 0.066 mmol/L (+2.0%, 3.382 vs. 3.316 mmol/L, p < 0.001) than the "No" group. CONCLUSION: Milk consumption is part of a lifestyle related to hypercholesterolemia in the Japanese. 
Leptin, the product of the human homologue of the ob gene, which is defective in the obese (ob/ob) mouse, may be a humoral regulator of human adiposity. Plasma leptin concentrations were measured by RIA in 19 normal weight [body mass index (BMI) = 24.5 +/- 0.6 kg/m2] and 19 overweight to obese (BMI = 34.7 +/- 1.2 kg/m2) nondiabetic postmenopausal women on sequential controlled weight-maintaining diets containing 31%, 23%, and 14% of energy as fat, each for 4-6 weeks. Thereafter, the subjects ate a very low fat diet (< 15%) ad libitum; plasma leptin and insulin concentrations, BMI, percent body fat (%BF), and resting energy expenditure were determined after 6 and 8 months. Absolute and adiposity-corrected plasma leptin levels were higher in overweight/obese women (37.7 +/- 3.5 ng/mL; 1.01 +/- 0.07 ng.mL-1.%BF-1) than in normal weight women (16.9 +/- 2.2 ng/mL; 0.57 +/- 0.06 ng.mL-1.%BF-1, both P < 0.005 vs. obese), but were not different between the 31%, 23%, and 14% fat diets when body weight was stable. Plasma leptin was highly correlated with BMI (r = 0.81, P < 0.0001), %BF (r = 0.80, P < 0.0001), and fasting plasma insulin (r = 0.61, P < 0.0001). After 8 months on the ad libitum low fat diet, the women had lost an average of 6.9 +/- 1.0% of body mass (-2.0 +/- 0.3 kg/m2, P < 0.0001). In 15 subjects who lost more than 7% of body mass (-12.3 +/- 1.0%), plasma leptin concentrations decreased (-9.6 +/- 1.9 ng/mL, P < 0.0005), and the decrease of plasma leptin per change of adiposity (delta leptin/delta %BF) was greater in overweight/obese women (3.6 +/- 0.5) than in normal weight women (0.9 +/- 0.4, P < 0.01 vs. obese). In 18 other subjects who lost less than 7% of body mass (-2.7 +/- 0.6%), plasma leptin was unchanged (+1.4 +/- 1.4 ng/mL). Overall, the change of plasma leptin was significantly correlated with change of BMI (r = 0.43, P < 0.02), the change of %BF (r = 0.49, P < 0.005), the change of resting energy expenditure (r = 0.40, P < 0.02), and with the change of plasma insulin independently of changes of body adiposity (r = 0.45, P < 0.01). We conclude that plasma leptin concentrations are: 1) not affected by dietary fat content per se; 2) highly correlated with BMI, %BF, and plasma insulin in both overweight/obese and normal weight women; 3) decreased in parallel with plasma insulin after sustained weight loss; and 4) decreased more in overweight/obese than in normal weight women.
OBJECTIVES: To examine the association of plasma caffeine concentrations during pregnancy with fetal growth and to compare this with relations with reported caffeine intake. DESIGN: Prospective population based study. SETTING: District general hospital, inner London. SUBJECTS: Women booking for delivery between 1982 and 1984. Stored plasma was available for 1,500 women who had provided a blood sample on at least one occasion and for 640 women who had provided a sample on all three occasions (at booking, 28 weeks, and 36 weeks). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Birth weight adjusted for gestational age, maternal height, parity, and sex of infant. The exposures of interest were reported caffeine consumption and blood caffeine concentration. Cigarette smoking was assessed by blood cotinine concentration. RESULTS: Caffeine intake showed no changes during pregnancy, but blood caffeine concentrations rose by 75%. Although caffeine intake increased steadily with increasing cotinine concentration above 15 ng/ml, blood caffeine concentrations fell. Caffeine consumption was inversely related to adjusted birth weight, the estimated effect being a 1.3% fall in birth weight for a 1,000 mg per week increase in intake (95% confidence interval 0.5% to 2.1%). The apparent caffeine effect was confined to cigarette smokers, among whom the estimated effect was-1.6%/1000 mg a week (-2.9% to -0.2%) after adjustment for cotinine and -1.3% (-2.7% to 0.1%) after further adjustment for social class and alcohol intake. Adjusted birth weight was unrelated to blood caffeine concentrations overall (P = 0.09, but a positive coefficient), after adjustment for cotinine (P = 0.73), or among current smokers (P = 0.45). CONCLUSIONS: Smokers consume more caffeine than non-smokers. Blood caffeine concentrations during pregnancy are not related to fetal growth, but caffeine intake is negatively associated with birth weight, with this effect being apparent only in smokers. The effect remains of borderline significance after adjustment for other factors. Prudent advice for pregnant women would be to reduce caffeine intake in conjunction with stopping smoking. 
For men in the special intervention (SI) group of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial, the average decrease in serum total cholesterol was 16.9 mg/dL (6.7%); for men in the usual care (UC) group, the average decrease was 9.7 mg/dL (3.8%). The difference between the two groups for plasma total cholesterol was 6.2 mg/dL. Plasma low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol decreased 10.6 mg/dL (6.6%) in SI men and 5.4 mg/dL (3.4%) in UC men. Mean weight losses were 3.0 lb (1.36 kg) and 0.1 lb (0.05 kg) for SI and UC men, respectively. Change in blood total cholesterol was directly related to baseline concentration; for men with serum total cholesterol > or = 220 mg/dL, those in the SI group decreased their total cholesterol by 7.8% (design goal: 10%) and those in the UC group by 4.8% (expected: 0%). Change in dietary lipid intake (summarized by the Keys score) for SI men was significantly related to changes in blood total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglyceride, but not to change in high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. Controlled for weight change, coefficients for Keys score change were smaller but remained significantly related to each blood lipid except HDL cholesterol. Weight loss was associated with favorable effects on all blood lipids. Influences of change in diet and weight on blood lipids were quantitatively less for hypertensive men for serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and triglyceride than for nonhypertensive men. Nonsmokers had greater decreases than smokers in blood total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglyceride.
This chapter explores relations between reported intake of dietary carbohydrates and measurements of plasma lipids at baseline and during trial years 1-6 of the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial. With control for dietary lipids, alcohol, and other factors, total carbohydrate intake at baseline was inversely related to baseline plasma total cholesterol and high-density-lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol; starch and other simple carbohydrates were unrelated to plasma lipids and sucrose was inversely related to HDL cholesterol. During trial years 1-6, men assigned to the special intervention group increased their intake of starch and other simple carbohydrates as they decreased their fat intake, and lowered their intakes of refined and processed sucrose. Total carbohydrate intake of these men was inversely related to total, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL), and HDL cholesterol. Starch and sucrose intakes were also inversely related to HDL cholesterol. In contrast, intake of other simple carbohydrates was directly related to HDL, and inversely related to plasma total and LDL cholesterol. For men in the highest quintile of intake of other simple carbohydrates compared with men in the lowest quintile, plasma total cholesterol was lower by 3.6 mg/dL, LDL cholesterol was lower by 4.3 mg/dL, and HDL cholesterol was higher by 1.6 mg/dL. Findings were generally similar for men in the usual care group.
This chapter addresses relations between intake of fiber--total, soluble, and insoluble--and blood lipids in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial through use of baseline data (single measurement), averages of four to five 24-h recalls and blood lipid determinations collected during annual follow-up examinations, and change from baseline to follow-up. No significant associations were observed at baseline. Consistent highly significant inverse associations were seen in analyses of follow-up measurements. Results from change data were of intermediate strength and consistency. These variations were in all likelihood due to the low reliability of a single 24-h recall at baseline for determination of dietary intake and change in intake for individuals. From follow-up data, plasma total and low-density-lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations were lower by approximately 5 mg/dL for men in the special intervention group in quintile 5 of total fiber intake (25 g/d) compared with men in quintile 1 (8 g/d), after adjustment for average body mass index and intake of alcohol, saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, and dietary cholesterol. Results were similar for men in the usual care group. There were no adverse effects on high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol, nor any consistent associations with plasma triglycerides. Thus, increasing dietary fiber can provide additional reduction in blood total and LDL cholesterol and consequent improvement in the lipid profile, over and above the beneficial effects of a fat-modified diet.
This chapter presents analyses of relations of dietary variables to blood pressure, systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP), for men in the special intervention (SI) and usual care (UC) groups in the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial. For each dietary factor, analyses were done at baseline, for trial years 1-6, and for change from baseline to years 1-6. Analyses were done for all participants and for men receiving or not receiving antihypertensive drug treatment and were controlled for age, race, education, serum cholesterol, smoking, special diet status, and (for specific nutrients) body mass index and alcohol intake. Nutrient data for trial years 1-6, which are based on four or five dietary recalls per man, are more reliable than the baseline or change data, which are based on only one recall. Therefore, this summary focuses on data for trial years 1-6, for SI and UC men pooled. Regression analyses confirmed direct independent relations of body mass index, alcohol intake, sodium, and ratio of sodium to potassium to SBP and DBP, and an inverse relation of potassium to SBP and DBP. Dietary starch was directly related to SBP and DBP; dietary saturated fatty acid and cholesterol and Keys score were directly related to DBP; dietary magnesium, fiber, and caffeine were inversely related to SBP and DBP; and dietary protein, polyunsaturated fatty acids, the ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acid, and other simple carbohydrates were inversely related to DBP. Method problems, all tending to produce underestimations, are also reviewed.
Melatonin concentrations were determined in serum and 10 segments of the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) of 48 pigs (100 kg weight). The animals were fasted for 30 hr and then sacrificed 0, 1, 2, 5, 10, and 20 hr after refeeding. Peak amount of gastric digesta (2,428 g) and ileum digesta (850 g) were observed 1 hr and 5 hr, after refeeding, respectively. Conversely, colon content reached a minimal weight (726 g) at 2 hr after refeeding. Serum levels of melatonin increased from 3.4 pg/ml to 15.5 pg/ml (peak 5 hr after refeeding). Melatonin levels in GIT tissues before refeeding varied from 23.8 pg/g (stomach-fundus) to 62.1 pg/g (rectum). Increasingly higher levels of melatonin were detected in the distal segments of the GIT. Higher melatonin levels after refeeding were observed in most GIT tissues except the rectum. In most tissues, peak melatonin values were detected 5 hr after refeeding. A significant change in weight of digesta across time (P < 0.05) was detected in the stomach, ileum, and cecum. Similar changes in melatonin levels across time were found in most tissues except the esophagus, stomach (cardia and pylorus), and rectum. Adjacent GIT tissues exhibited similar (P < 0.05) melatonin levels. The GIT melatonin levels correlated best with the variation of digesta weight in the ileum. In addition, the increase of serum melatonin levels correlated best with the increase of GIT melatonin levels in the distal part of the GIT. Our results suggest that melatonin produced in the ileum, cecum, and colon may contribute significantly to the short-term increase of serum melatonin levels observed after refeeding.
HYPOTHESIS: The unknown prevalence of alcohol use and misuse among aviation pilots, crewmembers and associated support personnel call for continuous improvement of methods for detecting recent alcohol use. Early detection is essential to proper treatment and prevention of potentially catastrophic mishaps. Urinary 5-hydroxytryptophol (5HTOL), a serotonin (5HT) metabolite, has shown promise in the clinical setting as a noninvasive marker of recent alcohol consumption. METHODS: The urinary 5HTOL concentrations of 11 male and female subjects were followed for approximately 24 h following dosing with ethanol 0.6 g.kg-1. Concentrations were reported as a ratio of 5HTOL to 5-hydroxy-indoleacetic acid (5HIAA), 5HTOL/5HIAA (pmol/nmol), to compensate for urinary dilution and elevated 5HTOL levels due to dietary intake. Data from one male subject was excluded after he admitted to continued alcohol consumption subsequent to dosing and missing several urine samples. RESULTS: 5HTOL/5HIAA ratios remained above the 15 pmol/nmol cutoff for recent alcohol use for approximately 11-16 h in all except one subject. Calculations based on body weight and administered alcohol dose suggest that measurable blood alcohol levels would exist for only 5-7 h post ingestion. CONCLUSION: This study confirmed the extended elevation of 5HTOL/5HIAA ratios observed in earlier studies, even at the relatively low alcohol dose used herein. 5HTOL appears to be a marker for acute alcohol consumption worthy of further investigation by military and civilian authorities. Potential aviation applications of 5HTOL include validation of measurable blood alcohol concentrations, investigation of poor performance due to hangover effects, and as a forensic toxicology tool in aircraft accident investigations to distinguish between actual alcohol ingestion and post-mortem alcohol synthesis. 
OBJECTIVES: To measure the associations among blood pressure, hypertension, and recorded dietary factors. METHODS: Data were analyzed from the computer file of the Dietary and Nutritional Survey of British Adults, in which persons of both sexes aged 16 to 64 years living in private households (excluding pregnant women) had been randomly selected from the United Kingdom Electoral Register. Main outcome measures were systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and hypertension (defined as systolic blood pressure of > or = 140 mm Hg, diastolic blood pressure of > or = 90 mm Hg, or both, or receiving antihypertensive medication). RESULTS: After controlling for 24-hour urinary potassium excretion, age, obesity, alcohol intake, and season of interview, a single measure of 24-hour urinary sodium excretion was significantly associated with systolic blood pressure (P < or = .001), diastolic blood pressure (P < .05), and hypertension (P = .009). These associations persisted after controlling for many variables of blood chemistry and dietary intake. CONCLUSIONS: Sodium is positively associated with blood pressure over a range of sodium excretion rates from 70 to 400 mmol/d. This finding supports the international consensus that the risk of hypertension is lower when salt intake is lower and suggests that a proportion of the British population has a sodium excretion rate that is habitually low enough to have some preventive effect. 
Octadecenoic (18:1) trans-fatty acid fractions from margarine, butter and plasma phospholipids (PL) were isolated by silver ion TLC, and nine positional isomers (n-11-n-3) were identified by GC-MS based on their ozonolysis products. The GC analysis of the isolated fractions gave similar peak profiles and separated seven trans-isomers (n-11-n-6 and n-3). Without a preceding isolation step, the reproducibility of the GC method for plasma PL elaidic (18:1 n 9 trans) and trans-vaccenic acids (n-7) was 3.4 and 2.7% (R.S.D.), respectively. These trans-isomers were rapidly incorporated and cleared in plasma PL and they closely reflected both increased and decreased intake of 18:1 trans-fatty acids during moderate fat substitutions. Significant associations between high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and PL elaidic and trans-vaccenic acids appeared in habitual margarine users only.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the credibility of estimates of energy intake from a Diet History (DH) by cut off limits for the multiple of energy intake and basal metabolic rate (EI/BMRest) and by physical activity levels (PAL, total energy expenditure = TEE/BMR). DESIGN: Cohort study. SETTING: Departments of Geriatric Medicine and Clinical Nutrition, Gteborg University, Gothenburg, Sweden. SUBJECTS: 369 males and 440 females from three representative cohorts of free-living individuals from the gerontological and geriatric population studies--H70. RESULTS: Man values for EI/BMR(est) was 1.50 and 1.60 in males and 1.48 and 1.49 in females according to Schofield, Schofield and James (1985) and DHSS 41 (1991), respectively. A significant trend was seen when the sample was stratified at different levels of EI/BMR(est) with higher body weight, lower EI, higher proportion of energy from protein and lower of proportion energy from fat in the group with the lower values of EI/BMR(est). A significant difference was shown regarding food choice expressed as proportion of energy from ten defined food groups with respect to different EI/BMR(est) values. Lean body mass (LBM) by bioelectric impedance (BIA) correlated well with BMR according to DHSS 41 (1991), 0.90 for males and 0.87 for females. CONCLUSION: Energy intake was underreported with the DH method--especially in over-weight individuals. Reported food choice varied with EI/BMR values. EI/BMR(est) limits are useful for detecting underestimation of habitual energy intake. 
Lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT), cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) and phospholipid transfer protein (PLTP) are important factors involved in HDL metabolism. Altered plasma activity levels of these factors could play a role in the increase in high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol associated with moderate alcohol consumption. We measured plasma LCAT, CETP and PLTP activities with exogenous substrate assays, as well as lipoproteins and HDL lipids in 6 alcohol-abstaining men, 18 matched men who used < or = 1 and 18 men who used > or = 1 alcohol-containing drinks per day. Plasma cholesterol and triglycerides were similar in the three groups. HDL total cholesterol, HDL cholesteryl ester, HDL free cholesterol and HDL triglycerides were higher in the alcohol drinkers compared to the abstainers (all P < 0.05). No differences in plasma LCAT, CETP and PLTP activity levels were observed between the three groups. Analysis of covariance also demonstrated that the use of alcohol was associated with higher HDL cholesterol (P < 0.04), whereas plasma LCAT, CETP and PLTP activity levels were not related to alcohol consumption. Furthermore, HDL cholesteryl ester was positively associated with LCAT activity (P < 0.001), PLTP activity (P < 0.01) and alcohol intake (P < 0.04) and negatively with plasma triglycerides (P < 0.001) and CETP activity (P < 0.03); indicating that alcohol influenced HDL cholesteryl ester independently from these biochemical parameters. The higher HDL cholesterol associated with moderate alcohol consumption is, therefore, unlikely to be caused by and effect on plasma LCAT, CETP or PLTP activity levels.
The present study examined the effects of diet on the concentration and excretion of allantoin in milk and the relationship between allantoin in milk and urine of dairy cows. Results are reported from three experiments. In Experiment 1, four diets with two different protein percentages and two different rumen degradabilities were fed to 12 cows in a continuous trial. In Experiment 2, four diets with different protein balance values in the rumen were fed to four cows in a 4 x 4 Latin square design. In Experiment 3, four diets with different contents of concentrate and fat were fed to four cows in two incomplete 2 x 2 Latin squares. The excretion of allantoin N in milk increased as dry matter intake increased (Experiment 1) and as the concentrate in the diet increased (Experiment 3). In Experiments 1 and 3, the excretion of allantoin in milk was correlated with its concentration in milk and with its excretion in urine. In the three experiments, allantoin excretion in milk was closely correlated with milk yield. The amount of allantoin secreted in milk represented a small proportion (0.63 to 1.34%) of the total excretion in urine and milk. The proportion of allantoin secreted in milk was negatively correlated with the urinary excretion of allantoin in Experiments 2 and 3 and positively correlated with the excretion of allantoin in milk in Experiment 1. In Experiments 1 and 2, the proportion of allantoin excreted in milk was not constant but increased as milk yield increased.
Two groups of 3 120-160-kg Holstein steers were fed a diet high in carbohydrate and low in long fiber and either with or without added sodium sulfate. Prior to and during the course of feeding the experimental diet, the concentrations of rumen hydrogen sulfide gas and rumen fluid sulfide were determined by a simple sulfide detector tube method and by sulfide-selective electrode, respectively. Other measurements included rumen fluid pH, blood creatine kinase, and blood sulfhemoglobin. Two of the 3 steers fed the high-sulfate diet developed signs and lesions of polioencephalomalacia. Clinical signs included episodic ataxia and blunted or absent menace reaction. Increased ruminal H2S gas concentrations occurred in all 3 steers consuming the diet with added sulfate. The onset of clinical signs coincided with the onset of elevated H2S concentrations. These increases were 40-60 times the values measured in the steers consuming the diet without added sulfate. In contrast, increases in rumen fluid sulfide concentrations usually rose to 4 times that of control steers. The steers fed an identical diet but without added sulfate exhibited no signs or lesions of polioencephalomalacia and no elevations of sulfide in rumen gas or fluid. All steers had a modest decrease in rumen fluid pH associated with the transition to the concentrate diet. No significant changes were observed in any of the blood measurements of any of the steers. An additional pair of steers was fed the experimental diet with or without added sulfate to compare the ruminal H2S gas concentrations estimated by H2S detector tubes with those estimated by a different method of analysis utilizing charcoal trapping of H2S, conversion to sulfate, and measurement of the sulfate. Both methods yielded comparable estimates of H2S concentration. Overall, these data indicate that changes in rumen gas cap H2S concentrations are larger than changes in rumen fluid sulfide concentration and the estimation of rumen gas cap H2S concentration may be a practical approach to detecting pathologic increases in ruminal H2S gas. This simple, rapid, minimally invasive method should be useful for estimating the H2S content of ruminal gas under field conditions.
The growing public concern with the adverse effects on health of a high fat intake has led to a proliferation on the market of reduced fat products. However, no consensus exists on the effectivity of reduced fat products to decrease energy intake. The studies that have investigated this topic have included small numbers of subjects, studied under laboratory conditions and over a relatively short period of time. Therefore, we have executed a long-term study in which volunteers had free access to both reduced fat, commercially available products in the laboratory as well as to products obtained from regular shops. We here report the feasibility of such a type of study and the effects of consumption of reduced fat products on blood levels of cholesterol, haemostasis variables, antioxidants and parameters of the immune system. The study was a multicentre parallel comparison trial of six months (so-called MSFAT-study). 241 volunteers received either reduced fat products or full-fat products and the products were clearly labelled as such. Two months before the start of the study, a 1 month adaptation period was executed to optimize the experimental procedures. Food intake was recorded before the start of the adaptation period and 2-4 weeks, 3 months and 6 months after the start of the study. Blood samples were taken before, after 2, 4 and 6 months of the study. In addition, a selection of the reduced fat and full-fat products was sensorically evaluated three times during the study by a subgroup of the volunteers. 220 volunteers completed the study. The reduced fat group consumed on average 46% less fat from the so-called MSFAT-products obtained from the shop at the laboratory than the control group and consumption of these MSFAT-products did not decrease in either of the groups during the time course of the study. The palatability of the reduced fat and full-fat products was similar and as expected, the perceived fattiness of the full-fat products was higher than that of the reduced fat products. No effects were found on blood levels of cholesterol, haemostasis variables, parameters of antioxidant status and immune system characteristics. In conclusion, the experimental manipulation of the fat content of the diet that was achieved and that remained stable throughout the 6 months of the study indicates that this type of set-up is feasible to assess the effects of long-term nutritional intervention in large groups of volunteers under semi-controlled conditions. The regular use of reduced fat products did not positively but also not adversely affect blood cholesterol levels, antioxidant status, haemostasis factors and the body's immune system.
The validity of dietary assessment methods in a group of women aged 50-65 y was evaluated with use of biochemical markers. Estimates of nitrogen, potassium, and carotene intakes from weighed-food and estimated records yielded higher correlations with urinary nitrogen, urinary potassium, and serum concentrations of carotenoids than did estimates from food-frequency questionnaires and 24-h recalls. When the residuals method of energy adjustment was used, the correlations between intakes of nitrogen and potassium estimated from food-frequency questionnaires and 24-h recalls and intakes derived from weighed-food records improved, and the high correlations between biochemical markers and estimates from weighed-food records were maintained. In addition, with use of this method, estimates for nitrogen and potassium intakes from food-frequency questionnaires showed the most improvement in comparison with the biochemical markers; however, the correlations of crude nitrogen and potassium with crude energy intake were highest. Carotene intake was not related to energy intake, so that correlations between the intake of carotene assessed by any method and the plasma beta-carotene concentration did not improve with energy adjustment and between-person variability was not reduced. Energy adjustment with either the energy density or residuals method did not alter the ranking of accuracy of various dietary assessment methods in comparison with weighed-food records or biochemical markers in either the total group of subjects or those who were identified as having provided valid weighed-food records.
The INTERSALT Study, an international, collaborative, cross-sectional investigation of the relation between blood pressure and dietary and other factors, used quality-controlled, standardized procedures and assessment of multiple possible confounding factors to study 10,079 men and women in 52 population-based samples in 32 countries. In this study 24-h urinary excretion data were used as biochemical markers of intakes of sodium, potassium, and protein, with repeat examinations done in a randomly selected 8% of participants to asses reliability and correct for regression-dilution bias. INTERSALT showed that high salt intake, low potassium intake, excess alcohol consumption, and energy imbalance resulting in overweight are critically involved in the origins of the high blood pressure prevalent among a majority of adult populations. The findings also show that obtaining accurate estimates of associations between dietary intake and blood pressure requires large population-based samples, high-quality dietary information, control for multiple confounding variables, and modern multivariate methods of data analyses, including correction of observed associations for within-person variation in intake.
Nutrient indexes derived from food-frequency questionnaires have generally been regarded as acceptably valid for epidemiologic purposes. Evaluations of these indexes, however, have considered only their convergent validity. We suggest that discriminant validity, or the ability to distinguish among exposures to different nutrients, is also important. Using baseline data from a large clinical trial, we tested the discriminant validity of indexes of intake of vitamin E, alpha-carotene, and beta-carotene. Our results suggest that the vitamin E index possesses neither convergent not discriminant validity, the alpha-carotene index adequate convergent and discriminant validity, and the beta-carotene index adequate convergent but no discriminant validity.
OBJECTIVE: Suboptimal nutrition leads to growth delay, frequently without over clinical or biochemical signs. We hypothesize that changes in serum IFG-1 and erythrocyte sodium-potassium ATPase activity (ENKA) may be indices of suboptimal nutrition. METHODS: Male Sprague-Dawley rats were pair-fed for 4 weeks with balanced diets of different carbohydrate (CHO) to fat (FAT) ratios (3:1, 2:1, and 1:1) and three levels of energy intake (ad-libitum, 80%, and 60%), corrected for actual body weight). Daily weight gain and weekly tail growth were monitored while ENKA, serum total protein, T3, insulin and IGF-1 were measured after four weeks. Refeeding experiments were also performed with the 3:1 and 1:1 CHO:FAT diets, including 4 weeks of dietary restriction and one week of ad-libitum feeding. RESULTS: Weight gain, tail growth, and IGF-1 decreased (p < 0.05) in all groups after 1 week of dietary restriction. A decrease in ENKA (p < 0.05) was found in rats that consumed 60% of ad-libitum energy intake only after 4 weeks. At the end of dietary treatment, weight gain was higher (p < 0.05) in rats fed the 3:1 CHO:FAT diet. In contrast, when energy was restricted to 80% or 60% of ad-libitum intake, rats fed the 1:1 CHO:FAT diet gained more weight (p < 0.05) compared to the 3:1 and 2:1 CHO:FAT diets. After 1 week of refeeding body weight, tail growth and ENKA returned to control values while serum IGF-1 levels remained depressed. CONCLUSIONS: Acute nutritional changes are clearly detected by a reduction of serum IGF-1 while ENKA may be a useful index for assessing chronic suboptimal nutrition. 
Studies with animal models suggest that saturated fatty acids raise low density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol levels by reducing LDL receptor-mediated clearance. To examine this directly in humans, we studied the effects of lowering dietary saturated fat on LDL-receptor abundance in peripheral mononuclear cells which reflects hepatic LDL-receptor status. Healthy males and females (n = 25) participating in the DELTA (Dietary Effects on Lipoproteins and Thrombogenic Activity) Study consumed three experimental diets in a randomized cross-over design. Diets provided 34% fat, 15% saturated fatty acids (Average American Diet); 29% fat, 9% saturated fatty acids (Step-One Diet); and 25% fat, 6% saturated fatty acids (Low SAT Diet). Peripheral mononuclear cells were isolated from blood samples collected after 6 and 8 wk. An ELISA was used to quantify LDL-receptor protein in total cell membranes. LDL-receptor abundance increased by 10.5% after the Low SAT Diet (P < 0.05). This was associated with an 11.8% decrease in serum LDL-cholesterol (P < 0.05). A linear inverse relationship was observed between the percentage change in LDL-cholesterol and the percentage change in LDL-receptor abundance (r = -0.59; P < 0.01). In addition, LDL-receptor abundance also was correlated inversely (P < 0.001) with serum levels of LDL-cholesterol (r = -0.747) and apoB (r = -0.593). In summary, reducing dietary saturated fat is associated with an increase in LDL-receptor abundance of magnitude similar to the decrease in serum LDL-cholesterol. Thus, an important mechanism by which reductions in dietary saturated fatty acids decrease LDL-cholesterol in humans is through an increase in LDL-receptor number.
It has been implied that fat and fiber intakes influence breast cancer risk. The effects of these dietary factors may be mediated by hormonal changes. We evaluated the relationships between fat or fiber intake and serum concentration of estradiol (E2) or sex hormone-binding globulin in premenopausal women. In 1994 blood samples were collected from each of 50 premenopausal healthy Japanese women on Days 11 and 22 of the menstrual cycle. Nutrient intakes were assessed by food frequency questionnaire in which the subjects were asked about their diets during one year before the study. Each nutrient intake was categorized into tertile after adjustment for total energy. Linear regression models, including age and cycle length as covariates, were utilized to evaluate the association between the nutrient intakes and the hormone concentrations. A statistically significant trend was observed between increasing fat intake and increasing E2 on Day 11 of the cycle (p = 0.05). The positive trend for increasing sex hormone-binding globulin on Day 22 with fat intake was of borderline significance (p = 0.06). There was a statistically significant inverse trend for E2 on Day 11 of the cycle with fiber intake (p = 0.05). It was suggested that fat as well as fiber intake should affect the hormone status.
OBJECTIVES: This paper describes the Northwest Lipid Research Clinic Fat Intake Scale, a brief dietary questionnaire to screen and monitor dietary intake related to plasma cholesterol levels. METHODS: The 12-item instrument assesses intake of foods high in fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol. Test-retest reliability was assessed on 194 men and 116 women with high cholesterol prior to a dietary intervention study. To measure validity and responsiveness to dietary change, scores were compared with 4-day food records before and after diet education classes. RESULTS: Test-retest correlation coefficients were .88 for men and .90 for women (2 weeks between scores). Scores for men and women were correlated with nutrients shown by food records at baseline (.47 and .54, total fat; .50 and .51, saturated fat) and 18 months postintervention (.52 and .58, total fat; .56 and .64, saturated fat; all Ps < .001). Mean scores decreased from about 30 to 23 (P < .001, paired t test). CONCLUSIONS: The Fat Intake Scale, a qualitative instrument, has acceptable reliability and validity for estimating the level of cholesterol-related diet components and reflects dietary modification. The format of the instrument also lends itself to patient education and goal setting. 
Dietary intakes of retinol equivalents, alpha-tocopherol equivalents, vitamin D and phylloquinone were estimated from three sets of 4-d weighed diet records and compared to three corresponding fasting plasma concentrations of retinol, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, alpha-tocopherol, and phylloquinone measured in 34 healthy adults over 20 wk. The magnitude of the correlation between dietary vitamin intake and its corresponding biochemical measure is in part determined by the reproducibility of each of the measures, so within-to-between subject variance ratios were calculated for both dietary intakes and plasma concentrations. Phylloquinone was the only fat-soluble vitamin with a significant correlation between dietary intake and fasting plasma concentration (r = 0.51, P = 0.004). This correlation improved with an increase in both the number of independent diet records and independent plasma measures. Of the dietary intake measures, all the fat-soluble vitamins had greater within than between subject variance, with the highest measured for phylloquinone (6.86:1). Of the plasma measures, only phylloquinone had a within-to-between subject variance ratio greater than one (5.36:1). Comparisons across age and sex for dietary intake and plasma concentrations differed in pattern among the fat-soluble vitamins.
The present study investigated the association between 24-h urinary sodium excretion and heart rate in the determination of blood pressure (BP) levels in a large random population sample from eastern Finland. Three independent risk factor surveys were performed in 1979, 1982 and 1987 using the same methodology. Data from each survey was pooled for subjects aged 25-64 years who reported a complete 24-h urine collection and were not on the current antihypertensive treatment (1640 men and 1686 women). The effect of urinary sodium excretion and heart rate was examined by regressing BP on urinary sodium excretion and pulse rate, together with age and body mass index (BMI). Analyses stratified by quintiles of heart rate were also performed. There was no association between urinary sodium and BP either in men or in women. There was a significant correlation between heart rate and both systolic and diastolic BP in both men and women. A significant interaction between age and BMI with heart rate was also found in both sexes. Interaction between urinary sodium and heart rate was found neither in men nor in women. Among men, after adjustment for age and BMI, there was a curvilinear relation between 24-h urinary excretion of sodium and diastolic BP (P = 0.054) in the lowest quintile of heart rate (<60 beats/min). No correlations were observed among women in any of the quintiles of heart rate.
BACKGROUND: As part of the European Prospective investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), preliminary studies were conducted to evaluate the accuracy of individuals' dietary intake measurements from newly developed questionnaires. METHODS: In six countries that adhered from the very beginning to the multicentre, co-ordinated EPIC project, the validity studies were based on two repeat questionnaire measurements at the start and at the end of a 1-year period, in groups of about 100 volunteers of both sexes. In addition, during this year, up to 12 24-hour recalls per person were taken monthly, and up to four blood and urine specimens were collected for measurement of biochemical markers. In three countries that joined EPIC later, the designs of the validity studies and type of 'reference' measurement chosen were somewhat different. The results presented in this overview paper are taken partly from more detailed, country-specific publications, and partly from a central (re-)analysis of the original data, to ensure a uniform approach to the statistical analyses and presentation. RESULTS: Averaged over subgroups by country and gender, Spearman coefficients of correlation between questionnaire measurements and the individuals' average 24-hour recalls ranged from 0.37 for fish to 0.68 for dairy products and 0.79 for alcoholic beverages. For energy-adjusted nutrient intakes (or nutrient densities, in the UK), mean Pearson correlation coefficients, corrected for residual attenuation due to day-to-day variations in the 24-hour recalls in all but two countries, ranged from 0.37 for retinol and 0.48 for vitamin E to 0.60 for carbohydrates and 0.12 for total alcohol intake. Correlations between energy-adjusted nutrient intakes and biochemical markers on average were low, but varied considerably between study centres. CONCLUSIONS: On average, most estimated correlation coefficient were of similar magnitude to those observed by independent research groups. The role of the preliminary validity studies, and various benefits drawn from these studies for further planning of the EPIC project are discussed. 
BACKGROUND: A self-administered semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was developed for the Dutch cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC). METHODS: The reproducibility and relative validity of nutrient intake as assessed by this questionnaire were investigated in a population of 121 men and women. To assess the relative validity, 12 monthly 24-hour recalls served as reference method, together with four determinations of 24-hour urinary nitrogen excretion, predicted basal metabolic rate, and serum beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol levels. RESULTS: Protein and among women, energy intake were underestimated by the questionnaire compared to urinary nitrogen excretion and the basal metabolic rate, respectively. The underestimation for protein decreased with increasing protein intake. Pearson correlation coefficients between nutrient intakes assessed by repeated questionnaires ranged from 0.70 to 0.94 among men and from 0.59 to 0.94 among women. Correlation coefficients between nutrient intakes assessed by the questionnaire and 24-hour recalls ranged from 0.26 to 0.83 for men and from 0.35 to 0.90 for women, with medians of 0.59 and 0.58, respectively. Correlation coefficients between 0.2 and 0.5 were observed for beta-carotene and vitamin C for men and for beta-carotene and vitamin E for women. Associations with serum beta-carotene (r = -0.16 for men; 0.13 for women) and alpha-tocopherol (0.23 and 0.15, respectively) were much poorer than those obtained with 24-hour recalls. Correlations between protein intake and 24-hour urinary nitrogen excretion were 0.47 and 0.53, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ seems adequate for ranking subjects according to intake of energy, macronutrients, dietary fibre and retinol, but it does not yield such good results for beta-carotene, vitamin C for men, vitamin E for women. 
BACKGROUND: For the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study Germany, a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was developed and tested for its relative validity and reproducibility in 1991/1992. Study participants were 92 potential cohort members. This paper reports results regarding retinol, carotenoids, tocopherols and ascorbic acid. METHODS: Study participants were invited to the study centre in Heidelberg once a month over one year. At each visit, a 24 hour recall was obtained. The FFQ was filled in twice with a 6-month interval (FFQ1, FFQ2). In addition, a questionnaire on general consumption frequencies of 14 broad food groups was completed. This information was combined with estimates derived from FFQ2 and frequency-corrected food and nutrient intakes were calculated (FFQcorr). Blood specimens were taken in winter and summer 1992. RESULTS: The intraclass correlation of the FFQ ranged from 0.65 to 0.67 for retinol, tocopherols, carotenoids, and ascorbic acid. Intake of carotenoids by FFQcorr showed de-attenuated Pearson correlation coefficients with blood values in the order of 0.37, and with recall data of 0.44. Respective correlations for retinol were 0.21 and 0.29, for tocopherols 0.18 and 0.52, and for ascorbic acid 0.36 and 0.69. Errors of FFQcorr and 24-hour diet recalls were not correlated. CONCLUSIONS: In general, it was demonstrated that the FFQ was able to rank participants into biologically meaningful categories of intake or blood concentrations for carotenoids and ascorbic acid, but misclassification was higher for tocopherol and retinol. 
BACKGROUND: A dietary history questionnaire (DH) administered by interview was validated against 12 24-hour recalls. Relative validity of the DH and the 24-hour diet recalls was assessed by comparing nutrient intake derived from both methods with the urinary excretion of nitrogen (N) and plasma levels of carotenes, vitamin E and vitamin C. METHODS: The urinary excretion of N was estimated from four 24-hour urine collections of 64 subjects (30 males and 34 females), and plasma levels of carotenes and vitamins C and E from one fasting blood collection in 72 subjects (32 men and 40 women). RESULTS: The mean difference (g/day) between N excretion and N intake was -0.73 (-3.1%) for the DH and -1.4 (-8.2%) for the 24-hour diet recalls. The Pearson correlation coefficients were 0.58 and 0.52 respectively. The crude Pearson correlation coefficient between plasma level of vitamin C and dietary intake according to the DH was 0.46 and according to the 24-hour diet recall was 0.49. For beta-carotene it was 0.33 and 0.42 and for total carotenoids it was 0.27 and 0.28. For vitamin E, after adjusting for cholesterol levels and energy intake, it was 0.33 and 0.36. Some differences were found by gender and smoking habit. CONCLUSIONS: The DH method gives similar results to those from the 24-hour diet recall that was used as the dietary reference method which demonstrated that DH can provide a relatively valid measurement of habitual intake for the studied nutrients. 
BACKGROUND: We evaluated the reproducibility and relative validity of a 190-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to be used in a large prospective study in the Athens area of Greece. METHODS: In all, 42 men and 38 women, aged 25-67 years, completed two self-administered semi-quantitative FFQ spaced approximately 1 year apart. Within this 1-year interval, participants visited the study centre monthly and completed an interviewer-administered 24-hour diet recall questionnaire. We also collected two venous blood and three 24-hour urine samples from participants at randomly selected periods during the year between the two administrations of the dietary questionnaire. RESULTS: Mean values for intake of most nutrients assessed by the two FFQ were in good agreement while those assessed by the two different dietary methods were reasonably similar for most nutrients. Intraclass correlation coefficients for energy-adjusted nutrient intakes assessed by questionnaires one year apart averaged 0.57 (range 0.24-0.75) and were not substantially different between genders. Correlation coefficients between the energy-adjusted nutrients measured by repeated 24-hour recalls and the semi-quantitative FFQ ranged from 0.25 for beta-carotene and polyunsaturated fats to > 0.50 for saturated fats, cis-linoleic acid, calcium and phosphorus (average: 0.46 for men and 0.39 for women). Reliability and relative validity were very high for alcohol intake. Dietary intakes from the FFQ were significantly correlated to plasma levels of vitamin C, but not beta-carotene or cholesterol. Dietary protein intake assessed by both FFQ was correlated (0.36, 0.30) with average urinary nitrogen excretion levels from three 24-hour urine samples. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that the semi-quantitative FFQ is reproducible and provides a reasonably reliable measure of intake. Significant correlations between diet and an independent biochemical marker further corroborate the relative validity of our questionnaire in this Greek population. 
A pilot questionnaire was developed for the EPIC centres of northern Italy, and validated in the feasibility part of the cohort project. The questionnaire was self-administered and of the food frequency type with portion size estimated by means of pictures. It was structured by courses within a meal characteristic of Italian dietary habits. Dietary intake estimated by the questionnaire was compared to the corresponding estimates obtained from 8-14 24-hour recall interviews administered over a 1-year period. The reference method was validated by means of urinary nitrogen in 4-6 repeated 24-hour urine collections. One hundred and ninety-seven volunteers (47 men and 150 women) were enrolled and completed the study lasting 1 year. They filled out two questionnaires at the beginning and at the end of the study, and had a 24-hour recall interview once a month. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected at regular intervals. Usual intake of energy, the major nutrients and some vitamins were estimated for the questionnaires and the reference method by means of food composition tables compiled for this study. The agreement between the questionnaire and the 24-hour recalls was only good for alcohol consumption: Pearson's correlation was 0.73 and 0.77 in men and women respectively. Otherwise the relative validity of the questionnaire ranged between 0.28 for fat to 0.52 for carbohydrates in men and 0.25 and 0.50 in women for the same nutrients. The validity of the two interview methods in estimating protein intake, compared to mean urinary nitrogen was 0.24 (M) and 0.18 (W) for the questionnaire and 0.63 (M) and 0.48 (W) for 24-hour recalls. The main causes of low performance of the questionnaire were identified to be the estimated intake of dressing and cooking fats, vegetables and meat. Remedies were devised and introduced in the final version of the questionnaire currently in use in the EPIC project.
BACKGROUND: Nutritional epidemiology relies largely on dietary assessment methods for the estimation of the "exposure' variables which may be related to disease risk. METHODS: This paper describes a methodological study conducted in Malm, Sweden, to compare nutrient intake--estimated by two alternative dietary assessment methods--with a reference method consisting of 18 days of weighed food records. The two candidate methods were an extensive food frequency questionnaire with portion size to be estimated from a booklet of 120 sets of photos (method A) and a method involving the combination of a shorter questionnaire and a two-week food record (method B). RESULTS: In absolute values, both methods overestimated nutrient intake by 20-40%, with method B closer to the reference for most nutrients. Both crude and energy-adjusted correlations between A-reference and B-reference were of the order of 0.50-0.60 for energy, energy-providing nutrients and most vitamins and minerals. Correlations were in the same range for most of the 14 fatty acids considered in the analyses. Protein intake, estimated from the analyses of urinary nitrogen on 6-8 repeated 24-hour urine collections per subject, was almost identical to the reference method values. Correlation between nitrogen-derived values and dietary measurement was 0.75. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, the study indicated that both methods A and B had good ranking validity compared to the reference and that in most cases the combined method (B) performed slightly better than the extensive food frequency method (A). 
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) has been identified as a potential biochemical marker of heavy alcohol consumption. Published studies to date primarily have focused on the ability of CDT levels to distinguish individuals with heavy alcohol drinking from nondrinking populations. In contrast, this study examines the utility of CDT levels in distinguishing alcohol-dependent patients who drink heavily from those who drink smaller amounts. This study also evaluates the potential relationship of CDT to severity of alcohol dependence and its gender differences. Serum was collected in 38 DSM-III-R alcohol-dependent outpatients at treatment entry (22 males, 16 females). CDT levels correlated with the extent of alcohol drinking in the month before treatment in males (r = 0.56, df = 20, p < .01), but not in females (r = 0.08, df = 14, NS). CDT levels also correlated with alcohol severity at pre-treatment in males (r = 0.53, df = 20, p < .05), but not in females (r = 0.27, df = 14, NS). Thus, elevated CDT levels may be mediated by alcohol severity, distinguishing CDT not only as a marker of heavy drinking, but also as an indicator of the severity of drinking-related biological and psychosocial dysfunction that may require further intervention.
The objective was to investigate metabolic (resting metabolic rate), behavioral (energy intake), and endocrine variables (fasting insulin and growth hormone levels) potentially responsible for a positive energy balance in obese children in a cross-sectional study. The study was in 25 obese children aged 8 to 12 years and 21 nonobese children of the same age range. Weight, height, lean body mass (LBM) and fatmass (FM) were measured by bioelectrical impedance analysis, resting metabolic rate (indirect calorimetry) for the duration of 25 min, 7-day food records and fasting levels of insulin and human growth hormone (HGH). In the total sample, no differences were found in resting metabolic rate (RMR controlled for differences in weight) and energy intake between groups, whereas fasting insulin level was significantly higher and basal growth hormone concentration was significantly lower in the obese children. In RMR, there were significant age-dependent differences only in 10-year-old children, with the obese subjects showing lower values. The results fit in a multidimensional model, taking into account a critical period in prepubertal age for the development of childhood obesity. This period may be characterized by a reduced RMR, which results in an increased body weight, even if there is no excessive energy intake.
In order to identify risk factors (e.g. physical inactivity, dietary composition) associated with blood pressure within a given population, it is necessary to adjust for differences in known associations (e.g. age, body weight) using a method such as the analysis of covariance. However, the blood pressure results from the Allied Dunbar National Fitness Survey (ADNFS) were found to be non-linear with age, positively skewed (with heteroscedastic errors) and therefore non-normally distributed. Hence, before valid inferences can be drawn from such data, there is a clear need to formulate an appropriate model for blood pressure that will overcome these undesirable characteristics. A multiplicative model (with allometric body size components) was proposed and fitted to the ADNFS blood pressure results. After a logarithmic transformation the parsimonious solution was able to confirm the association with BMI, the non-linear changes with age, and overcome the heteroscedastic and positively skewed errors, i.e. the residuals from the fitted log-linear models for both systolic and diastolic blood pressure were symmetric and normally distributed. Other factors were found to make a significant additional contribution to the prediction of blood pressure. Cyclists, participants in vigorous physical activity and those subjects who consumed more fresh fruit, rice or pasta, and wine were found to have significantly lower mean levels of blood pressure. Indeed, the gap in blood pressure between participants and non-participants in vigorous physical activity increased further with age. However, subjects who drank more beer tended to have significantly higher mean levels of blood pressure. Thus by developing an appropriate model for arterial blood pressure, some well known, and some less well known, associations with arterial blood pressure have been identified. The results suggest that physical activity and other lifestyle factors may protect against hypertension.
To explore the immunological roles of dietary fiber, male 4-wk-old Sprague-Dawley rats were fed for 2 wk cellulose (water-insoluble), konjak mannan (water-soluble), pectin (water-soluble) or chitosan (acid-soluble) at 5 g/100 g diet. Serum IgE concentrations in rats fed konjak mannan, pectin and chitosan were significantly lower than in those fed cellulose (mean +/- SEM: 5.0 +/- 1.1, 3.6 +/- 1.3, 3.0 +/- 1.2 and 9.6 +/- 1.9 microg/L, respectively). Rats fed pectin had significantly higher serum IgA and IgG concentrations (358 +/- 38 and 424 +/- 36 mg/L for IgA and IgG, respectively) than those fed cellulose (240 +/- 31 and 337 +/- 25 mg/L) or chitosan (176 +/- 22 and 379 +/- 23 mg/L), while the IgM concentration did not differ among the groups. Concentrations of IgA, IgG and IgM in mesenteric lymph node (MLN) lymphocytes generally were greater, while IgE concentration was lower, in rats fed pectin and chitosan than in those fed cellulose. The proportion of CD4+ T-cells in MLN lymphocytes was also dietary fiber-dependent, and the CD4+/CD8+ ratio was significantly higher in the pectin fed group than in all other groups. Under certain experimental conditions, MLN lymphocytes from rats fed pectin had markedly greater interferon-gamma concentration than cells from other groups, while the effect on tumor necrosis factor-alpha concentration was less marked. Thus, dietary fiber may have an immunoregulatory effect on the intestinal immune system of rats.
BACKGROUND: Despite considerable interest in the anticarcinogenic and anti-atherosclerotic effects of carotenoids and alpha-tocopherol, little is known about determinants of these serum micronutrients. METHODS: The association of lifestyle factors including alcohol use, physical activity and dietary habits with serum levels of carotenoids (lycopene, lutein, cryptoxanthin and beta-carotene), retinol and alpha-tocopherol were studied in 194 healthy men aged 24-60 years who smoked > 15 cigarettes/day. A self-administered questionnaire ascertained consumption frequency of 12 food items, alcohol consumption, levels of physical activity and the number of cigarettes smoked per day. RESULTS: Of the dietary items studied, total vegetable intake was significantly, positively associated with beta-carotene levels, as was fruit intake with serum levels of each carotenoid. Tofu intake was unexpectedly, but strongly related to decreased levels of cryptoxanthin and beta-carotene. None of the food items was materially related to serum levels of retinol and alpha-tocopherol. Alcohol consumption was most strongly and inversely associated with levels of all the carotenoids except lutein, whereas was positively associated with retinol level but not with alpha-tocopherol level. Frequency of participation in sports was significantly and positively associated with both retinol and alpha-tocopherol levels. The amount of cigarettes smoked per day was unrelated to each micronutrient level in this study of moderate or heavy smokers. CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of vegetables and fruits is an important determinant of serum carotenoid levels even in smokers. Alcohol consumption is inversely associated with carotenoid levels, although the mechanism for this is not clear. Tofu and physical activity influence serum levels of antioxidative micronutrients, and these relationships need further studies. 
Relatively high intakes of vegetables and fruit and relatively low intakes of fat are associated with lower rates of heart disease and many types of cancer. Biomarkers for vegetable and fruit consumption are most useful when applicable across different ages, body weights, diets, and varying patterns of fat intake. This study examined two biomarkers, serum concentrations of beta-carotene and vitamin C, as a function of anthropometric, dietary, and lifestyle factors in a community-based sample of French adults. The interview-based dietary-history method was used to assess dietary intakes of 361 males and 476 females aged 18-94 y resident in the Val-de-Marne district southeast of Paris. Serum beta-carotene was quantified by HPLC and vitamin C was measured by using an automated method. Serum beta-carotene and vitamin C concentrations were positively associated with vegetable and fruit intakes and were negatively linked to the consumption of energy, alcohol, and fat. Multiple-regression analyses showed that serum beta-carotene concentration was predicted by fruit and vegetable intakes but was inversely associated with body mass, energy and alcohol intakes, and tobacco use. Serum vitamin C concentration was positively associated with fruit consumption but was negatively associated with age, body mass, and tobacco use. Serum beta-carotene and vitamin C concentrations are useful biomarkers of vegetable and fruit consumption in the French diet. However, other dietary and lifestyle factors also have a significant effect on circulating concentrations of these antioxidant micronutrients.
PURPOSE: The relationship between green tea intake and serum concentrations of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and high density lipoprotein cholesterol was examined. METHODS: The subjects were 630 middle-aged men and their 370 wives sampled from five regions of Japan during 1989-1991. Consumption frequency of 38 foods, including green tea, was determined by interview. Three-day food records were collected from 207 of the men and 164 of the wives. The mean serum concentrations of the three lipids were compared according to the three levels of daily green tea intake (< 1 cup, 1-4 cups, and > 4 cups), with adjustments for various health habits, food frequencies, and nutrient intakes. RESULTS: After extensive multivariate adjustments for nondietary and dietary covariates, green tea was not associated with any of the lipid levels. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this cross-sectional study do not support the beneficial effects of green tea on serum lipid levels. 
The relationship between the number of cigarettes smoked per day and the incidence of lung cancer is linear but, from the multistage model of carcinogenesis, it should be quadratic (upwards curving). We investigated this anomaly in a study of 11,403 male never smokers and current smokers in whom carboxyhaemoglobin (COHb) was measured in all and serum cotinine in 1175. The relationship between the biochemical markers and the reported number of cigarettes per day was approximately linear up to 20 cigarettes per day as expected. But above 20 cigarettes per day the marker levels increased less steeply and were 35% lower than expected in men who smoked more than 40 cigarettes per day. Less smoke is inhaled from each cigarette by men with high daily cigarette consumption than by men with lower consumption. Allowance for this transforms the observed linear dose-response relationship into one consistent with the expected quadratic relationship. The anomaly is explained by the observation that heavier smokers inhale less smoke from each cigarette.
The U.K. Civil Aviation Authority is currently proposing that a maximum BAC (Blood Alcohol Concentration) limit of just 0.02% should be imposed on United Kingdom pilots. In this survey of 477 pilots, it was found that a large proportion could not determine when their BAC was likely to fall below this level after drinking alcohol and could, therefore, potentially inadvertently infringe the proposed regulation. Another large proportion of pilots felt that they were safe to fly before their BAC had dropped below 0.02%, which may be indicative of a willingness to infringe the regulations. Estimates of when it was safe to fly also became more inaccurate as the amount drunk increased and varied with the type of alcoholic beverage consumed. It was also found that the conclusions drawn were heavily dependent upon the formula used to estimate BAC. This methodological problem identified has considerable implications for the study of alcohol consumption when flying.
Chronic ethanol ingestion has been suggested to trigger the formation of antibodies that recognize acetaldehyde-protein condensates. In this study, assays for immunoglobulin (Ig) A, IgG, and IgM antibodies to acetaldehyde-derived adducts were performed on sera of 140 alcohol consumers, 19 patients with nonalcoholic liver disease (NALD), 35 healthy nondrinking controls, and 10 nondrinking patients with IgA or IgG myeloma. Anti-acetaldehyde (Ach)-adduct antibodies of each Ig isotype were found from the alcohol abusers. In alcoholic liver disease (ALD, n = 86) IgA titers were elevated in 69% of the patients. These titers were significantly higher than those from patients with NALD (P < .001), nondrinking controls (P < .001), or heavy drinkers (n = 54) without any clinical and biochemical signs of liver disease (P < .001). In contrast, anti-adduct IgG titers were significantly elevated both in ALD and in heavy drinkers as compared with patients with NALD (P < .001) or nondrinking controls (P < .01 and P < .05, respectively). The anti-adduct immunoglobulin (Ig)A, IgG, and IgM titers in patients with alcoholic liver disease (ALD) correlated with the combined clinical and laboratory index of liver disease severity (r(s) = .497, P < .001; r(s) = .361, P < .01; and r(s) = .322, P < .01). Anti-adduct IgA titers also correlated with serum bilirubin (r = .768, P < .001) and interleukin 6 (r = .504, P < .001). Anti-adduct IgG titers were, in turn, found to correlate with the presence of inflammation (P < .01) and necrosis (P < .01). During follow-up studies of individual patients, parallel changes were observed in the anti-adduct IgG titers, disease severity, and serum markers of fibrogenesis. The present results provide evidence that antibodies representing distinct Ig classes directed against acetaldehyde (Ach)-derived adducts of proteins are formed in alcoholic patients showing an association with the severity of liver disease. The follow-up data also support an association between such immune responses and the aggravation of liver disease.
OBJECTIVE: To examine longitudinal relationships between nutrition and risk indicators for cardio vascular diseases (CVD) during adolescence and young adulthood. DESIGN: A longitudinal study over fifteen years. SUBJECTS: 98 females and 84 males, from 13 to 27 years. METHODS: By means of six interviews dietary patterns were determined. Blood samples were analyzed for serum concentration of total cholesterol (TC), and high-density-lipoprotein (HDL), blood pressure, body fat and maximal aerobic power (VO2max) were determined. The longitudinal relations were analyzed with generalized estimation equations (GEE), a statistical technique in which relations at different time-points are tested simultaneously. RESULTS: Compared to Dutch recommendations six out of seven macro nutrients appear to be unfavorable with respect to CVD. Borderline or high CVD risk values are apparent at 27 y in more than 25% of the subjects with respect to percentage body fat and serum total cholesterol in both sexes. In males 40% or more show borderline hypertension. The 'univariate' longitudinal analyses showed significantly positive relations: (1) between the intake of animal protein, saturated fat (SFA), cholesterol (Cho1) and TC, and HDL; (2) between total energy intake (EN) and systolic blood pressure, and VO2max. Significantly negative associations were found: (1) between EN, poly-unsaturated fat (PUFA) and TC concentrations; (2) between EN and sum of four skinfolds (SSF). CONCLUSIONS: With increasing age, over a period of 15 y in both sexes the SFA and Cho1 intake relate significantly to the development of a negative CVD risk profile. The intake of PUFA relates positive to a CVD risk profile. The significantly negative relation between EN intake and body fat (SSF) is partly explained by the relation between EN and VO2max. 
The fatty acid composition of serum cholesteryl esters is used as a qualitative biomarker of fatty acid intake, but quantitative data are scarce. Between 1987 and 1992, the authors fed various fatty acids in four controlled trials to 232 healthy Dutch volunteers and measured the proportion of fatty acids in participants' cholesteryl esters. Each 10% of energy fed as linoleic acid (18:2) raised the proportion of linoleic acid in cholesteryl esters by 9.3 g per 100 g of fatty acids (standard deviation (SD) 3.1). For oleic acid (cis-18:1), this figure was 6.5 g/100 g (SD 1.7); for trans fatty acids (trans-18:1), it was 1.1 (SD 0.5); for stearic acid (18:0), 1.0 (SD 0.4); for palmitic acid (16:0), 1.7 (SD 0.5); for myristic acid (14:0), 2.1 (SD 0.7); and for a mixture of saturated fatty acids (12:0, 14:0, and 16:0), it was 2.2 g/100 g (SD 1.0). The coefficient of variation of the responses was fairly constant, indicating that changes in intake for each of these fatty acids can be monitored with similar precision. These data can be used to estimate the degree of compliance in experimental studies involving exchanges of single dietary fatty acids. Most fatty acids in cholesteryl esters may also be used in observational studies to estimate differences in intake. However, because of multiple simultaneous differences in fatty acid intake between free-living individuals and between populations, such data cannot provide information on absolute intake of fatty acids.
The most widely-used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) technique is based on the blood oxygenation level dependent (BOLD) effect, which requires at least partial uncoupling between cerebral blood flow (CBF) and oxygen consumption changes during increased mental activity. To compare BOLD and CBF effects during tasking, BOLD and flow-sensitive alternating inversion recovery (FAIR) images were acquired during visual stimulation with red goggles at a frequency of 8 Hz in an interleaved fashion. With the FAIR technique, absolute and relative CBF changes were determined. Relative oxygen consumption changes can be estimated using the BOLD and relative CBF changes. In gray matter areas in the visual cortex, absolute and relative CBF changes in humans during photic stimulation were 31 +/- 11 SD ml/100 g tissue/min and 43 +/- 16 SD % (n = 12), respectively, while the relative oxygen consumption change was close to zero. These findings agree extremely well with previous results using positron emission tomography. The BOLD signal change is not linearly correlated with the relative CBF increase across subjects and negatively correlates with the oxygen consumption change. Caution should be exercised when interpreting the BOLD percent change as a quantitative index of the CBF change, especially in inter-subject comparisons.
The purpose of this study was to investigate methods for ascertaining arsenic exposure for use in biomarker studies. Urinary arsenic concentration is considered a good measure of recent arsenic exposure and is commonly used to monitor exposure in environmental and occupational settings. However, measurements reflect exposure only in the last few days. To cover longer time periods exposure can be estimated using arsenic intake data, calculated by combining measures of environmental arsenic and inhalation/ingestion rates. We compared these different exposure assessment approaches in a population chronically exposed to arsenic in drinking water in northern Chile. The study group consisted of 232 people, some drinking water low in arsenic (15 micrograms/l) and others drinking water with high arsenic concentrations (up to 670 micrograms/l). First morning urine samples and questionnaire data, including fluid intake information, were collected from all participants. Exfoliated bladder cells were collected from male participants for the bladder cell micronuclei assay. Eight different indices of exposure were generated, six based on urinary arsenic (microgram As/l urine; microgram As/g creatinine; microgram InAs/l urine; microgram MMA/l urine; microgram DMA/l urine; microgram As/h, excreted), and two on fluid intake data (microgram As/day, ingested; microgram As/l fluid ingested-day). The relationship between the different exposure indices was explored using correlation analysis. In men, exposure indices were also related to a biomarker of effect, bladder cell micronuclei. While creatinine-adjusted urinary arsenic concentrations had the strongest correlations with the two intake estimates (r = 0.76, r = 0.81), unadjusted urinary arsenic showed the strongest relationship with bladder cell micronuclei. These data suggest that, in the case of the bladder, unadjusted urinary arsenic concentrations better reflect the effective target organ dose compared to other exposure measures for biomarker studies.
Although fruits and vegetables have been evaluated in numerous epidemiologic studies, few validation studies have examined fruits and vegetables. We examined the reproducibility and comparability of fruit and vegetable intakes estimated by diet records, food frequency questionnaires, and modules (brief food frequency questionnaires) in 101 control participants of a 1-year diet intervention trial. For each method, mean intakes at baseline and 3 months were generally within 0.3 serving per day for juice, fruits, vegetables, and total fruits and vegetables. In addition, Pearson correlations for the two time periods generally exceeded 0.55 for these four groups for each method. We evaluated comparability of intakes for 15 days of diet records, 1-year food frequency questionnaires, and modules, respectively. Mean total fruit and vegetable intakes were 6.3, 6.5, and 3.8 servings per day for diet records, food frequency questionnaires, and modules. For each pair-wise combination of methods, Pearson correlations exceeded 0.45 for juice, fruits, and total fruits and vegetables; correlations were lower for vegetables. Exact agreement in quintile assignment was less than 45%, however. These results indicate that estimates of fruit and vegetable intakes and disease associations may differ depending on the method used to assess fruit and vegetable intake.
The concentrations of serum copper were determined as an indicator of corporal status of Cu and its relation to aging in 93 institutionalized elderly subjects (24 men and 69 women) in Granada (Spain). We found that aging does not affect serum Cu levels in the two age groups included in the study: Group I < 80 years and Group II > or = 80 years. Application of linear regression analysis to the serum Cu levels and the intake of energy, fibre, iron and magnesium showed a statistically significant negative correlation (P < 0.05) among them in all the subjects. However, no correlation was observed when the serum Cu levels were related to the intake of zinc or vitamin C. Therefore, at the daily intake levels of these two nutrients, they do not interfere in the absorption of copper and hence do not affect the corporal status of this element in the elderly. Blood erythrocyte and haemoglobin concentrations do not show any significant correlation with the serum Cu concentrations (P > 0.05).
OBJECTIVE: To study dietary lipid intake and plasma lipid profile of the Hong Kong Chinese population as part of a territory wide survey on cardiovascular risk factors. DESIGN: Randomised age and sex stratified survey. SUBJECTS: 1010 subjects aged 25-74 y (500 men, 510 women). MEASUREMENTS: A food frequency method with food tables compiled for Hong Kong was used for nutrient quantitation, while a separate questionnaire was used to examine dietary practices. Plasma lipid profile was estimated using standard laboratory methods. RESULTS: Total calorie, fat, saturated fatty acid (SFA), poly- and mono-unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA and MUFA), and cholesterol intake were higher in men; however when adjusted for caloric intake no difference was observed. Men had lower intake of PUFA as percentage of total energy had a higher Hegsted Score compared with women. Subjects consuming beans twice or more per week had lower total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol concentrations. Overall, the population dietary intake was close to the ideal for cardiovascular health: percentage fat not greater than 30% of the total calorie intake, saturated fat intake not greater than 10% of calories, and cholesterol less than 180 mg/1000 Kcal. CONCLUSION: The dietary pattern for Hong Kong Chinese appear to be satisfactory with respect to cardiovascular health. 
This review includes a description of short-term and long-term markers of ethanol intake and their clinical utility. The major portion of this report is a summary of studies on fatty acid ethyl ester, a new marker for monitoring both acute and chronic ethanol intake. With the markers described in the review, algorithms to assess recent ethanol intake, chronic ethanol intake, and end organ damage are included to provide a practical approach to the evaluation of the patient.
Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) has been proposed as a marker of alcohol abuse. However, its value in patients with associated liver disease is still controversial. The aim of the study was to investigate the usefulness of CDT as a marker of alcohol consumption in patients with liver disease. We measured serum levels of CDT and those of commonly used hematological and biochemical markers, mean corpuscular volume (MCV), transaminases (AST and ALT), and gamma-glutamyltransferase in 179 male subjects divided into four groups: 45 active drinkers (13 with normal liver, 21 with fibrosteatosis, and 11 with liver cirrhosis), 45 abstinent chronic alcoholics (18 with and 27 without liver disease), 58 patients with nonalcoholic liver disease, and 31 healthy controls. Serum CDT in active alcoholics was 37.5 +/- 3.6 units/liter, being significantly higher than that of abstinent alcoholics (20.3 +/- 1.5 units/liter), patients with nonalcoholic liver disease (18.1 +/- 1.1 units/liter), and controls (13.1 +/- 0.8 units/liter). Contrary to the other markers, no significant differences were observed in CDT values in relation with the presence and severity of liver disease in either the active drinkers or in the abstinent alcoholics. The sensitivity and specificity of CDT as a marker of alcoholism in the series as a whole was 64% and 82%, respectively, similar to the best conventional marker, MCV (64 and 82%). In patients with liver disease, CDT maintained good sensitivity (72%) and specificity (83%). Receiver operating characteristic analysis confirmed that CDT had a similar diagnostic value to that of MCV, but better than gamma-glutamyl-transferase and transaminases for the detection of alcohol abusers. The good diagnostic efficacy of CDT remained unchanged when analyzing only patients with liver disease. We conclude that serum CDT is a good marker of alcoholism and is less influenced than the currently used biochemical markers for associated liver disease. Thus, CDT is an effective laboratory test to detect alcohol abuse regardless of the presence of alcoholic liver disease.
A low-fat diet may predispose children to low meat consumption, low iron intake, and iron deficiency. In the randomized prospective Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project for Babies (STRIP baby study), families of 540 children were counseled to reduce exposure of children > 7 mo of age to known environmental risk factors for coronary heart disease. The control group consisted of 522 children whose families received no specific counseling concerning dietary fat. Iron and zinc intakes of 79 children aged 3-4 y (40 in the intervention group and 39 in the control group) were assessed with 4-d food records. The children in the intervention group consumed less saturated fat than those in the control group and had continuously higher ratios of dietary polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids. Mean (+/- SD) daily iron intakes in the intervention and control groups were 8.8 +/- 4.2 mg and 8.6 +/- 2.8 mg, respectively. Laboratory findings in the intervention and control groups, respectively, were as follows: hemoglobin, 123 +/- 8 and 122 +/- 7 g/L; mean cell volume, 81.8 +/- 2.9 and 81.7 +/- 3.2 fL; mean corpuscular hemoglobin, 28.1 +/- 1.3 and 27.8 +/- 1.4 pg; ferritin, 21.8 +/- 11.6 and 19.2 +/- 12.4 microg/L; transferrin, 2.90 +/- 0.30 and 2.85 +/- 0.29 g/L; and transferrin receptor, 2.34 +/- 0.46 and 2.29 +/- 0.39 mg/L. There were no significant differences between the groups. Daily zinc intakes were 7.5 +/- 1.2 mg in the intervention group and 7.4 +/- 1.3 mg in the control group; respective serum zinc concentrations were 11.2 +/- 1.9 and 10.5 +/- 1.6 micromol/L (NS). In conclusion, long-term supervised use of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol did not influence intake or serum indicators of iron and zinc in children.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between changes in resting and ambulatory blood pressures induced by dietary salt restriction in 90 young normotensive men. METHODS: Subjects were given a standardized low-salt diet containing 20 mmol sodium chloride per day for 14 days. To this diet, a daily supplement of 20 tablets of slow sodium (10 mmol NaCl per tablet) or placebo was added in a randomized single-blind cross-over fashion for 7 days. The ambulatory blood pressure was measured on the sixth day and the resting blood pressure was measured on the seventh day of each dietary period. RESULTS: Although salt intake did not affect blood pressure levels in the whole group, the response of the blood pressure was quite variable among individual subjects. Salt-induced changes in resting systolic (r = 0.30, P = 0.006) and mean (r = 0.27, P = 0.014) blood pressures, but not diastolic blood pressure, were correlated positively to changes in daytime ambulatory blood pressure. The changes in resting systolic and mean blood pressures were also correlated significantly to the nocturnal falls in systolic (r = 0.26, P = 0.015) and mean (r = 0.27, P = 0.012) blood pressure levels and heart rate (r = 0.26, P= 0.015) under the high-salt diet. Diet-induced changes in resting mean blood pressure were correlated significantly to the daytime ambulatory blood pressure (r = 0.30, P < 0.005) and the resting heart rate (r = 0.24, P < 0.02) under the high-salt diet. CONCLUSION: Salt-induced changes in resting blood pressure in young normotensive men are correlated positively to changes in ambulatory daytime blood pressure levels as well as to the daytime ambulatory blood pressure and the nocturnal fall in blood pressure under a high-salt diet. These findings suggest that dietary salt-intake restriction can lower both resting and daytime ambulatory blood pressure levels in some normotensive individuals who may be predisposed to the development of hypertension. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the changes in serum angiotensin II (Ang II) and endothelin-1 levels induced by vanadium treatment of sugar-fed rats in order to investigate the relationship between changes in blood pressure and Ang II and endothelin-1 levels. METHODS: Male spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) were fed starch (control), sucrose, and sucrose plus vanadium compounds at various concentrations. The systolic blood pressure of the rats was estimated by tail-cuff plethysmography. Serum Ang II and endothelin-1 levels were measured by radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: There were increases in systolic blood pressure (by 8%) and in serum Ang II (by 20%) in sucrose-fed SHR compared with control. In sucrose plus vanadium-fed SHR, the lowering of the systolic blood pressure (by 11-16% of the sucrose-fed value) was accompanied by a significant decrease in Ang II levels (by 25-60% of the sucrose-fed value) and an increase in endothelin-1 level (by 61-76% of the sucrose-fed value). CONCLUSION: That Ang II levels are elevated in sucrose-induced hypertension and decreased after vanadium therapy suggests that the renin-angiotensin system plays a role in the induction of hypertension in this model. On the other hand, the elevation of endothelin-1 levels associated with a decreased systolic blood pressure might be secondary to vanadium stimulation of endothelial cells. The data suggest that endothelin-1 is not involved in sugar-induced elevations of the blood pressure. 
PURPOSE: Given the recent correlation between nutrition and risk for eye disease, there is keen interest in a possible correlation between nutrient intake and eye-tissue nutrient levels. In this work, the objective was (1) to determine, for the first time, the relation between dietary intake of vitamin C and eye tissue levels of the vitamin in free-living humans, (2) to determine the relation between levels of the vitamin in plasma, lens and aqueous, and (3) to compare this information to data gathered for a carefully reared group of guinea pigs that were fed different levels of vitamin C. METHODS: Two hundred sixty-five cataract patients (mean age = 72 years) from a clinical practice were recruited for this study. One hundred thirty-two patients provided the dietary intake data via a food frequency questionnaire, which we used for this work. Plasma, aqueous humor, and lens samples were obtained at the time of lentectomy and preserved for vitamin C analysis. Comparable samples were obtained from male Hartley white guinea pigs that were fed known amounts of vitamin C. Linear and log10-linear statistical models were also used to characterize the relation between vitamin C intake and human ocular tissue levels of the vitamin and to examine potential confounding and the effect of modification by age and sex. RESULTS: In humans, plasma and aqueous vitamin C concentrations were related to intake in a log-linear fashion, with slopes of 0.03 mM plasma vitamin C/log10-mg daily vitamin C intake and 0.41 mM aqueous vitamin C/log10-mg daily vitamin C intake. The best fit of vitamin C levels in lens and diet predicts a linear relationship with a sex-adjusted slope of 0.00094 mM lens vitamin C/mg daily vitamin C intake, although a log-linear relation can also be modeled. In guinea pigs, diet was related to eye tissue and plasma levels of the vitamin by a log10 linear relationship in all cases. Vitamin C in human lens was linearly related to plasma and aqueous vitamin C with slopes of 8.8 and 0.23, respectively. Vitamin C in aqueous was related to plasma in a log10-linear fashion with a slope of 1.6 mM aqueous vitamin C/log10 mM plasma vitamin C. In guinea pigs, vitamin C in plasma was related to aqueous and lens vitamin C by log10-linear relationships, whereas lens and aqueous vitamin C were clearly linearly related. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma and aqueous appear to be saturated in humans with intakes of < 250 mg vitamin C/day. However, a saturating relationship between lens vitamin C and dietary intake in humans was not indicated in this study, although such a relationship is seen in guinea pigs. Intertissue relations between vitamin C levels in humans and guinea pigs are similar for some but not all relations. 
Exposure to environmental tobacco smoke is an important variable in many pediatric epidemiologic studies. We measured urinary cotinine, a specific metabolite of nicotine, in a population-based cohort of children every other month from birth through two years of age. Extensive data regarding exposure to smokers (people in the home, in home and away from home day care, home visitors, visits to smokers) were collected monthly by way of home interviews. We evaluated, with multiple cotinine measurements as the gold standard, other measures of exposure that are more feasible to obtain in large-scale studies. Comparing one cotinine to the average of multiple measurements, we found that 33.7% were in error in excess of 100 ng/mg, but 84% of the infants could be correctly classified into categories of low versus high. Parental smoking patterns had the highest predictive accuracy (fathers 67.0% and mothers 64.1%). Combining selected smoker categories (either parent, other home residents outside day care workers) resulted in improved accuracy of 79.3%.
The chemical composition and microstructure of seven uroliths and four urinary sediment samples associated with the feeding of high-level cottonseed meal diet to buffalo calves were examined by chemical qualitative analyses, scanning electron microscopy (SEM), X-ray diffraction, and X-ray energy dispersive spectrometry (EDS). Struvite was a major component of kidney stones and of some bladder stones. The kidney stone sample appeared cracked under low power under SEM, aggregated into tiny balls under high power, and as a blade-like structure under even higher power. The bladder stone samples appeared finely granular or granular with various forms of prismatic crystals. The urinary sediments were prismatic crystals, with granules. The newly found prismatic crystals, which were rich in potassium and similar to struvite in crystal structure, were identified as potassium magnesium phosphate (KMgPO4.6H2O) in some bladder stones and urinary sediments. However, crystals which contained Mg and P only, which had been used for struvite identification, were not found by EDS examination in urinary sediments from fresh urine samples of buffalo calves fed the high-level cottonseed meal diet.
Lead exposure and its deleterious effects continue to be a problem in many countries. The lack of effective and safe treatments for low-level intoxication has promoted environmental interventions to control different sources of lead. In this study we evaluated the effect of milk consumption in 1849 mother-and-child pairs participating in the lead surveillance program in Mexico City. The mean lead levels were 11.2 micrograms/dL for maternal blood lead (MBL) and 10.8 micrograms/dL in umbilical cord. The correlation between blood lead and umbilical cord lead was r = 0.74. Forty-eight percent of the MBL exceeded 10 micrograms/dL and 9.5% exceeded 20 micrograms/dL. Maternal blood lead was positively related to the use of lead-glazed ceramic were and to traffic exposure and was inversely related to the consumption of milk and orange juice. Women who reported the consumption of more than 7 glasses of milk per week had a blood lead level of 8.7 micrograms/dL; in comparison, those women who reported a consumption of less than 7 glasses per week had a blood lead level of 11.1 micrograms/dL. Similar findings were observed for lead measured in umbilical cord. The association between lead levels and milk intake remained unchanged after taking in consideration other predictors of blood lead. This study suggests that a simple intervention could reduce lead burden among women and their newborns.
No previous studies have been reported on human alcoholism in which the pattern of cytokine secretion by natural killer (NK) cells is explored. The goal of the present study was to evaluate the role of NK cells in the production of cytokines in patients with chronic alcoholism, analyzing at the same time the possible relationship between cytokine production and both alcoholic liver disease and ethanol (EtOH) intake. A total of 30 chronic alcoholic patients-11 without liver disease [alcoholics without liver disease (AWLD) group] and 19 diagnosed of alcoholic liver cirrhosis-were included in this study. Twenty-five age- and sex-matched healthy volunteers were analyzed as controls. Production of interferon (IFN)-gamma, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and interleukin (IL)-6 was performed on NK-enriched peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) after stimulation with IL-2 and IFN-alpha. In AWLD patients, the production of TNF-alpha was significantly reduced, compared with normal controls, under both IFN-alpha (p < 0.01) and IL-2 (p < 0.05) stimulation. In patients with cirrhosis, TNF-alpha production by PBMC enriched in NK cells varied depending on the EtOH intake status at the moment of evaluation. Accordingly, an increased concentration of this cytokine was detected in the supernatants of cirrhotic patients and active EtOH intake, particularly after IFN-alpha stimulation (p < 0.05); whereas, in patients with at least 1 year of alcohol withdrawal, TNF-alpha levels remained within normal range. The results on the production of IL-6 and IFN-gamma in AWLD and cirrhotic patients showed that only cirrhotic patients with a prolonged EtOH withdrawal period display abnormal production. Accordingly, in this group of patients, a significantly increased release of IL-6 was observed after both IFN-alpha and IL-2 stimulation (p < 0.01 and p < 0.05, respectively). By contrast, a lower IFN-gamma production (p < 0.005) was detected with respect to the control group. Our results point to the existence of an abnormal cytokine secretion by NK cells from chronic alcoholism patients, which depend on both the existence of liver disease and the status of EtOH intake.
In our studies on elemental levels in blood of the Kalpakkam population, it was found that the reference values for many elements were normal, but some deficiency with respect to Se was noticed. As a followup study, the dietary ingredients of the local population were analyzed for trace and minor elements to assess the dietary intake of these elements. Details of the analytical methods developed using the technique of inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) and atomic absorption spectrometry (AAS) have been described. The dietary intake of many of these trace and minor elements were found to be quite adequate according to the recommended dietary allowance (RDA) levels prescribed, except for Se and Zn. The dietary intake of Se was found to be in the range 20-50 micrograms/d (as opposed to the RDA of 50-200 micrograms/d), whereas the intake of Zn was found to be in the range 8-10 mg/d (as opposed to the RDA of 15 mg/d). Although the deficiency of Se intake was reflected in the blood, that of Zn was not, probably owing to the high level of homeostasis for this element. Fish and egg were found to be rich sources of Se, followed by cereals and pulses, which were found to be the major sources of Zn.
To quantify the degree of fear of self-injecting insulin and self-testing of blood glucose in adult insulin-treated diabetic patients, the Diabetes Fear of Injecting and Self-testing Questionnaire (D-FISQ) was developed. The D-FISQ is a 30-item self-report questionnaire consisting of two subscales that measure Fear of Self-Injecting (FSI) and Fear of Self-Testing (FST). To test validity and internal consistency, the D-FISQ was administered to a sample of 266 insulin-treated patients (Type 1 and Type 2); four diagnosed injection phobic insulin-requiring diabetic patients also completed the D-FISQ. The minimal score was obtained on the subscales by 62% (FSI) and 57% (FST) of the population. The D-FISQ demonstrated high internal consistency, with Cronbach's as of 0.94 (D-FISQ), 0.94 (FSI), and 0.90 (FST). Spearman rho between fear of self-injecting and fear of self-testing was 0.59 (p < 0.001), justifying two separate subscales. Construct validity was confirmed by a correlation of 0.44 with Spielbergers Trait Anxiety Inventory (Spearman rho, p < 0.001). FSI-scores from the injection phobic patients were all > or =95th percentile, while three scored > or =95% on FST, indicating discriminative validity. Results confirm homogeneity and validity of the D-FISQ and suggest usefulness of this instrument in both clinical practice and research.
Increased dietary fibre intake is a component of prudent dietary advice, although the mechanism of its beneficial effect is unclear. Furthermore, plasma lipoprotein response to dietary fibre seems to vary both between individuals and according to the type of fibre consumed. Two common genetic variants, A54 and T54, of the intestinal fatty acid-binding protein gene (FABP2) have different in vitro binding affinities for long-chain fatty acids. We have hypothesized that variation in FABP2 would be associated with interindividual variation in the response of plasma lipoproteins to either dietary soluble or insoluble fibre. We studied 43 subjects who participated in a year-long cross-over study of the effect of insoluble and soluble fibre on plasma lipoproteins. We tested for associations between FABP2 genotypes and the response of plasma lipoproteins to dietary fibre. When compared with subjects homozygous for FABP2 A54, we found that subjects with FABP2 T54 had significantly greater decreases in plasma total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and apoB during the period when the diet was high in soluble fibre than during the period when the diet was high in insoluble fibre. Furthermore, compared with subjects with the FABP2 A54 allele, subjects with the FABP2 T54 allele had significantly lower secretion of total fecal bile acids, but this did not increase with dietary soluble fibre. Genetic variation in FABP2 may thus contribute to interindividual variation in the response of plasma lipoproteins to different dietary fibres, but the mechanism does not appear to be related to increases in fecal bile acid secretion.
Changes in vitamin B-6 status indicators were evaluated in vitamin B-6-replete subjects. Ten young women consumed diets providing 85 g protein/d and 1.03, 1.33, 1.73, and 2.39 mg vitamin B-6/d for 12 or 15 d during four successive diet periods; in a second study, six women were fed diets providing 85 g protein/d and 0.84, 1.14, and 2.34 mg vitamin B-6/d for 10 or 12 d during three successive diet periods. Vitamin B-6 status indicators showing significant differences among intakes included urinary excretion of 4-pyridoxic acid and total vitamin B-6, pyridoxal 5'-phosphate and total vitamin B-6 in plasma, and xanthurenic acid excretion after a 2-g L-tryptophan load. Significant correlations were found between vitamin B-6 intake and 4-pyridoxic acid, total vitamin B-6, plasma pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, plasma total vitamin B-6, erythrocyte alanine aminotransferase percentage stimulation and postload excretion of xanthurenic acid and volatile amines (kynurenine plus acetylkynurenine). Depending on the indicator, between 20% and 70% of the subjects had inadequate values for 4-pyridoxic acid, total vitamin B-6, plasma pyridoxal 5'-phosphate, and erythrocyte alanine aminotransferase percentage stimulation at a vitamin B-6 intake of 1.33 mg/d (0.016 mg vitamin B-6/g protein). A ratio of dietary vitamin B-6 to protein > 0.016 mg/g is required for adequate vitamin B-6 status in women.
Blood oxygenation level dependent (BOLD) MRI is sensitive to changes in regional oxygen supply versus demand and is therefore potentially useful in evaluating susceptibility to ischemic injury. Recently, we have demonstrated the use of BOLD MRI to evaluate intrarenal oxygenation using single shot echo-planar imaging (EPI). Here, we present an alternate implementation of BOLD MRI sequence, using multiple gradient echoes, that does not require any specialized hardware.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects on lipid levels, glycemic control, and diurnal blood pressure of two diets rich in one of the two quantitatively most important saturated fatty acids, stearic and palmitic acid, with a carbohydrate-rich diet in NIDDM patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 15 NIDDM patients participated in a randomized crossover study with three 3-week diet interventions separated by 2-week washout periods. Patients started with a diet rich in stearic acid (44 E% [percent of total energy] fat [13 E% stearic acid], 40 E% carbohydrate, 15 E% protein), palmitic acid (45 E% fat [16 E% palmitic acid], 40 E% carbohydrate, 15 E% protein), or carbohydrate (29 E% fat, 51 E% carbohydrate, and 18 E% protein), then were shifted to the other two diets in a randomized block design. At the start and end of each intervention period, fasting blood samples were drawn for analysis of lipids and blood glucose. In addition, diurnal blood pressure was measured. RESULTS: At the end of the 3-week interventions, total cholesterol was significantly higher after the palmitic acid-rich diet than after the stearic acid-rich or carbohydrate-rich diets (5.3 +/- 1.3 vs. 5.0 +/- 1.2 and 4.9 +/- 1.2 mmol/l, respectively; P = 0.03). No significant differences in triglyceride, LDL, or HDL cholesterol levels were seen after the three intervention diets. No difference in effects between the diet periods were seen for fructosamine, HbA1c, fasting blood glucose, or diurnal blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: For the first time, it has been demonstrated that a diet rich in palmitic acid was not as effective in lowering cholesterol levels as carbohydrate-rich and stearic acid-rich diets in NIDDM patients. No deleterious effects were seen on diurnal blood pressure, triglyceride levels, and glycemic control. Development of foods containing stearic acid rather than the more atherogenic saturated fatty acids may allow a wider choice of acceptable foods to NIDDM patients. 
The correlation between haemodynamic and oxymetric parameters, and circulating cytokines has been little studied for the early phase of extensive burns. The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate survival, looking at variations in cardiac index (CI), oxygen delivery (DO2I) and consumption (VO2I) indexed to the body surface area (BSA), and circulating interleukin-6 (IL6) levels in the acute stage of major burns. Over a 12-month period, all patients admitted within 6 h of extensive thermal injury with total burn surface area (TBSA) of over 60 per cent, necessitating standardized resuscitation and mechanical ventilation, were included. Routine intensive care monitoring, including pulmonary and femoral artery catheters, was set up. During the first 3 days post-injury haemodynamic and oxymetric profiles were recorded every 6 h. Circulating IL6 samples were taken within 6 h of admission, then daily (at 24, 48 and 72 h). A comparison of the results in survivors (S) and non-survivors (NS) at those previously determined times was made. Ten consecutive patients were studied. Six patients survived (Age = 33 +/- 10 years; TBSA = 76 +/- 11 per cent) and four died (Age = 40 +/- 14 years; TBSA = 77 +/- 13 per cent). Similar initial hypovolemic profiles were found in both groups. From 24 h, a hyperdynamic status was observed which increased until 72 h. This hyperkinetic evolution was more marked in the survivors (CI: 4.6 +/- 2.0 for NS and 6.9 +/- 1.51 min-1 m-2 for S; SVRI: 2125 +/- 1288 for NS and 918 +/- 232 dyne s cm-5 m2 for S at 72 h). DO2I and VO2I were always higher in the survivors. DO2I and VO2I increased from admission to 72 h in the survivors whereas a significant drop in DO2I and VO2I occurred in the non-survivors at 48 h (DO2I:536 +/- 222 for NS and 1228 +/- 268 ml min-1 m-2 for S; VO2I:120 +/- 50 for NS and 251 +/- 56 ml min-1 m-2 for S (P < 0.01)). Plasma IL6 revealed abnormal values with consistent peaks at 24-48 h in the survivors (respectively 17,411 +/- 24,542 and 10,746 +/- 11,802 pg ml-1) and only moderate peaks in the non-survivors (865 +/- 652 and 912 +/- 485 pg ml-1). Finally, CI, DO2I, VO2I and circulating IL6 were always higher, and SVRI lower, in the survivors than in the non-survivors. The ability to increase DO2 and to optimize VO2 during the 'turning point' of 48 h seems to improve the prognosis of critically burned patients: the role of IL6 in this systemic inflammatory response is discussed.
A synthetic diet, developed for tsetse flies and fed to Tabanus nigrovittatus Macquart before the 2nd gonotrophic cycle, supported complete egg maturation. T. nigrovittatus is autogenous only during the 1st cycle. Overall, 52% of females fed bovine blood and 46% fed the synthetic diet produced mature, stage 10 follicles. Of these, 76% of the blood-fed females and 65% of those fed the synthetic diet laid egg masses, all of which hatched. The median adult survivorship was 9 d for blood-fed and 8 d for those fed the synthetic diet.
We compared fatty acid amounts in adipose tissue with fatty acid intake calculated from 2 separate weeks of diet recording and two food-frequency questionnaires for 140 participants in the Nurses' Health Study. Our results showed that the amounts of polyunsaturated and trans fatty acids in adipose tissue reflect dietary intake and confirm those of previous studies. The correlation between the polyunsaturated fatty acid content of adipose tissue and polyunsaturated fatty acid intake from the average of the two food-frequency questionnaires was 0.40; this correlation for trans fatty acids was also 0.40. Linolenic acid amounts in adipose tissue were also moderately correlated with intake from the average of the food-frequency questionnaires (r = 0.34). An estimate of trans fatty acid intake from vegetable sources correlated much more strongly with adipose trans fatty acids than did an estimate of trans fatty acids from animal sources. Adipose tissue aspirates can be used to indicate intake of exogenous fatty acids.
The relationship between soy product intake and serum total cholesterol concentration was examined in 1242 men and 3596 women who participated in an annual health check-up program in Takayama City, Japan, provided by the municipality in 1992. The intake of soy products and various foods and nutrients was assessed by a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Blood samples were collected from fasting subjects to measure the serum total cholesterol concentration. A significant trend (P for trend = 0. 0001) was observed for decreasing total cholesterol concentration with an increasing intake of soy products in men after controlling for age, smoking status and intake of total energy, total protein and total fat. This negative trend (P for trend = 0.0001) was also noted in women after controlling for age, menopausal status, body mass index and intake of total energy and vitamin C. An additional adjustment for physical activity, coffee and tea consumption, and intake of cholesterol, carbohydrates, fiber and vitamin E did not change the results. These data suggest a role for soy products in human cholesterol homeostasis.
We examined the cross-sectional relationship of soy product intake to serum concentrations of estradiol (E2) and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) in 50 healthy premenopausal Japanese women. Intakes of soy products and various nutrients were estimated through a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Blood samples were drawn from each subject on Days 11 and 22 of her menstrual cycle. The intake of soy products was inversely correlated with E2 on Days 11 and 22 of the cycle after controlling for age, body mass index, cycle length, and intakes of total energy, fat, and crude fiber (r = -0.23, p = 0.08 and r = -0.32, p = 0.04, respectively). No significant correlation was observed between soy product intake and SHBG. There was a tendency for the intake of individual soy foods such as tofu and miso to be inversely correlated with E2 on Days 11 and 22 of the menstrual cycle. Miso intake was inversely significantly correlated with SHBG on Day 22 of the cycle (r = -0.36, p = 0.02). If the observed association is causal, our results suggest that the consumption of soy products lowers the risk of developing breast cancer risk modifying estrogen metabolism.
Isothiocyanates (ITCs) are a family of biologically active compounds that are distributed widely in cruciferous vegetables. Although studies in rodents have shown that these compounds are effective and versatile inhibitors of tumorigenesis, the role of dietary ITCs in the protection against human cancers remains to be established. A prerequisite of human studies is to develop an uptake biomarker for dietary ITCs. In this study, we describe a rapid high-performance liquid chromatography-based assay to measure the total ITC level in human urine. This assay is based on a previously described reaction of ITCs or their thiol conjugates with 1,2-benzenedithiol to yield a cyclocondensation product, 1,3-benzodithiole-2-thione, which then can be quantified by reverse phase high-performance liquid chromatography with UV detection. This new assay was validated by analyzing urine samples from 14 subjects who had consumed a known amount of watercress or brown mustard in a controlled experiment. The N-acetylcysteine conjugates of phenethyl ITC and allyl ITC from watercress and brown mustard, respectively, were quantified and compared with the results obtained from the current assay. Results of the two methods were highly correlated (r = 0.978), indicating the specificity of this new assay for dietary ITCs. The feasibility of this assay for population-based studies was examined using stored urine samples collected from nine participants of a prospective cohort study in Shanghai, China, who indicated that they were daily consumers of dark green vegetables. There was a 10-fold variation in urinary ITC contents among these samples, ranging from 0.7 to 7.0 micromol/g creatinine. These results show the potential use of this uptake biomarker in epidemiological studies to identify the role of dietary ITCs in modifying cancer risks in humans.
Soy products contain high amounts of isoflavonoids, which have been shown to exhibit possible cancer-protective properties. Chinese populations in Asia, in particular, have a high level of soy intake and a relatively low risk of hormone-dependent cancers. In this study, we assessed the distributions of dietary soy isoflavonoids (daidzein, genistein, and glycitein) and urinary soy isoflavonoids and their metabolites (daidzein, genistein, glycitein, equol, and O-desmethylangolensin) among 147 Singapore Chinese (76 men and 71 women) ages 45-74 years, who are participants of the Singapore Cohort Study on diet and cancer. Urinary values were measured from spot samples collected 10-20 months following recruitment, when usual dietary habits were assessed by a structured food frequency/portion size questionnaire administered in person. Dietary levels of daidzein and genistein were comparable within individuals and about seven times higher than the level of dietary glycitein. All three dietary isoflavonoids showed an approximately 3.5-fold difference between the 25th and 75th percentile values. Similarly, daidzein was the most abundant and glycitein the least abundant of the five isoflavonoid compounds in urine. There was a 4.9-fold difference between the 25th and 75th percentile values for the sum of the five urinary isoflavonoids. Among study subjects, there were statistically significant, dose-dependent associations between frequency of overall soy intake and levels of urinary daidzein (two-sided P = 0.03) and sum of urinary daidzein, genistein, and glycitein (two-sided P = 0.04). In contrast, there were no associations between frequency of overall soy intake and levels of the two daidzein metabolites (equol and O-desmethylangolensin) in urine (two-sided P = 0.85 and 0.34, respectively). We suggest that within the range of exposures experienced by Singapore Chinese, urinary level of daidzein or the sum of daidzein, genistein, and glycitein obtained from a spot sample can serve as a biomarker of current soy consumption in epidemiological studies of diet-disease associations.
PURPOSE: Previous studies of maternal caffeine use and pregnancy outcome have relied on self-reported use. Even if these were perfectly accurate, inter-individual differences in caffeine metabolism result in a relatively weak correlation between caffeine intake and serum concentration. The purpose of this study was to determine whether the serum concentration of caffeine or its primary metabolite, paraxanthine, obtained at an unknown time during working hours, is useful to distinguish between pregnant women who report consuming small and large amounts of caffeine. METHODS: We selected from the Birmingham fetal growth study 60 women with normal pregnancy outcomes who reported consuming < or = 0.8 mg/kg/day of caffeine in a 24-hour dietary recall, 60 who consumed 0.81-2.5 mg/kg/day, 60 who consumed 2.51-5.0 mg/kg/day and 59 who consumed > or = 5.01 mg/kg/day. These women had serum drawn for storage during regular clinic hours on the same day as the recall interview. Caffeine and paraxanthine were measured in the stored serum using high performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: The weighted kappa coefficient between strata of caffeine intake and quartiles of serum paraxanthine was 0.58 among smokers and 0.53 among nonsmokers, versus 0.44 and 0.51, respectively, for quartiles of serum caffeine. The Pearson correlation coefficient between intake and paraxanthine was 0.50 for smokers and 0.53 for nonsmokers, and 0.37 and 0.51, respectively, for serum caffeine. These values are comparable to the correlation between reported smoking and serum cotinine in pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The serum concentrations of paraxanthine, and to a lesser degree, caffeine are useful to distinguish between women with varying levels of caffeine intake. 
Caffeine intake has been proposed to influence breast cancer risk. Its effect may be mediated by hormonal changes. The relationships between caffeine-containing beverages (coffee, green tea, black tea, oolong tea, and cola) and serum concentrations of estradiol and sex hormone-binding globulin were evaluated in 50 premenopausal Japanese women. Intakes of caffeine and caffeine-containing beverages were assessed by a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Blood samples were obtained from each woman on Days 11 and 22 of her menstrual cycle. High intakes of caffeinated coffee, green tea, and total caffeine were commonly correlated with increasing sex hormone-binding globulin on Days 11 and 22 of the cycle after controlling for potential confounders [Spearman correlation coefficients (r) ranged from 0.23 to 0.31]. Green tea but not caffeinated coffee intake was inversely correlated with estradiol on Day 11 of the cycle (r = -0.32, p = 0.04). Although the effect of caffeine cannot be distinguished from effects of coffee and green tea, consumption of caffeine-containing beverages appeared to favorably alter hormone levels associated with the risk of developing breast cancer.
Phenylketonurics display lower arachidonic acid levels in plasma lipids, reflecting the lower intake due to the dietary treatment poor in phenylalanine-rich animal foods. Plasma arachidonic acid levels and serum thromboxane B2 concentrations have been measured in 13 treated phenylketonuric children and compared with those of 12 healthy controls. A direct relationship between plasma arachidonic acid and thromboxane B2 concentrations has been observed only in phenylketonurics, whose plasma arachidonic acid status correlated negatively with their dietary compliance. These results suggest that the low consumption of animal fats may contribute to modulate the production of arachidonic acid-derived platelet eicosanoids.
Diet-plasma carotenoid associations were examined in samples of women and men from each cohort in the Nurses' Health Study and the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study. In each sample, participants completed two self-administered food frequency questionnaires with at least a 1-year interval and provided a blood specimen preceding the second food frequency questionnaire. Carotenoid intakes were estimated from values for the five major carotenoids found in human plasma, specifically, alpha- and beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein, and lycopene, using the United States Department of Agriculture-National Cancer Institute Carotenoid Database, as well as updated values for tomato products. Pearson correlation coefficients were calculated to compare diet-plasma correlations over time by sex after adjustment for recognized covariates. Among nonsmoking women (n = 162), the adjusted diet-plasma carotenoid associations were 0.48 for alpha-carotene, 0.27 for beta-carotene and lutein, 0.32 for beta-cryptoxanthin, and 0.21 for lycopene. Among nonsmoking men (n = 110), diet-plasma correlations were 0.47 for alpha-carotene and lycopene, 0.35 for beta-carotene, 0.43 for beta-cryptoxanthin, and 0.40 for lutein. Correlations between total fruit or vegetable intake and each plasma carotenoid level were not as high as any of the calculated carotenoid intake using the new database values. The correlations observed in this study indicate that the new carotenoid database provides valuable information on specific carotenoid intake and may be useful in epidemiological studies that attempt to account for associations between fruit or vegetable intake and disease.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship of objective smoking status to age, sex, longterm metabolic control, and urinary albumin excretion. Patients with type 1 diabetes who smoke are at increased risk to develop diabetic microvascular and macrovascular complications. While this has repeatedly been demonstrated in adults, smoking habits have rarely been investigated in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Urinary continine excretion has been determined by radioimmunoassay in 238 adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes. This biochemical parameter of nicotine use was related to age, to the number of cigarettes allegedly consumed per day, and to urinary albumin excretion. RESULTS: A total of 46 patients (19.3%) with urinary cotinine values > 500 ng/ml were classified as smokers. In 26 patients (10.9%), cotinine values between 100 and 500 ng/ml were found (infrequent smokers or environmental nicotine exposure), while the remaining 166 patients excreted < 100 ng/ml of cotinine in the urine (nonsmokers). Smokers were significantly older (20.2 +/- 0.6 years [mean +/- SE]) compared with the intermediate group (18.3 +/- 0.7 years) or with nonsmokers (15.9 +/- 0.4 years; P < 0.0001, Wilcoxon's signed-rank test). Of 46 smokers, 12 denied smoking cigarettes entirely, and among biochemically defined smokers, no correlation was present between urinary continine excretion and the reported number of cigarettes consumed per day. Urinary albumin excretion was significantly higher in smokers compared with nonsmokers (P < 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that cigarette smoking is common among German adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes in this study. Many patients deny nicotine use or refuse to disclose their smoking habits. Increased urinary albumin excretion is consistent with an increased risk of nephropathy in subjects with diabetes who smoke. Pediatricians in charge of adolescents with type 1 diabetes should actively discuss the risk of nicotine consumption with their patients. 
Natural and synthetic isothiocyanates (ITCs) are versatile chemopreventive agents in many animal systems. We have shown that phenethyl ITC (PEITC) and 6-phenylhexyl ITC (PHITC) are potent inhibitors against lung tumorigenesis induced by tobacco nitrosamine 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK) in both mouse and rat. The mechanism by which these ITCs inhibited lung tumorigenesis is attributed to their ability to decrease cytochrome P450 (P450) enzyme activities involved in the activation of NNK. Recently, we have found that thiol conjugates of ITCs inhibit P450 enzymes and are effective inhibitors of lung tumorigenesis. This is significant because conjugation with cellular thiols is the major route of ITC metabolism via the mercapturic acid pathway in rodents and humans. The thiol conjugates are less pungent and potentially less toxic, and they are more soluble and chemically less reactive than ITCs. These properties raise the prospect of substituting thiol conjugates for ITCs as chemopreventive agents. Furthermore, although ample rodent studies have established that ITCs inhibit tumorigenesis, the protective role of dietary ITCs against human cancers has not yet been established. As a prerequisite for such human studies, we have developed an HPLC-based assay, based on the condensation reaction of ITCs or conjugates with 1,2-benzenedithiol, for measuring a cyclocondensation product in human urine as an uptake biomarker of total ITCs. This assay was validated using urine samples from subjects who had ingested a known amount of watercress or mustard in a controlled diet. The assay is convenient and rapid, showing promise for analyzing urine samples obtained from population-based studies. Results from two such studies are presented to illustrate the potential application of this biomarker in epidemiologic studies.
Methylmercury in serum (S-MeHg) was assessed from serum concentrations of total (S-TotHg) and inorganic mercury (S-InoHg), determined by cold vapor-atomic absorption spectrometry. The samples were collected from 135 women on two occasions, in 1968-1969 and 1980-1981. In a subgroup of 29 women, an association was found between S-MeHg and the amount of fish consumed in 1968-1969 (r = 0.38, P = 0.04). The association was stronger (r = 0.50; P = 0.006) when the individuals' mean S-MeHg from 1968-1969 and 1980-1981 were plotted vs fish consumption 1968-1969. In the group, as a whole, there was an association between S-InoHg and number of dental amalgam surfaces, in both 1968-1969 (r = 0.48, P = 0.0001) and 1980-1981 (r = 0.57, P < 0.0001). The S-InoHg increased by approximately 0.1 nmol/L per amalgam tooth surface, corresponding to an uptake of approximately 0.2 microgram/day per amalgam surface, but with considerable interindividual differences. The levels were lower in 1980-1981 than in 1968-1969 for both MeHg and InoHg. The medians and ranges (nmol/L) were for MeHg 1968-1969: 3.6 (0.3-11.9); MeHg 1980-1981, 2.0 (-0.4-8.7); InoHg 1968-1969, 3.3 (0.7-11.8); InoHg 1980-1981, 1.7 (0.1-11.8); TotHg 1968-1969, 7.2 (1.9-18.8); and TotHg 1980-1981, 3.9 (1.0-14.2). The decrease in S-MeHg is probably due to a decreased consumption of MeHg via contaminated fish. The decrease in S-InoHg may reflect a decrease in environmental exposure, but the possibility of contamination of the 1968-1969 samples at sampling and/or storage cannot be excluded.
OBJECTIVE: We examined the relationship between intakes of specific foods--namely, meats, vegetables, and fruits--with levels of oxidative DNA damage in women consuming their own usual diet or a diet low in fat. DESIGN: Blood was obtained from women who had been assigned randomly to a low-fat or nonintervention diet for 3 to 24 months. Levels of 5-hydroxymethyluracil, a type of oxidative DNA damage, were determined. Diet data were obtained from 3-day food records. SUBJECTS/SETTING: The 21 women were participating in an outpatient clinic. All the women were healthy but had a first-degree relative with breast cancer. INTERVENTION: The intervention was a self-selected diet with a goal of 15% of energy from fat. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Existing data on oxidative DNA damage levels were evaluated for possible relationships to foods eaten. Intakes of raw and cooked vegetables were examined separately. Meat intake was examined by type of meat (pork, beef, fish, chicken) and by cooking temperature. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Initial univariate analyses relied on Spearman rank correlations of each food item with DNA damage. Further analyses of the data were performed with univariate and multivariate weighted least squares regression models. RESULTS: The model that best explained DNA damage levels was a bivariate regression model that included the intake of cooked vegetables and the sum of beef and pork intake. This model accounted for 85% of the variation in DNA damage levels among women. Preliminary results are suggestive of a positive association of DNA damage with beef and pork intake and a negative association with cooked vegetable intake. APPLICATION: These observations, if confirmed in larger studies, suggest specific dietary changes to reduce oxidative DNA damage levels and possibly cancer risk. 
Increased consumption of lake fish was associated with higher blood mercury concentrations among 289 residents of Southwest Quebec living on the southern bank of the Upper St. Lawrence River System. This increase in blood mercury was reflected in the organic fraction and to a lesser extent with total blood mercury. Repeat analyses on a small subpopulation showed a correlation coefficient between time 1 and time 2 of approximately 0.7 for total mercury and for organic mercury. With one exception, blood total mercury concentrations were less than 5 ppb. Blood mercury concentrations were higher among men than women. One individual had much higher total mercury concentrations in blood (i.e., 70 ppb) which were attributed to fish consumption based on medical and dietary history. The values for these subjects are compared with other North American data on blood mercury levels.
Our laboratory has developed a macronutrient self-selection paradigm (MSSP) designed to vary fat content significantly and systematically with sugar, complex carbohydrates, and protein content in a battery of foods in which fat is commonly consumed in the American diet. We have also developed a food preference questionnaire (FPQ) according to an identical design but using a list of foods mutually exclusive of those presented for selection and intake in the MSSP. Men were tested twice on both instruments, with a 4-week interval between tests. It was determined that the MSSP has strong test-retest reliability for overall fat (r = 0.91) and other macronutrient intake and total caloric intake. In addition, hunger and fullness ratings were reproducible, and fat preferences (r = 0.99) and hedonic responses to foods listed on the FPQ were highly consistent across trials. This study also demonstrated that the MSSP is a valid instrument with respect to the men's reports of habitual intake of fat (r = 0.80) and total carbohydrates on the Block food questionnaire (FQ). In addition, men's fat preferences on the FPQ were validated with respect to overall fat (r = 0.86) and total caloric intake in the MSSP and fat intake (r = 0.83) reported on the Block FQ. The MSSP also has the capability to detect a wide range of fat intake (3.06-50.35% among the present subjects), indicating that this instrument can identify individuals who differ markedly in fat intake or could detect changes in fat preference within subjects. In addition, this paradigm detected a large range of sugar and total caloric intake. It is anticipated that the use of these laboratory tools can enhance our understanding of the relationship between dietary fat intake and obesity.
We developed a self-administered diet history questionnaire (DHQ) for use in prevention and control of cardiovascular diseases and cancer, and validated it by comparison with single 24-h urinary excretion of sodium (Na) and potassium (K). The subjects were 154 male and 69 female freshmen university students. Mean intakes (mmol/day) assessed by DHQ and the urinary excretion of Na were 196 and 165 respectively for men and 179 and 136 respectively for women. Those of K were 61.5 and 43.9 respectively for men and 56.8 and 41.6 respectively for women. The ratios of urinary excretion to dietary intake of Na were 0.97 in men and 0.84 in women. Those of K were 0.78 in men and 0.80 in women. The results for both Na and K were reasonable, except for Na in men. When Pearson correlation was examined between dietary and urinary Na and K, no significant correlations for Na in men (r=0.14) or women (r=0.23, p=0.06), or significant correlations for K in men (r=0.34, p<0.001) or women (r=0.40, p<0.001) were observed. The results suggest a reasonable ability to estimate a subject mean for Na in women, K in both sexes, and individual level for K for both sexes. The validity for individual level for Na intake is not conclusive because the duration of urine collection was too short.
We investigated the response of bone-specific resorption markers in fasting urine samples from postmenopausal women with low daily dietary calcium (Ca) intake (<800 mg/day) who received either Ca supplementation (1200 mg/day, n = 18) or placebo (n = 14) for 2 months. We measured urinary hydroxyproline, total pyridinoline, and deoxypyridinoline by HPLC, and free deoxypyridinoline (i-F-Dpd) and N- and C-telopeptide fragments of type I collagen (NTX and CTX) by immunoassays. Before supplementation, the urine concentrations of bone resorption markers in the 32 subjects were not statistically different from those measured in 21 subjects with daily dietary Ca intake >800 mg/day. In contrast to the placebo group, Ca supplementation decreased all collagen-related degradation markers except i-F-Dpd as early as the first month. The magnitude of response after 2 months of Ca supplementation, expressed as mean percentage of decrease from baseline values or as individual Z scores, was greatest for the telopeptide assays. Furthermore, the percentage of change assessed at 2 months was greater than the within-person biological variability (CV) assessed in the placebo-treated women for NTX and CTX, whereas for the other markers the percentage of change was very close of the within-person CVs. We conclude that cross-linked telopeptide fragments of type I collagen most sensitively reflect the change in bone resorption after Ca supplementation.
We examined whether elevated levels of retinoids, carotenoids, folate, and vitamin E protected against cervical dysplasia among non-Hispanic, black women. We enrolled 32 women with incident cervical dysplasia, including cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) I, CIN II, and CIN III/carcinoma in situ, and 113 control women with normal cervical cytology in case-control study. Micronutrient levels were estimated from a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and measured from blood samples. Information on risk factors for cervical neoplasia was elicited by interview. Hybrid capture was used to determine infection with human papillomavirus. After adjustment for potential confounders, analysis of micronutrient levels estimated from the FFQ suggested that women in the upper tertile of lycopene and vitamin A intake were one-third (odds ratio = 0.32, 95% confidence interval = 0.8-1.3) and one-fourth (odds ratio = 0.24, 95% confidence interval = 0.05-1.2) as likely, respectively, to have dysplasia as women in the lower tertile. Borderline protective trends (p < or = 0.10) were apparent. Elevated levels of serum lycopene also suggested some protection against dysplasia. Results were not significant at alpha = 0.05 because of the small number of case women enrolled. Overall, correlations between estimates from the FFQ and serum levels were poor. This study indicates that, among black women, lycopene and perhaps vitamin A may play a protective role in the early stages of cervical carcinogenesis.
OBJECTIVES: To compare the effects of free access to reduced fat products or their full fat equivalents on fat and energy intake, body weight, plasma lipids and fat-soluble antioxidants concentrations and haemostasis variables. DESIGN: A multicentre open randomised controlled trial in which intervention and control groups were followed in parallel for six months. Volunteers had free access to 44 different foods either in reduced fat or full fat version, covering between 30 and 40% of energy intake. The remainder of energy intake was covered by foods bought in regular shops. SETTING: Zeist, Wageningen and Maastricht, The Netherlands. SUBJECTS: Two hundred and forty-one non-obese healthy volunteers who had no intention to lose weight. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Food intake, body weight, plasma lipid, vitamin E, beta-carotene, lycopene and fibrinogen concentrations, plasma factor VII clotting activity, and plasminogen-activator-inhibitor-I antigen level. RESULTS: One hundred and three volunteers in the full fat group and 117 volunteers in the reduced fat group completed the study. Energy and fat intake from the free access products was lower in the reduced fat group, but no difference in energy and fat intake of other products occurred. Body weight, energy-, fat- and vitamin E intake and percentage of energy derived from fat decreased in the reduced fat group. No other statistical significant intervention effects were observed. Blood lipid concentrations, factor VII activity and plasminogen-inhibitor-activator-1 level were reduced after consumption of reduced fat products. CONCLUSIONS: When subjects without intention to lose weight limit fat intake by switching from ad libitum consumption of full fat products to reduced fat products body weight gain is prevented, and fat and energy intake are reduced. Such a switch may have beneficial effects on biochemical cardiovascular risk factors. We concluded that reduced fat products will help in a population strategy aimed at preventing overweight and obesity, they will also be effective in maintaining a lower body weight after slimming. Ad libitum consumption of reduced fat products will be ineffective for those individuals that want to reduce body weight because they are currently overweight or obese. 
We evaluated whether the adipose tissue content of 2 fatty acids of exogenous origin specific for ruminant fat, 15:0 and 17:0, reflect average long-term dairy fat consumption in free-living subjects. In 81 healthy women aged 30-77 y, we compared the relative content of these 2 fatty acids in subcutaneous adipose tissue with relative intake (% of total fat) based on four 1-wk weighed diet records made 3-4 mo apart and on a food-frequency questionnaire reflecting average past year consumption. The mean (+/-SD) daily milk fat intake was 20.0 +/- 9.1 g and fat from ruminant meat was 3.0 +/- 1.5 g according to food records, representing 29.2 +/- 8.9% and 4.6 +/- 2.2% of total fat, respectively. The intake of 15:0 and 17:0, which are 1.05% and 0.61% of milk fat and 0.43% and 0.83% of ruminant meat fat, was 0.22 +/- 0.10 and 0.15 +/- 0.06 g, respectively. Content of 15:0 and 17:0 in adipose tissue was 0.35% and 0.24% and relative dietary intake was 0.33% and 0.22% according to the food records and 0.32% and 0.21%, respectively, according to the food-frequency questionnaire. Correlation coefficients between 15:0 content in adipose tissue and intake from dairy foods only, according to food records, were 0.63 (Pearson) and 0.59 (Spearman); corresponding values for 17:0 were 0.42 and 0.45, respectively. Content of 15:0 and 17:0 in subcutaneous adipose tissue might be a valid biological marker of long-term milk fat intake in free-living individuals in populations with high consumption of dairy products.
We assessed blood pressure (BP), body weight, renal hemodynamics, and insulin sensitivity (by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp) in nine normoalbuminuric and seven microalbuminuric IDDM patients after 6 days on a low-sodium diet (20 mEq) and after 6 days on a high-sodium diet (250 mEq). In microalbuminuric but not in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients, switching from a low to a high-sodium diet was associated with a significant increase in mean BP (from 92 +/- 3 to 101 +/- 4 mmHg; P < 0.001) and in body weight (2.91 +/- 0.63 vs. 1.47 +/- 0.26 kg; P < 0.05). Moreover, under high-sodium conditions, angiotensin II infusion (3 ng x kg(-1) x min(-1)) caused a greater increase in mean BP (14 +/- 2 vs. 7.4 +/- 1 mmHg; P < 0.05) and a smaller reduction in renal plasma flow (-122 +/- 29 vs. -274 +/- 41 ml x min(-1) x 1.73 m2; P < 0.05) in microalbuminuric than in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients. Under low sodium conditions, aldosterone increments after angiotensin II infusion were lower (P < 0.05) in microalbuminuric than in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients. Insulin-mediated glucose disposal was not affected by sodium dietary content, but it was lower in microalbuminuric (P < 0.05) than in normoalbuminuric IDDM patients. The salt-induced changes in mean BP were related to insulin sensitivity (r = -0.78; P < 0.001). In conclusion, in IDDM patients, microalbuminuria is associated with 1) an increased responsiveness of BP to salt intake and angiotensin II, 2) impaired modulation of renal blood flow, and 3) insulin resistance. Therefore, salt sensitivity in IDDM patients clusters with other factors that are likely to play an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy and its cardiovascular complications.
Many adrenergic agonists including isoproterenol, a beta1,2-adrenergic agonist, reduce alcohol consumption, but the mechanism of this effect is not known. Adrenergic agonists have a variety of effects, among which are their ability to raise both angiotensin (ANG) II activity and plasma glucose levels. Previous research has shown that ANG II and enhanced glucose levels are accompanied by reductions in alcohol intake. Therefore, the following experiments assessed the roles of each of these factors in the suppression of alcohol intake by isoproterenol. Male Wistar rats were trained to drink a quantity of 6% (w/v) alcohol using the limited access procedure, which offers a daily 40-min access to alcohol and water. In experiment 1, isoproterenol or vehicle was administered s.c. just prior to alcohol availability, and only the group receiving isoproterenol showed a marked reduction in alcohol intake. Following this, the groups were pretreated i.p. with either vehicle or ascending doses of the prostaglandin synthetase inhibitor, indomethacin (2, 4 mg/kg), followed by either isoproterenol or vehicle. Control groups received either two vehicle injections or vehicle and indomethacin. Indomethacin alone did not affect alcohol intake at any of the doses tested but did dose-dependently attenuate the reduction in alcohol intake produced by isoproterenol. In experiment 2, isoproterenol was administered just prior to alcohol availability and when the suppression of alcohol intake stabilized, ascending doses of the angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, enalapril (1, 20, 40 mg/kg), were given i.p. 1 h prior to the isoproterenol. Enalapril altered water intake but had no effect on the isoproterenol-induced reduction in alcohol intake. These results show that the inhibition of alcohol drinking by isoproterenol varies more closely with altered glucose levels than with increased ANG II synthesis. They also demonstrate that downstream consequences of a drug may play a role in its effect on alcohol intake.
OBJECTIVE: The study was conducted to assess the relative validity of a 170-item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (SFFQ) adapted for use in the elderly. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: The study was carried out in a sample of 80 men and women aged 55-75 y participating in a community based prospective cohort study in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. The two-step dietary assessment comprised a simple self-administered questionnaire (20 min) followed by a structured interview with trained dietitians (20 min) based on the completed questionnaire. Multiple food records (FR) collected over a one year period served as reference method. 24 h urine urea was used as indirect marker for protein intake. RESULTS: Compared with FR, the SFFQ generally overestimated nutrient intake as reflected by difference in means and the ratio of SFFQ to FR. Energy adjustment reduced the observed overestimation. Pearson's correlation coefficients varied from close to 0.5 to about 0.9 for crude data, and after adjustment for age, sex, total energy intake, and for within-person variability in daily intake for 0.4-0.8. Cross-classification into quintiles resulted in correct classification into the same or adjacent quintile of 75.8% for crude and 76.8% for energy-adjusted data. Validation of protein intake estimated by SFFQ with protein excretion from 24h urine urea indicated overestimation of protein intake by SFFQ. Spearman correlation coefficient between protein intake estimated from urea excretion and SFFQ was 0.67. CONCLUSIONS: Adaptation of a SFFQ for use in the elderly resulted in a valid and time-efficient dietary assessment instrument. Its ability to adequately rank study subjects according to their dietary intake support its application in epidemiological studies in the elderly. 
The aim of this study was to determine whether the addition of soy protein and guar gum to the American Heart Association (AHA) Step I diet would increase its efficacy compared with the typical "Average American Diet" (AAD) in a non-human primate model. Twenty adult female cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) were fed one of three diets for 6 wk. The AAD contained 36% energy from fat; the standard Step I diet contained 30% energy from fat; and the modified AHA Step I diet contained 30% energy from fat with the addition of soy protein isolate (10% of total energy) and guar gum (5.8 g/d). Plasma samples were collected from food-deprived monkeys at 4, 5 and 6 wk of dietary treatment for analyses of plasma total cholesterol (TC), lipoprotein cholesterol and triacylglycerol (TAG) concentrations. Plasma TC, LDL-C, HDL-C and TAG concentrations were not significantly different in wk 4, 5 and 6 within any of the diet periods; thus the three measurements were averaged. After 6 wk of dietary treatment, monkeys fed the standard Step I diet had lower plasma TC (-19%) (P < 0.05) and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) (-24%) (P < 0.09) than when they were fed the AAD, with no effect on HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), the lipoprotein cholesterol profile or TAG. Beyond the effect of the standard Step I diet, the modified AHA Step I diet further reduced plasma TC and LDL-C (-24% and -40%) (P < 0. 05) and the TC/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C ratios (-37% and -52%) (P < 0. 05) with no significant changes in plasma HDL-C or TAG. The primary conclusions of this study are that the efficacy of the AHA Step I cholesterol-lowering diet can be increased with the addition of soy protein and guar gum and provide a more favorable lipoprotein cholesterol profile. Whether the cholesterol-lowering effect is the result of soy protein or guar gum or a synergistic effect of both remains to be determined.
The long-term effects of consumption of marine long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on atherosclerosis in the rabbit were examined. Female Dutch rabbits were fed purified diets, containing 40 energy% total fat, for a period of 2.5 years. To study the dose response relationship between fish oil intake and atherosclerosis, four diets were formulated with fish oil levels being 0, 1, 10 and 20 energy%. A fifth and sixth group were fed an alpha-linolenic acid-(C18:3, n-3) and linoleic acid-(C18:2, n-6) rich diet, respectively. Every 6 weeks, blood samples were taken for determination of clinical chemical parameters, triacylglycerol and total cholesterol levels. Feeding 10 and 20 energy% fish oil containing diets, resulted in an increase of liver enzymes (AST, ALT and ALP). Histological evaluation of the liver also revealed adverse effects of fish oil containing diets. Triacylglycerol blood levels were similar in all groups, and remained constant throughout the study. Total cholesterol levels in blood was significantly lower in the animals fed a linoleic acid-rich diet, as compared with the other five groups. An n-3 long-chain PUFA concentration dependent increase in aorta plaque surface area was observed in the fish oil groups. A significant positive relationship was found between the group mean score for severity of liver pathology and the aorta plaque surface area. These results indicate that the long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish oil may be hepatotoxic to the herbivorous rabbit, which may interfere with the outcome of atherosclerosis studies. This finding necessitates the exclusion of liver pathology in experimental studies on atherosclerosis in animal models.
Considerable evidence suggests that high plasma concentrations of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1) and fibrinogen increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Recent studies report beneficial effects of dietary fiber on coronary artery disease, although the mechanisms by which high fiber intake reduces the risk of heart disease are not well understood. This study examined the relation of dietary fiber intake to PAI-1 and fibrinogen concentrations in 883 men and 1116 women aged 50.4 +/- 13.8 and 52.1 +/- 13.7 y, respectively, in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study. Diet was assessed with a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. The natural logarithm was used to transform PAI-1 because of a skewed distribution. In the first through fifth age- and energy-specific quintiles of fiber intake, mean (ln)PAI-1 was 6.09, 5.91, 5.88, 5.82, and 5.67 pmol/L, respectively, for men and 5.50, 5.37, 5.39, 5.23, and 5.18 pmol/L, respectively, for women. Multiple regression showed that when the lowest was compared with the second, third, fourth, and fifth age- and energy-specific quintiles of fiber intake, (ln)PAI-1 was 0.21, 0.25, 0.22, and 0.32 pmol/L lower in men (P for trend = 0.009) and 0.08, 0.06, 0.14, and 0.20 pmol/L lower in women (P for trend = 0.037), respectively, with anthropometric, lifestyle, and metabolic factors adjusted for. No significant association was found between fiber intake and fibrinogen. Waist-hip ratio did not modify the relation of fiber intake to PAI-1 (P for interaction = 0.39 for men and 0.36 for women). These data suggest that higher fiber intake is inversely associated with PAI-1, but not with fibrinogen concentration.
The purpose of this study was to validate a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and a 3-d weighed food record (3d-WFR) by comparing nutrient intakes estimated using these methods with serum folate, RBC folate and serum vitamin B-12 concentrations in 105 females aged 16-19 y. During an early morning clinic visit, subjects completed a self-administered, 116-item FFQ, blood was collected and they were trained to complete a 3d-WFR. Folate intakes as determined by the 3d-WFR (r = 0.65, P < 0.01) exhibited a stronger association with serum folate than did intakes from the FFQ (r = 0.48, P < 0.01) (P = 0.017). The correlations between folate intakes and RBC folate as determined by the FFQ (r = 0.42, P < 0.01) and 3d-WFR (r = 0.50, P < 0.01) methods did not differ. Vitamin B-12 intakes showed only a modest association with serum vitamin B-12 when supplement users were included in the analyses (FFQ, r = 0.25, P < 0.05; 3d-WFR, r = 0.32, P < 0.05). After excluding supplement users from the analyses, the relationship between vitamin B-12 intakes as determined by FFQ and serum vitamin B-12 was no longer significant. Median daily folate intakes (346 vs. 212 microgram) and vitamin B-12 (4.9 vs. 1.9 microgram) estimated from the FFQ were higher than those obtained from the 3d-WFR. In sum, these data suggest that both the FFQ and 3d-WFR are valid measures of assessing the folate intake of young women, and both appear to be useful in determining vitamin B-12 intake when supplemental users are included. The markedly different conclusions about absolute folate and vitamin B-12 intakes obtained using these two dietary methodologies should be taken into consideration when making recommendations about optimal folate intakes in relation to disease prevention.
Neutral endopeptidase (NEP) is an ubiquitous enzyme that inactivates numerous endogenous peptides in the brain, kidney, and lung in vivo. The origin of the circulating soluble form and its determinants are largely unknown. The relationships of smoking habits and alcohol consumption to serum NEP activity have been explored in a longitudinal epidemiological study conducted in 204 Lorraine coal miners. At both surveys, 4 years apart, NEP activity was significantly related to alcohol consumption (in grams/day) reported by questionnaire, with correlation coefficients of 0.26 (p = 0.001) in 1990 and 0.23 (p = 0.001) in 1994. The correlations of gamma-glutamyltransferase to NEP activity were even stronger with correlation coefficients of 0.71 (p = 0.0001) in 1990 and 0.79 (p = 0.0001) in 1994. Longitudinally, the change in NEP activity between the first and the second surveys was significantly correlated with change in alcohol consumption (r = to 0.18, p = 0.02) and with change in gamma-glutamyltransferase level (r = 0.60, p = 0.0001). Serum NEP activity was unrelated to smoking habits. Results support the hypothesis of a causal role of alcohol on serum NEP activity.
Increased plasma and CSF concentrations of substances which bind to brain benzodiazepine receptors have previously been reported in cirrhotic patients with hepatic encephalopathy (HE). However, their relationship to previous intake of pharmaceutical benzodiazepines has not been clearly established. In the present study, plasma levels of benzodiazepine receptor ligands (BZRLs) were measured using a sensitive radioreceptor assay in 12 control subjects with no evidence of hepatic, neurological or psychiatric illness, 11 cirrhotic patients without HE, 24 cirrhotic patients with moderate (grade I-II) HE and in 45 cirrhotic patients with severe (grade II-IV) HE. In addition, CSF concentrations of BZRLs were measured in 8 cirrhotic patients with HE and an equal number of age-matched controls. Recent intake (within 10 days) of pharmaceutical benzodiazepines was assessed by detailed review of medical files, and interviews with the patient, at least one family member as well as the pharmacist. Significantly increased plasma concentrations of BZRLs were observed in cirrhotic patients with severe encephalopathy (p < 0.02) compared to controls and to cirrhotic patients without (or with mild) neurological impairment. Increased plasma BZRLs could be accounted for by prior exposure to benzodiazepine medication in all cases. CSF concentrations of BZRLs in cirrhotic patients were not significantly different from control values. These findings do not support a role for "endogenous" benzodiazepines in the pathogenesis of HE in chronic liver disease but suggest that pharmaceutic benzodiazepines administered to cirrhotic patients as sedatives or as part of endoscopic work-up could have contributed to the neurological impairment in some patients.
A possible relationship between change in dietary cholesterol absorption and plasma lipoprotein responsiveness was examined in 18 normal subjects fed low fat low cholesterol, high fat low cholesterol, and high fat high cholesterol diets. For the group, neither dietary cholesterol nor dietary fat affected the percentage dietary cholesterol absorption, whereas dietary cholesterol intake raised total and LDL-C and dietary fat raised total, LDL, and HDL-C. On a fixed diet there was approximately a 2-fold variation among subjects in percentage dietary cholesterol absorption. Subjects also varied in response to dietary cholesterol and fat with regard to dietary cholesterol absorption and plasma lipoprotein responsiveness. There was a U-shaped parabolic relationship between dietary cholesterol-induced percent change in LDL-C and the change in percentage dietary cholesterol absorption (R2 = 0.62, P = 0.005). A similar but weaker relationship characterized the responsiveness of HDL-C (R2 = 0.38, P = 0.05). For the group, increased cholesterol intake raised dietary cholesterol mass absorption from 1.6 to 4.6 mg/kg per day, but the range of increase was from 1 to 4.7 mg/kg per day. Increased fat intake also affected dietary cholesterol mass absorption with most subjects displaying a strong inverse relationship between fat intake and mass absorption (r = -0.77, P < 0.003). In summary: i) the percentage change in dietary cholesterol absorption in response to dietary cholesterol does appear to regulate diet responsiveness of LDL and HDL-C, and ii) the large variability in percent absorption and changes in percentage and mass absorption in response to dietary cholesterol suggest the presence of genetically determined differences among individuals in the regulation of dietary cholesterol absorption.
Phosphatidylethanol is a "pathological" phospholipid, formed via the action of phospholipase D only in the presence of ethanol. The present study was made to elucidate how different levels and patterns of alcohol intake affect blood levels of phosphatidylethanol in comparison with other markers of abuse. We used a new HPLC-evaporative light-scattering detection technique for phosphatidylethanol quantitation. This method had a total coefficient of variation of <20% at the detection limit of 0.2 nmol, equaling 0.8 micromol/liter of whole blood. Two groups were studied. (a) Five healthy volunteers were given 32 to 47 g of ethanol in a single dose, to give blood ethanol levels of approximately 25 mmol/liter after 30 to 60 min. Phosphatidylethanol, carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), and blood ethanol were measured before and after the intake. (b) Twelve student volunteers were studied during a 3 week period of prolonged alcohol consumption (total estimated intake: 1334 +/- 488 g, mean +/- SD) and phosphatidylethanol, serum-CDT, gamma-glutamyltransferase, and blood ethanol were measured at the start of the period (day 1) and twice at the end of the period (days 18 and 21). In group (a), no phosphatidylethanol was detected at any time after ethanol dosage/intake. In group (b), no blood phosphatidylethanol or blood ethanol could be demonstrated at the start, and serum-CDT was below the discrimination limit (1.3%) in all persons. No phosphatidylethanol was detected in those four persons with the lowest intake (742 +/- 150 g). However, the remaining eight persons had detectable levels of phosphatidylethanol (1.0 to 2.1 micromol/liter), and these had a higher total intake (1630 +/- 389 g). There was a statistically significant (p = 0.02) increase in serum CDT for 3 weeks. However, only 3 of 12 persons increased above the discrimination limit. The present results indicate that a substantial alcohol intake is needed to elevate blood phosphatidylethanol. In comparison with serum-CDT, blood phosphatidylethanol appears more sensitive.
Serum carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) is a specific and comparatively sensitive marker of excessive alcohol use; however, reports of its sensitivity vary according to the population or patient groups studied and their average alcohol intake. We have characterized the dose-response curve between alcohol intake and CDT concentrations in a study of 1400 men and women from a community-based twin registry. Our results show that mean CDT increases with increasing reported alcohol consumption even within the range of alcohol use considered to be nonhazardous. We found significant effects of sex, age, smoking, previous alcohol dependence, body mass index, and diastolic hypertension on the alcohol-CDT dose-response curve. These variables either affect test sensitivity or require adjustment of reference intervals. The results also provide insight into the physiological and biochemical factors that affect CDT concentration.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the study was to test the hypothesis that dietary fat components were associated with the serum lipid profile independent of ethnicity, body fat, and fat distribution in prepubertal children. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Sixty-six children (45 African American and 21 Caucasian), aged from 4 to 10 years, were recruited into the study. Dietary total fat, saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, and polyunsaturated fat were estimated by averaging two 24-hour diet recalls. Fasting serum triacylglycerol, total cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were analyzed, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) was calculated by the method of Friedewald. Body composition and fat distribution were measured by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography. RESULTS: Children in both ethnic groups tended to overreport their dietary intake relative to total energy expenditure by 18%. African American children consumed more energy from total fat (35.3% vs. 31.5%, p<0.05), saturated fat (13.7% vs 12.2%, p<0.05), protein (16.4% vs. 13.2%, p=0.02), and less from carbohydrate (48% vs. 57.1%, p<0.01) than Caucasian children. There was no significant correlation between dietary fat and either serum lipids or body fat indices after adjusting for nonfat energy intake and total lean tissue mass. Total body fat (r=0.32), subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (r=0.39), and intra-abdominal adipose tissue (r=0.42) were positively related to serum triacylglycerol; these associations remained significant in a multiple linear regression model in which body fat indices were adjusted for ethnicity, total lean tissue, dietary total fat, and nonfat intake. DISCUSSION: Our results do not support a link between dietary fat and serum lipids; instead, our data suggest that body fat may play a more important role than dietary fat in the course of cardiovascular disease development in prepubertal children. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate a diet history (DH). DESIGN: Energy intake (EI) estimated by a diet history (DH) was validated against total energy expenditure (TEE) measured by doubly labeled water (DLW) (n = 12) used as reference, by heart rate monitoring (HR) and by an activity diary (AD). SETTING: Department of Geriatric Medicine, Gteborg University, Vasa Hospital, Gothenburg, Sweden. SUBJECTS: 20 healthy free-living elderly subjects (73 years) from the gerontological and geriatric population studies, Gothenburg, Sweden (H70). RESULTS: Mean value for EI was 9.02 (s.d. 2.30), for TEE by HR was 9.66 (s.d. 2.25) MJ/d, and for TEE by AD was 9.40 (s.d. 2.08) MJ/d. In the 12 individuals measured with DLW, EI was 8.62 (s.d. 2.06), TEE by DLW was 9.90 (s.d. 1.43) MJ/d, TEE by HR was 8.94 (s.d. 1.96) MJ/d, and TEE by AD was 9.24 (s.d. 2.15)MJ/d. Mean difference between DH and DLW was 1.28 (s.d. 2.17) MJ (NS) and the DH/DLW ratio was 0.88. Four subjects were identified as under-reporters and one as an over-reporter. CONCLUSION: The DH slightly underestimated EI compared to the HR, but was in concordance with the AD. Compared to DLW, DH underestimated EI by 12%. On group level, the DH method gave comparable values to HR and AD. The DH was not valid for ranking of individuals. Compared to DLW, the HR method seemed to perform somewhat better than the AD for detection of under- and over-reporters. 
Past studies of the association of trans-fatty acid intake with coronary heart disease have been hindered by the lack of a database on the trans-fatty acid content of various foods. The authors used new data from the US Department of Agriculture to estimate trans-fatty acid intake using a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), and they assessed the validity of the FFQ by comparing the dietary estimates with trans-fatty acid concentrations in adipose tissue. The 1996 study included 27 women and 24 men aged 51-78 years. The mean consumption of total trans-fatty acids estimated from the FFQ was 2.24 g per day and 5% of total dietary fat. The mean concentration of total trans-fatty acids in buttock adipose tissue was 4.7% of total fatty acids. Pearson correlations between total dietary intake of trans-fatty acids and total trans-fatty acid levels in adipose tissue were 0.67 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.36-0.84) among men and 0.58 (95% CI 0.26-0.79) among women. After adjustment for energy intake, age, and body mass index, the correlation coefficients were 0.76 (95% CI 0.51-0.89) among men and 0.52 (95% CI 0.17-0.75) among women. The FFQ validated in this study is an important new tool for assessing usual intake of trans-fatty acids.
Increasing urinary net acid (titratable acid + NH4 - HCO-3) excretion is accompanied by an increased urinary Ca excretion because of reduced renal tubular reabsorption of filtered Ca. The relationships between urinary Ca excretion rates and urinary net acid excretion rates are reviewed for data: (1) among healthy adults eating constant diets when net acid excretion is increased by increasing dietary protein, administering NH4Cl, or withdrawal of dietary KHCO3 or reduced by administering KHCO3; (2) among healthy adults eating constant diets providing varying amounts of protein and potassium, and (3) among healthy adults and Ca stone formers with and without idiopathic hypercalciuria eating ad libitum. The results show that urinary Ca excretion varies directly with net acid excretion by 0.035 mmol/mEq. The urinary net acid excretion increases by 0.10-0.15 mEq/mmol urinary urea, and urinary Ca increases by about 0.04 mmol/g dietary protein, while the urinary net acid excretion decreases as the ratio of urinary K/urea, a reflection of the dietary K relative to dietary protein, increases. The relationships between net acid excretion and both urinary urea and K/urea are similar among Ca stone formers without and with idiopathic hypercalciuria, but those with idiopathic hypercalciuria exhibit increased rates of urinary Ca excretion at all levels of net acid excretion.
OBJECTIVE: Some studies have shown that heme oxygenase inhibition increases blood pressure in rats. This effect may be due to the consequent lower levels of the heme degradation products (carbon monoxide, biliverdin, and Fe3+) or due to heme accumulation. However, it is not yet known if the variable effect of NaCl on blood pressure levels is influenced by the heme/heme oxygenase pathway activity. This enzymatic system may be studied by blocking its activity with zinc protoporphyrin IX (ZnPP IX), a heme oxygenase inhibitor. DESIGN AND METHODS: Male Wistar rats were fed from weaning with low (LSD--0.15% NaCl), normal (NSD--1.3% NaCl), or high (HSD--8% NaCl) salt diet On the 12th week of age, assessment of the tail-cuff blood pressure (tc-BP) response to acute inhibition of heme oxygenase with ZnPP IX or after vehicle (Na2CO3) was performed. RESULTS: A higher tc-BP was observed on HSD both before ZnPP IX (P< 0.001) and vehicle (P = 0.003). After ZnPP IX, tc-BP decreased on HSD (P < 0.001) and increased on NSD (P = 0.003) and on LSD (P < 0.001). The area under the curve (AUC) of the percentage change in the blood pressure response was calculated. On putting all the rats from the three dietary groups together, an inverse correlation was observed between individual AUC after ZnPP IX and control tc-BP (r = -0.71; P< 0.001) but not after vehicle (r = 0.34; P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Chronic salt overload increases blood pressure in Wistar rats and the pressure response to heme oxygenase is modulated by the effect of NaCl consumption on blood pressure levels. 
BACKGROUND: The fatty acid composition of the diet is known to be partially reflected by the fatty acid composition of serum lipids. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether pentadecanoic acid (15:0) in serum lipids can be used as a marker for intake of milk fat, the major dietary source of 15:0. We also investigated the relations between intake of milk fat and cardiovascular disease risk factors. DESIGN: Sixty-two 70-y-old men completed 7-d dietary records. The intake of milk products was studied in relation to the proportions of 15:0 in serum cholesterol esters and phospholipids, as well as to the clinical characteristics of these men, by using Spearman's rank correlation. RESULTS: The proportions of 15:0 in serum cholesterol esters were positively related to butter intake (r = 0.36. P = 0.004) and to the total amount of fat from milk products (r = 0.46, P < 0.0001): 15:0 in phospholipids was related to the amount of fat from milk and cream (r = 0.34, P = 0.008) and to the total amount of fat from milk products (r = 0.34, P = 0.008). Inverse associations were found between intake of milk products and body mass index, waist circumference, LDL-HDL ratio, HDL triacylglycerols, and fasting plasma glucose, whereas relations to HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I tended to be positive. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that 15:0 in serum can be used as a marker for intake of milk fat. The explanation for the inverse associations between the intake of milk products and certain cardiovascular risk factors is not known. 
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies suggest that foods rich in flavonoids might reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate the effect of intake of flavonoid-containing black currant and apple juice on urinary excretion of quercetin and on markers of oxidative status. DESIGN: This was a crossover study with 3 doses of juice (750, 1000, and 1500 mL) consumed for 1 wk by 4 women and 1 man corresponding to an intake of 4.8, 6.4, and 9.6 mg quercetin/d. RESULTS: Urinary excretion of quercetin increased significantly with dose and with time. The fraction excreted in urine was 0.29-0.47%. Plasma quercetin did not change with juice intervention. Plasma ascorbate increased during intervention because of the ascorbate in the juice. Total plasma malondialdehyde decreased with time during the 1500-mL juice intervention, indicating reduced lipid oxidation in plasma. Plasma 2-amino-adipic semialdehyde residues increased with time and dose, indicating a prooxidant effect of the juice, whereas erythrocyte 2-aminoadipic semialdehyde and gamma-glutamyl semialdehyde concentrations, Trolox-equivalent antioxidant capacity, and ferric reducing ability of plasma did not change. Glutathione peroxidase activity increased significantly with juice dose. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary excretion of quercetin seemed to be a small but constant function of quercetin intake. Short-term, high intake of black currant and apple juices had a prooxidant effect on plasma proteins and increased glutathione peroxidase activity, whereas lipid oxidation in plasma seemed to decrease. These effects might be related to several components of the juice and cannot be attributed solely to its quercetin content. 
Biologically based markers (biomarkers) are currently used to provide information on exposure, health effects, and individual susceptibility to chemical and radiological wastes. However, the development and validation of biomarkers are expensive and time consuming. To determine whether biomarker development and use offer potential improvements to risk models based on predictive relationships or assumed values, we explore the use of uncertainty analysis applied to exposure models for dietary methyl mercury intake. We compare exposure estimates based on self-reported fish intake and measured fish mercury concentrations with biomarker-based exposure estimates (i.e., hair or blood mercury concentrations) using a published data set covering 1 month of exposure. Such a comparison of exposure model predictions allowed estimation of bias and random error associated with each exposure model. From these analyses, both bias and random error were found to be important components of uncertainty regarding biomarker-based exposure estimates, while the diary-based exposure estimate was susceptible to bias. Application of the proposed methods to a simple case study demonstrates their utility in estimating the contribution of population variability and measurement error in specific applications of biomarkers to environmental exposure and risk assessment. Such analyses can guide risk analysts and managers in the appropriate validation, use, and interpretation of exposure biomarker information.
BACKGROUND: Recently, the analysis of dietary patterns has emerged as a possible approach to examining diet-disease relations. OBJECTIVE: We examined the reproducibility and validity of dietary patterns defined by factor analysis using dietary data collected with a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). DESIGN: We enrolled a subsample of men (n = 127) from the Health Professionals Follow-up Study in a diet-validation study in 1986. A 131-item FFQ was administered twice, 1 y apart, and two 1-wk diet records and blood samples were collected during this 1-y interval. RESULTS: Using factor analysis, we identified 2 major eating patterns, which were qualitatively similar across the 2 FFQs and the diet records. The first factor, the prudent dietary pattern, was characterized by a high intake of vegetables, fruit, legumes, whole grains, and fish and other seafood, whereas the second factor, the Western pattern, was characterized by a high intake of processed meat, red meat, butter, high-fat dairy products, eggs, and refined grains. The reliability correlations for the factor scores between the 2 FFQs were 0.70 for the prudent pattern and 0.67 for the Western pattern. The correlations (corrected for week-to-week variation in diet records) between the 2 FFQs and diet records ranged from 0.45 to 0.74 for the 2 patterns. In addition, the correlations between the factor scores and nutrient intakes and plasma concentrations of biomarkers were in the expected direction. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate reasonable reproducibility and validity of the major dietary patterns defined by factor analysis with data from an FFQ. 
High intakes of fruits and vegetables and of carotenoids are associated with a lower risk for a variety of chronic diseases. It is therefore important to test the validity of dietary questionnaires that assess these intakes. We compared intakes of five carotenoids, as calculated from responses to the Willett 126-item food-frequency questionnaire, with corresponding biochemical measures. Subjects included 346 women and 201 men, aged 67-93 y, in the Framingham Heart Study. Unadjusted correlations were higher among women than men as follows: alpha-carotene 0.33 and 0.18, beta-carotene, 0.36 and 0.25; beta-cryptoxanthin, 0.44 and 0.32; lycopene, 0.35 and 0.21; and lutein + zeaxanthin, 0.27 and 0.10, respectively. Adjustment for age, energy intake, body mass index (BMI, kg/m2), plasma cholesterol concentrations and smoking reduced the gender differences, respectively, to the following: alpha-carotene 0.30 and 0.28; beta-carotene, 0.34 and 0.31; beta-cryptoxanthin, 0.45 and 0.36; lycopene, 0.36 and 0.31; and lutein + zeaxanthin, 0.24 and 0.14. Plots of adjusted mean plasma carotenoid concentration by quintile of respective carotenoid intake show apparent greater responsiveness among women, compared with men, to dietary intake of alpha- and beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin, but similar blood-diet relationships for lycopene and lutein + zeaxanthin. Reported daily intake of fruits and vegetables correlated most strongly with plasma beta-cryptoxanthin and beta-carotene among women and with plasma alpha- and beta-carotene among men. With the exception of lutein + zeaxanthin, this dietary questionnaire does provide reasonable rankings of carotenoid status among elderly subjects, with the strongest correlations for beta-cryptoxanthin. Appropriate adjustment of confounders is necessary to clarify these associations among men.
This study was conducted to know the effect of carbohydrate intake on serum 3,5,3'-triiodothyronine (CAS 6893-02-3, T3)-response to glucose ingestion and its relation to glucose tolerance in lean non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients. Ten patients, body mass index: 21.8 +/- 2.2 (mean +/- SD) kg/m2, were given a control diet (2012 kcal/day(d); carbohydrate (CHO): 299 g/d) on admission. Several days later, they were given a low-calorie and low-CHO diet (Low-CHO) (1156 kcal/d; CHO: 139 g/d) and 2 weeks later, they received a low-calorie and high-CHO diet (High-CHO) (1154 kcal/d; CHO: 176 g/d) and another 2 weeks later, they were given Low-CHO again for 2 weeks. They received oral 75 g glucose tolerance tests after completion of each diet. sigma dGlucose (mmol/l) decreased from 54.3 +/- 11.9 (control) to 42.5 +/- 7.5 after Low-CHO and reached 34.5 +/- 10.4 after High-CHO but increased to 36.4 +/- 11.1 after the 2nd Low-CHO (F = 7.46, p = 0.0005). sigma dT3 (nmol/l) increased from -0.18 +/- 0.52 (control) to 0.12 +/- 0.67 after Low-CHO and reached 0.92 +/- 0.59 after High-CHO but decreased to 0.36 +/- 0.65 after the 2nd Low-CHO (F = 5.92, p = 0.0022). Serum insulin and body weight remained unchanged throughout the study. Negative correlation between sigma dT3 and sigma dGlucose (r = -0.493, n = 40, p = 0.0012) was found throughout the diet modification. Carbohydrate intake affected serum T3-response to glucose ingestion and the response was closely related to glucose tolerance in lean NIDDM patients.
Boron, which is ubiquitous in the environment, causes developmental and reproductive effects in experimental animals. This observation has led to efforts to establish a Tolerable Intake value for boron. Although risk assessors agree on the use of fetal weight decreases observed in rats as an appropriate critical effect, consensus on the adequacy of toxicokinetic data as a basis for replacement of default uncertainty factors remains to be reached. A critical analysis of the existing data on boron toxicokinetics was conducted to clarify the appropriateness of replacing default uncertainty factors (10-fold for interspecies differences and 10-fold for intraspecies differences) with data-derived values. The default uncertainty factor for variability in response from animals to humans of 10-fold (default values of 4-fold for kinetics and 2.5-fold for dynamics) was recommended, since clearance of boron is 3- to 4-fold higher in rats than in humans and data on dynamic differences--in order to modify the default value--are unavailable. A data-derived adjustment of 6-fold (1.8 for kinetics and 3.1 for dynamics) rather than the default uncertainty factor of 10-fold was considered appropriate for intrahuman variability, based on variability in glomerular filtration rate during pregnancy in humans and the lack of available data on dynamic differences. Additional studies to investigate the toxicokinetics of boron in rats would be useful to provide a stronger basis for replacement of default uncertainty factors for interspecies variation.
BACKGROUND: Substitution of soy protein for casein in the diet decreases LDL cholesterol and increases HDL cholesterol. How the 2 proteins affect lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease, is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We compared the effects of dietary soy protein and casein on plasma Lp(a) concentrations. DESIGN: Nine normolipidemic men were studied initially while consuming their habitual, self-selected diets, and then, in a crossover design, while consuming 2 liquid-formula diets containing either casein or soy protein. The dietary periods lasted 45 d (n = 7) or 33 d (n = 2). Fasting total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerol, and Lp(a) concentrations were measured throughout. RESULTS: After 30 d of each diet, the mean concentration of Lp(a) was not significantly different after the soy-protein and self-selected diets. However, Lp(a) decreased by an average of 50% (P < 0.001) after the casein diet as compared with concentrations after both the soy-protein and self-selected diets. Two weeks after subjects switched from the self-selected to the soy-protein diet, Lp(a) increased by 20% (P = 0.065), but subsequently decreased to baseline. In contrast, the switch to the casein diet did not cause an increase in Lp(a), but instead a continuing decrease in mean concentrations to 65% below baseline (P < 0.0002). Total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were significantly lower > or =30 d after both the casein and soy-protein diets than after the self-selected diet (P < 0.001). HDL cholesterol was 11% higher after the soy-protein diet than after the casein diet (P < 0.002), but LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, and triacylglycerol were not significantly different after the casein and soy-protein diets. CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that soy protein may have an Lp(a)-raising effect, potentially detrimental to its use in antiatherogenic diets. 
Ethyl glucuronide (EtG) is a non-volatile, water-soluble, direct metabolite of ethanol that can be detected in body fluids and hair. We investigated urine and serum samples from three patient groups: (1) 33 in-patients in acute alcohol withdrawal; (2) 30 detoxified in-patients (treated for at least 4 weeks) from a 'motivation station'; and (3) 43 neuro-rehabilitation patients (non-alcoholics; most of them suffering from stroke, traumatic brain injury, Parkinson's disease etc.) using gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) with deuterium-labelled EtG as the internal standard and additionally in the second group of patients using liquid chromatography (LC/MS-MS). We found no correlation between the concentration of EtG in urine at hospitalization and the blood-ethanol concentration (r = 0.17), the time frame of detection (r = 0.5) or the total amount of clomethiazole required for the treatment of withdrawal symptoms (r = 0.28). In four out of 30 in-patients from the 'motivation station'--where neither clinical impression nor routine laboratory findings gave indications of relapse--concentrations of EtG in urine ranged between 4.2 and 196.6 mg/l. EtG concentrations in urine of between 2.89 and 23.49 mg/l were found in seven out of 43 neuro-rehabilitation patients using GC/MS. The GC/MS and the LC/MS-MS results showed a correlation of 0.98 with Pearson's correlation test and 1.0 with Spearman's correlation test. We suggest that EtG is a marker of alcohol consumption that can be detected for an extended time period after the complete elimination of alcohol from the body. When used as a relapse marker with a specific time frame of detection intermediate between short- and long-term markers, EtG fills a clinically as well as forensically important gap. Its specificity and sensitivity exceed those of all other known ethanol markers.
Since stone formers are advised to increase their intake of fluid, the present study was undertaken to determine the effect of cola beverage consumption on calcium oxalate kidney stone risk factors. Fourteen males and 31 females provided 24-h urines before and after an acute load of cola. Relative supersaturations, activity products and empirical risk indices, ratios and quotients were calculated from urinary biochemical data to assess calcium oxalate crystal and stone formation risk. Several risk factors changed unfavourably following consumption of cola. In males, oxalate excretion, the Tiselius risk index and modified activity product increased significantly (P < 0.05). In females, oxalate excretion increased significantly while magnesium excretion and pH decreased significantly (P < 0.05). Scanning electron microscopy showed that urines obtained from both sexes after cola consumption supported calcium oxalate crystallization to a greater extent than the control urines. It is concluded that consumption of cola causes unfavourable changes in the risk factors associated with calcium oxalate stone formation and that therefore patients should possibly avoid this soft drink in their efforts to increase their fluid intake.
A two-season exercise was undertaken in 29 high-level sportfish consumers to evaluate the reliability and accuracy of study instruments. Fishers were invited to participate after completing the main study interview (Time 1) in fall 1995 or winter 1996. Over a 4-week period, they provided a nonconsecutive 7-day weighed food record, kept a fish consumption calendar, and responded to a shortened version of the Time 1 instrument at the end of this period (Time 2). A second blood sample (at Time 2) was analyzed for whole blood mercury (Hg) and the omega-3 fatty acids eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in plasma and erythrocytes. Identical questions were compared in the Time 1 and Time 2 instruments. Reported sportfish consumption assessed by the different instruments was subjected to nutrient analysis. Three estimates of exposure to the target substances were derived from the dietary intake estimates and correlated with their respective Time 2 plasma (EPA, DHA) or blood (Hg) values, and with a kinetically derived interval-specific plasma/blood uptake value. Remarkable similarities were observed for the data derived from like questions in the Time 1 and 2 questionnaires in both seasons. However, frank discrepancies between some portion size estimates and measured values may signal cause for concern. The strongest correlations between the Time 2 plasma DHA and EPA, and blood Hg, and the three exposure indices emerged between estimates of retrospective DHA intake and DHA fish calendar values and their corresponding Time 2 plasma levels, and for Hg estimated both retrospectively and from the fish consumption calendar and correlated with Time 2 blood Hg, especially in the winter 1996 dataset. Overall, the results suggest that the main study instrument provides a reliable and relatively accurate indication of sportfishers' fishing practices, species selection, and sportfish consumption habits.
OBJECTIVE: To compare, in men and women, the prevalence of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes assessed using criteria from the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the World Health Organization (WHO) and to investigate risk factors associated with fasting and 2-h postload plasma glucose. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data from two companion surveys of Europeans, South Asians, and Afro-Caribbeans in west London were used. A total of 4,367 men and women aged 40-64 years who were not known to have diabetes underwent an oral glucose tolerance test after an overnight fast. The prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes was estimated using the ADA (fasting plasma glucose > or = 7.0 mmol/l) and WHO (2-h postload glucose > or = 11.1 mmol/l) criteria for epidemiologic studies. The association of body fat and usual alcohol intake with plasma glucose and diabetes prevalence was assessed. RESULTS: Compared with the WHO criterion, the ADA criterion gave a higher prevalence of diabetes in men (6.4 vs. 4.7%) but a lower prevalence in women (3.3 vs. 4.2%). In Afro-Caribbeans, the sex difference in diabetes prevalence was reversed. Women had significantly lower fasting glucose than men despite higher 2-h glucose levels. Alcohol intake was positively associated with fasting glucose in men and women but not with 2-h glucose levels. CONCLUSIONS: The new ADA criterion, based on fasting glucose alone, does not take account of sex differences in metabolic response to fasting or possible artifactual effects on fasting glucose. With the ADA criterion, alcohol intake was a significant risk factor for diabetes in our study population; this was not the case with the WHO criterion. 
Dietary reference intakes (DRIs) for vitamin C for healthy U.S. populations are currently being formulated by the Panel on Dietary Antioxidants and Related Compounds of the Food and Nutrition Board of the Institute of Medicine. A major task of the Panel is to analyze the evidence of adverse effects of high-dose vitamin C intakes to derive, if appropriate, a Tolerable Upper Intake Level (UL) for vitamin C. The present report details current and past research examining potential adverse effects of supplemental vitamin C. The available data indicate that very high intakes of vitamin C (2-4 g/day) are well tolerated biologically in healthy mammalian systems. Currently, strong scientific evidence to define and defend a UL for vitamin C is not available.
Sixty-four Thoroughbred and Anglo-Arab mares aged 6-12 years were randomly allocated to 4 dietary groups and fed diets that differed in the total protein content and quality (essential amino-acids). Forty mares were non-lactating and 24 lactating. Eight mares were withdrawn from the investigation owing to injuries or gynaecological pathology. An overall conception rate of 94.6% and a foaling rate of 80% was achieved. Five of 14 (35.7%) mares (Group 1) fed a low-quality protein diet suffered from early embryonic loss before 90 days of pregnancy compared to 3 of 41 (7.3%) mares in the remaining groups that received the higher-quality protein in their diets. Serum progestagen concentrations of mares in Group 1 that suffered foetal loss were indicative of luteal function insufficiency during the 1st 40 days post-ovulation. Non-lactating mares in all 4 groups gained on average approximately 30 kg in mass during the 90 days before the breeding period. Lactating mares in Group 1 (low-quality protein) lost on average 25 kg in mass during lactation, with no weight loss observed among the lactating mares in the other 3 groups. No difference in the diameter of the embryonic vesicle was found between dietary groups until Day 35 of pregnancy.
PURPOSE: To examine the relationship of serum and dietary magnesium (Mg) with incident hypertension. The setting was the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study, which included a biracial cohort, aged 45-64 years, from four U.S. communities. METHODS: This analysis included 7731 participants (4190 women and 3541 men) free of hypertension at baseline and followed six years. Fasting serum Mg was measured, and usual dietary intake was assessed with a food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, race, and a number of other risk factors, the odds of incident hypertension across ascending quartiles of serum Mg were 1.0, 0.79, 0.85, and 0.70 in women (p trend = 0.01) and 1.0, 0.87, 0.87, and 0.82 in men (p trend = 0.16). We found no association between dietary Mg intake and incident hypertension. These associations were attenuated after the addition of baseline systolic blood pressure to the models. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that low Mg may play a modest role in the development of hypertension. 
Serum or plasma levels of Lp(a) vary widely between individuals and are higher in Africans and their descendants compared with white persons. In whites, high serum levels of Lp(a) are associated with the premature development of atherosclerosis. In both ethnic groups, serum Lp(a) levels are highly genetically determined and only a few environmental or physiological factors, like testosterone or estrogen, have been shown to lower serum Lp(a) levels. In whites, alcohol consumption is associated with lower serum Lp(a) levels. However, the mechanism underlying this association and whether it holds true for blacks is not known. To address these questions, we analyzed serum Lp(a) levels in 333 middle-aged males of African descent from the Seychelles Islands (Indian Ocean). In addition, we analyzed the size of the apo(a) isoforms and the serum levels of albumin and sex hormones in a subset of 279 subjects. Serum Lp(a) levels were similar in teetotalers (median, 32.5 mg/dL; n=42) and occasional drinkers (median, 34.1 mg/dL; n=112). In contrast, individuals consuming 10 to 80 g of ethanol/d (n=83) and heavy drinkers (>80 g of ethanol/d, n=96) had a 9% and 32% lower median Lp(a) level than teetotalers, respectively (P=0.01). The size distribution of the apo(a) isoforms and the mean serum levels of albumin, estradiol, and luteinizing hormone were similar in teetotalers and occasional drinkers compared with moderate and heavy drinkers. These latter 2 groups had lower serum levels of testosterone and sex hormone-binding globulin. These data indicate that alcohol intake is associated in a dose-dependent manner with lower serum Lp(a) levels in males of African descent and that this association is not related to the size of the apo(a) isoforms, to the synthetic function of the liver, or to sex hormone biochemical status.
OBJECTIVE: To compare methods for estimating discretionary salt intake, that is, salt added during food preparation and consumption in the home. SETTING: The study was carried out in a rural Guatemalan village. SUBJECTS: Subjects were selected non-randomly, based on their willingness to cooperate. Nine mother-son dyads participated; the sons were aged 6-9 y. INTERVENTIONS: Three approaches for estimating the discretionary salt consumption were used: 24 h recall; collection of duplicate portions of salt; and urinary excretion of lithium during consumption of lithium-labelled household salt. Total salt intake was assessed from the excretion of chloride over 24 h. RESULTS: The mean discretionary salt consumption based on lithium excretion for mothers was 3.9+/-2.0 g/d (mean +/- s.d.) and for children 1.3+/-0.6 g/d. Estimates from the 24 h recalls and from the duplicate portion method were approximately twice and three times those measured with the lithium-marker technique respectively. The salt intake estimated from the recall method was associated with the lithium-marker technique for both mothers and children (Spearman correlation coefficient, 0.76 and 0.70 respectively). The mean daily coefficient of variation in consumption of discretionary salt measured by the three methods, for mothers and boys respectively, were: lithium marker, 51.7 and 43.7%; 24 h recall, 65.8 and 50.7%; and duplicate portion, 51.0 and 62.6%. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that an interview method for estimating discretionary salt intake may be a reasonable approach for determining the relative rank-order in a population, especially among female food preparers themselves, but may grossly overestimate the actual intake of salt added during food preparation and consumption. 
Although hemochromatosis is characterized by dramatic morphological and functional alterations in the liver, little is known about the effects of an excess of iron on lipid metabolism. Therefore, we determined the effect of chronic iron overload on plasma lipid profile and lipoprotein composition, as well as on hepatic cholesterol metabolism and biliary sterol output. Rats administered a diet enriched with 3% iron carbonyl for 12 weeks displayed a 30-fold increase in iron (P <.0001) and a 5-fold rise in malondialdehyde (P <.001) in the liver. When compared with pair-fed controls, iron-overload rats showed a significant increase in triglycerides (P <.005), free cholesterol (P <.006), cholesteryl ester (P <.007), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (P <. 003). Triglyceride and cholesteryl ester enrichment, protein depletion, size increase, and apolipoprotein composition alterations characterized the very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and HDL particles of iron-overload rats. Assessment of the activity of intracellular key enzymes for cholesterol homeostasis in these rats disclosed a reduction in 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase (66%, P <.005) and cholesterol 7alpha-hydroxylase (58%, P <.0004) with an increment of acyl-CoA: cholesterol acyltransferase (62%, P <.002). The lack of optimal enzymatic activity may be a result of marked membrane lipid peroxidation that brings about fluidity drop (P <.029) in microsomes of iron-overload rats (5.00 +/- 0.013) versus controls (8.20 +/- 0. 03), reflected by polarization. A decline of the pool size of cholesterol and bile acids was noted in iron-overload rats during a 6-hour bile drainage. Our results show that experimental iron overload causes marked perturbations in plasma lipid transport and hepatobiliary sterol metabolism. Given the positive correlation of malondialdehyde with most of the altered parameters, iron-catalyzed lipid peroxidation may well be one of the involved mechanisms.
Tall fescue (Festuca arundinacea) is a forage grass that is widely used in pastures in the eastern US for cattle, sheep and horses. The endophytic fungus Neotyphodium coenophialum is endemic in tall fescue pastures in the US. The turfgrass industry intentionally infects fescue cultivars with strains of the fungus to impart desirable growth and disease tolerance qualities to the plants. In contrast, ergot and pyrrolizidine alkaloid toxins produced by fungus-infected plants have been incriminated causally in bovine tall fescue toxicosis, a poorly defined syndrome of morbidity that occurs in cattle that consume endophyte-infected tall fescue (E+TF). We compared the serum biochemistry profiles from cattle that grazed E+TF with those from control cattle that grazed on endophyte-free tall fescue (E-TF). Cattle were bled on 7 dates from April 1 to August 30, 1996 and on 5 dates from May 1 to July 30, 1997. Cattle that grazed E+TF retained rough winter haircoats and had lesser weight gains, typical of tall fescue toxicosis, compared to those grazing E-TF. They had decreased activities of alkaline phosphatase and alanine aminotransferase. Compared to controls, they had lower values for serum prolactin and globulin concentrations. The concentration of creatinine and the albumin/globulin ratio were increased in the cattle grazing E+TF. Isozyme determination of alkaline phosphatase indicated that the decrease in serum activity of cattle grazing E+TF was due to decreases in both intestinal and bone isozymes. Serum protein electrophoresis indicated that the decrease in serum globulin concentration was due to decreases in both alpha and gamma globulin fractions of this protein. The data collected in these experiments add to our understanding of the alterations that occur in the serum chemistry profiles when cattle consume E+TF for prolonged periods of time.
One striking paradox in epidemiologic research is the strong association between diet and cancer in ecologic studies compared with the weaker associations reported in many within-country case-control and cohort studies. However, most ecologic studies have relied on indirect measures of dietary intake, such as food disappearance data. The objectives of our study were to assess the feasibility of collecting dietary and biomarker data from individuals living in countries having markedly different dietary patterns and cultures and to examine the magnitude of the between-country variation in their measurement. Adults surveyed in Shanghai (China), Costa Rica and King County (Washington, USA) completed a 24-hr dietary recall, a cancer risk factor survey, and provided a blood sample. We analyzed a subset of the blood specimens for vitamins C, E, carotenoids and phospholipid fatty acids. We observed substantial differences in nutrient intakes and in mean plasma concentrations of dietary biomarkers across the study populations. For example, King County participants had the highest daily intake of vitamin C (mean 78.3 +/- 12.2 mg compared with 42.6 +/- 38.3 mg in Shanghai and 34.8 +/- 43.8 mg in Costa Rica). The mean plasma vitamin C level in King County was also the highest of the 3 study sites: 927.9 +/- 43.9 microg/dl in King County, 585.7 +/- 35.9 microg/dl in Shanghai and 461.1 +/- 33.1 microg/dl in Costa Rica. Plasma trans fatty acids (a biomarker of a diet high in hydrogenated fats) were highest in King County and lowest in Shanghai.
OBJECTIVES: To determine the relationships between serum vitamin D metabolites, bone mass, and dietary calcium and phosphorus in a cohort of 510 healthy Danish perimenopausal women. DESIGN: A population-based cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: A total of 510 healthy women aged 45-58 years, with amenorrhoea for 3-24 months. None of the women was using hormone replacement therapy. MEASUREMENTS: Measurements of total bone mineral content and regional bone mineral density were performed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Analyses of serum levels of 25-OHD and 1,25-(OH)2D, intact PTH, ionized calcium and phosphate, as well as biochemical markers of bone turnover in blood and urine. Assessment of calcium and phosphorus intake using dietary records. RESULTS: A consistent inverse relationship between serum 1,25-(OH)2D and bone mineral content/ density was found in whole-body mineral content (P = 0.001), spine (P = 0.005) and femoral neck (P<0.05). There was a positive relationship between levels of 1,25-(OH)2D and biochemical bone markers, indicating that high levels of 1,25-(OH)2D are accompanied by increased bone turnover. The dietary calcium:phosphorus ratio was inversely related to serum 1,25-(OH)2D (P = 0.04) and positively related to bone mineral density (P<0.0005). No relationships could be detected between levels of PTH, serum ionized calcium and phosphate, and serum vitamin D metabolites. CONCLUSION: Within normal physiological range, elevated levels of 1,25-(OH)2D were associated with decreased bone mineral density and content, reduced calcium:phosphorus ratio in the diet and increased bone turnover. 
The objective of this study was to validate two indirect methods for estimating the extent of menstrual blood loss against a reference method to determine which method would be most appropriate for use in a population of young adult women. Thirty-two women aged 18 to 29 years (mean +/- SD; 22.4 +/- 2.8) were recruited by poster in Dunedin (New Zealand). Data are presented for 29 women. A recall method and a record method for estimating extent of menstrual loss were validated against a weighed reference method. Spearman rank correlation coefficients between blood loss assessed by Weighed Menstrual Loss and Menstrual Record was rs = 0.47 (p = 0.012), and between Weighed Menstrual Loss and Menstrual Recall, was rs = 0.61 (p = 0.001). The Record method correctly classified 66% of participants into the same tertile, grossly misclassifying 14%. The Recall method correctly classified 59% of participants, grossly misclassifying 7%. Reference method menstrual loss calculated for surrogate categories demonstrated a significant difference between the second and third tertiles for the Record method, and between the first and third tertiles for the Recall method. The Menstrual Recall method can differentiate between low and high levels of menstrual blood loss in young adult women, is quick to complete and analyse, and has a low participant burden.
OBJECTIVE: To test the validity of a dietary questionnaire which was developed with the particular goal of measuring dietary intake in obese subjects. DESIGN: Reported energy intake was compared with 24 h energy expenditure measured in a chamber for indirect calorimetry (24 EE) and reported nitrogen intake with nitrogen in urine collected during the 24 h in the chamber. SUBJECTS: Twenty-nine overweight men and women, body mass index (BMI) ranging from 25.5 49.5 kg/m2. RESULTS: Reported energy intake correlated significantly with 24 EE (r = 0.50, P = 0.006) and reported urinary nitrogen correlated significantly with urinary nitrogen excretion (r=0.56, P=0.0015). Mean reported energy intake+/-s.d. was 10.2+/-3.6 MJ and mean 24 EEi s.d. was 10.3+/-1.9 MJ. Although this difference was small and non significant, it indicates some underreporting if one can assume that these overweight subjects are less physically active in the chamber than in free-living conditions. Reported nitrogen intake also suggested underreporting at the group level. However, when the data were analysed at the individual level it was clear that the underreporting errors did not increase with increasing degree of obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Previous studies with the SOS dietary questionnaire have demonstrated that it is possible to obtain plausible energy intakes from both obese and nonobese subjects. This present analysis further demonstrates that the questionnaire discriminates overweight subjects with high and low intakes of energy and protein, using unbiased biomarkers to judge validity. These data provide additional support for the usefulness of the SOS dietary questionnaire. 
Changes in intrarenal oxygenation in rats during pharmacological stimuli were evaluated with a multiple gradient-recalled echo (mGRE) sequence. With administration of the loop diuretic furosemide, oxygenation in the medulla improved; acetazolamide, a proximal tubular diuretic, produced no significant change. These results are consistent with our previous studies in humans and resemble earlier studies of medullary oxygenation using oxygen microelectrodes in anesthetized rats. The technique may be useful in the evaluation of therapeutic strategies in animal models of pathophysiological states such as acute renal failure.
BACKGROUND: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a group of naturally occurring fatty acids mainly present in fats from ruminants. CLA has been shown to be a potential anticarcinogen. OBJECTIVE: In this study, the relation between bovine milk fat intake and the occurrence of CLA in human adipose tissue was investigated. DESIGN: One hundred twenty-three men weighed and recorded the foods they consumed for 1 wk. Afterward, recall interviews were conducted by telephone monthly for 7 consecutive months to inquire about food consumption during the previous 24 h. The entire dietary recording procedure was repeated once. The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum was analyzed. RESULTS: The average amount of one isomer of CLA--9-cis,11-trans-octadecadienoic acid (9c,11t-18:2)--as a percentage of total fatty acids was found to be 0.50% in adipose tissue and 0.25% in serum. The amount of 9c,11t-18:2 in adipose tissue was significantly correlated with milk fat intake (r = 0.42). The percentage of 9c,11t-18:2 in both adipose tissue and in serum was strongly correlated with myristoleic acid (14:1). CONCLUSION: The amount of 9c,11t-18:2 in human adipose tissue was significantly related to milk fat intake. 
BACKGROUND: The potential benefits of increasing calcium intake in small children must be balanced with the potential risk to iron utilization from high calcium intakes. OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to evaluate the relation between calcium intake and calcium absorption and iron incorporation into red blood cells. DESIGN: We performed a multitracer, crossover study of the absorption of calcium and red blood cell incorporation of iron in 11 preschool children aged 3-5 y who had been adapted for 5 wk to low- (502 +/- 99 mg) and high- (1180 +/- 117 mg) calcium diets. Stable-isotope studies were performed by using 44Ca and 58Fe given orally with meals and 46Ca given intravenously. RESULTS: Iron incorporation into red blood cells 14 d postdosing was similar (6.9 +/- 4.2% compared with 7.9 +/- 5.5%; NS) with the low- and high-calcium diets, respectively. Total calcium absorption (181 +/- 50 compared with 277 +/- 91 mg/d; P = 0.002) was greater in children with the higher calcium intake. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that small children may benefit from calcium intakes similar to those recommended for older children without adverse effects on dietary iron utilization. 
The authors examined the validity of a self-administered 180-item food frequency questionnaire in 125 Norwegian men aged 20-55 years who filled in the questionnaire and completed 14-day weighed records in fall 1995 to winter 1995/6. Spearman correlation coefficients between the two measurements ranged from 0.42 for percent of energy from fat to 0.66 for sugar intake (median r = 0.51). On average, 39% of the men were classified in the same quartile with the two methods, and 3% in the opposite quartile. Correlation coefficients between intake of fatty acids estimated from the questionnaire and the relative amounts of fatty acids in adipose tissue were: linoleic acid (18:2, n-6), r = 0.38; alpha-linolenic acid (18:3, n-3), r = 0.42; eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5, n-3), r = 0.52; and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6, n-3), r = 0.49. The correlations for these fatty acids between the total serum lipids and the diet were 0.16, 0.28, 0.51 and 0.52, respectively. The data suggest that very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids in adipose tissue and total serum lipids reflect the dietary intake of very-long-chain n-3 fatty acids to the same degree. No associations were observed between intake of alpha-tocopherol and concentration in adipose tissue and serum.
OBJECTIVE: To find out whether the biological marker, carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT), was helpful in the detection of alcoholic patients in a surgical unit. DESIGN: Prospective open study. SETTING: Teaching hospital, Denmark. SUBJECTS: 286 men and 248 women admitted to the department of surgical gastroenterology between March and July 1996. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Specific interview about drinking and correlation with CDT concentration. RESULTS: 31 men (13%) and 10 women (3%) were alcoholic and at special risk of operation. The correlation between intake and CDT:transferrin ratio was 0.63 for men and 0.53 for women. The correlation between consumption and CDT was better, being 0.77 and 0.58, respectively. Younger women had the lowest correlation (0.33). Sensitivity of CDT for men and women was 100% and 80%, respectively; the specificity was 97% and 96%; the positive predictive value 82% and 44%; and the negative predictive value 97% and 99%. CONCLUSION: CDT is a valid marker of harmful alcohol intake among surgical patients, except among younger women. 
BACKGROUND: Green tea contains polyphenolic catechins which can act as antioxidants and thus decrease the risk for cardiovascular diseases. AIM OF THE STUDY: To investigate whether green tea extract differs from placebo in its effects on markers of antioxidant status, lipid peroxidation, nitric oxide production, thromboxane production, and blood coagulation during a controlled high linoleic acid diet in healthy subjects. METHODS: Twenty healthy non-smoking females (23-50 years) participated in a 4-week controlled intervention study. The experimental diet was rich in linoleic acid (9 en%) and contained fat, protein, and carbohydrates: 27, 14, and 59 en%, respectively. In addition, the subjects ingested encapsulated green tea extract (3 g/d) or placebo mixture in a double-blind manner. Fasting blood samples and five 24-hour urines were collected before and at the end of the 4-week experimental period. Same samples were received from 10 control subjects. RESULTS: Green tea extract significantly decreased plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) concentration in comparison with the placebo treatment. The treatments did not differ in serum lipids, indicators of antioxidant status, urinary 8-isoprostaglandin F2 alpha, 2,3-dinorthromboxane B2, nitric oxide metabolites or coagulation indicators. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that an amount of green tea extract which corresponds to 10 cups of tea per day for 4 weeks does not have specific effects on several indicators related to risk of cardiovascular diseases in comparison with placebo treatment. The relatively small but significant decrease in lipid peroxidation indicated by decreased plasma MDA was not associated with changes in markers of oxidative stress (urinary 8-isoprostaglandin F2 alpha and blood oxidized glutathione) or hemostasis. 
The concentrations of tocopherols and carotenoids are lowered in umbilical cord blood plasma, which may have a negative effect on antioxidant protection in neonates. Smoking may adversely affect dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of carotenoids. The dietary intakes of vitamin E and beta-carotene were assessed in 66 pregnant women (31 smokers and 35 non-smokers) between 10 and 20 weeks gestation using a food frequency questionnaire. The concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene were measured in maternal plasma at the time of the dietary assessment, and in the matched umbilical cords of their newborn after delivery. In smoking and non-smoking mothers, the mean intakes of vitamin E (9.3 [SD 5] and 8.2 [SD 5] mgd-1) and beta-carotene (3464 [SD 1885] and 2977 [SD 1503] micrograms d-1) were not significantly different. The plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol (20.8 [SD 4] and 20.5 [SD 4] mumol L-1), the alpha-tocopherol to lipid ratios (3.2 [SD 0.8] and 3.5 [SD 0.8]) and the plasma concentrations of beta-carotene (0.22 [SD 0.1] and 0.22 [SD 0.1] mumol L-1) were not significantly different in smoking and non-smoking mothers. There were no significant differences in plasma alpha-tocopherol (7.4 [SD 2] and 7.3 [SD 2] mumol L-1), in alpha-tocopherol to lipid ratios (3.2 [SD 0.6] and 2.8 [SD 0.6]) or in beta-carotene concentrations (0.05 [SD 0.04] and 0.03 [SD 0.02] mumol L-1) in cords from newborns of smoking and non-smoking mothers. There was a significant correlation (r = 0.41, P = 0.015) between dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of beta-carotene in non-smoking mothers. However, this relationship was not significant in smoking mothers (r = 0.28, P = 0.12). There were no relationships between dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of tocopherol. These results indicate that smoking during pregnancy does not appear to affect the dietary intakes or plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene in pregnant women or their babies. However, smoking does influence the relationship between dietary intakes and plasma levels of beta-carotene.
OBJECTIVE: To assess whether nutritionally-relevant changes in polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake alter indices of oxidative stress in human volunteers DESIGN: A split plot/change over dietary study where half the volunteers consumed a diet containing 5% PUFA (low PUFA) as food energy for 4 weeks and after a 6 week washout period consumed a 15% PUFA (high PUFA) diet for another 4 weeks. The second group of volunteers completed this protocol in reverse. Total fat, carbohydrate, protein and vitamin E contents of the diets were constant. SUBJECTS: 10 healthy, non-smoking, male volunteers aged 32.6 +/- 1.7 y RESULTS: There was a significant increase in whole blood oxidised glutathione (P < 0.05), an index of oxidative stress, after consumption of the high PUFA diet. Moreover, urinary thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS), an index of lipid peroxidation, significantly increased (P = 0.038) following consumption of the high PUFA diet and decreased (P = 0.031) after consuming the low PUFA diet. However, there was no change in non specific plasma indices of lipid peroxidation, conjugated dienes and TBARS, nor in red cell antioxidant enzymes glutathione peroxidase, glutathione reductase, and catalase. However, superoxide dismutase significantly decreased (13%, P=0.018) after consumption of the low PUFA diet. Total cholesterol increased by 13% (P=0.014) after consumption of the low PUFA diet. CONCLUSIONS: This study indicates that although increasing dietary levels of PUFA may favourably alter cholesterol profiles, the same dietary changes may adversely affect some indices of lipid peroxidation. Care should be taken when providing dietary advice on PUFA intake and an adequate intake of antioxidants to match any increased PUFA may be important for preventing oxidative stress. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine dietary carotenoid concentrations using an established and newly developed food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) method, to determine plasma carotenoid concentrations and to determine the relationship between these dietary and plasma variables in 24-45 y and > or = 65 y groups. DESIGN: Descriptive assessment of (FFQ), 7-d estimated records, and plasma carotenoids and their relationships in 24-45 y and > or = 65 y groups. SETTING: Free living urban adults in Ireland. SUBJECTS: Sixty-four volunteers aged 24-45 y and 54 volunteers aged > or = 65 y. RESULTS: Beta-carotene was the predominant plasma carotenoid, but older groups had lower plasma concentrations of several carotenoids compared to younger groups (P < 0.005). Beta-carotene and lycopene were the major dietary carotenoids reported by estimated records and FFQ. Several estimated record and plasma carotenoid concentrations were positively associated in younger groups but not in older groups. FFQ overestimated dietary carotenoids relative to estimated records (P < or = 0.05), generally did not reflect estimated record carotenoid concentrations and showed positive associations with plasma carotenoids only in older men. Neither of the dietary methods revealed a positive association between plasma and dietary beta-carotene concentrations, whereas beta-cryptoxanthin was strongly associated. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary and plasma concentrations of individual carotenoids are documented in young and elderly groups of a European country. Estimated record data reveals positive associations between diet and plasma carotenoids in younger, but not elderly groups. Further work examining diet-plasma relationship in older groups and developing a common FFQ suitable for use in several European countries is required. 
Our aim was to define any effects of confirmed garlic supplementation on the resistance of low density lipoprotein (LDL) to oxidation, on LDL sub-fraction composition including levels of lipoprotein(a), and on levels of circulating antibody to oxidised LDL, variables of interest in relation to cardiovascular risk. Additional tests were performed on samples collected from a double blind, randomised 6-month parallel trial in which 900 mg Kwai garlic or placebo was taken by moderately hypercholesterolaemic volunteers. Final data was analysed for 20 garlic and 11 placebo subjects with compliance of at least 75% as determined by repeat tablet counting. EDTA plasma stabilised by sucrose was stored at -70 degrees C for up to 12 months. Lipids and apolipoproteins were determined by standard methods, lipoprotein(a) by an ELISA method and LDL fraction composition by non-gradient gel electrophoresis. Oxidative resistance of LDL purified after isolation by density gradient centrifugation was assessed from oxidative resistance to copper ions determined spectrophotometrically, antibodies to oxidised LDL were determined by a microtitre plate assay and vitamin E content of plasma by HPLC. Overall lipid/lipoprotein profiles including lipoprotein(a) were unchanged as with the parent group. LDL composition showed a trend to less dense material in both placebo and garlic groups, all differences not significant. Lag time as a marker of oxidative resistance also increased in both groups, without change in vitamin E content, all differences not significant and consistent with a placebo effect. Levels of antibodies to oxidised LDL were unchanged. The results of this study do not support the hypothesis that dietary garlic supplementation decreases the susceptibility of isolated LDL to oxidation and that patterns of LDL tractions in plasma might be involved. Levels of lipoprotein(a) in plasma were also not changed. Other mechanisms of cardiovascular benefit are however not excluded.
BACKGROUND: The validation of dietary assessment instruments is critical in the evaluation of diet as a chronic disease risk factor. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the validity of a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire by comparison with dietary recall, urinary nitrogen excretion, and total energy expenditure data. DESIGN: Over a 1-y period, data from twelve 24-h dietary recalls, a food-frequency questionnaire, and four 24-h urine samples were obtained from 134 study participants of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) Study in Potsdam, Germany. In a substudy of 28 participants, total energy expenditure from doubly labeled water measurements was assessed. RESULTS: Energy-adjusted, deattenuated correlation coefficients between the questionnaire and the recalls ranged from 0.54 for dietary fiber to 0.86 for alcohol. Cross-classification of quintiles of nutrient intakes from the questionnaire and recalls indicated severe misclassification to be <4%. Reported protein intake correlated with estimated protein excretion (r = 0.46). Energy intake and total energy expenditure were also significantly correlated (r = 0.48); however, all but one subject underreported their energy intake. The magnitude of underreporting varied considerably, by 22% on average, and increased slightly with increasing energy intake. A similar pattern of underreporting was observed when energy intakes from the 24-h dietary recalls were compared with total energy expenditure. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate an acceptable relative validity of the food-frequency questionnaire in this study population. Compared with measurements of total energy expenditure and protein excretion, however, only moderate agreement with both the food-frequency questionnaire and the 24-h dietary recalls was observed. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the habitual salt intake of individuals living in the Cte d'Ivoire, and to monitor the iodine nutrition of adults, schoolchildren and pregnant women one year after implementation of a universal salt iodisation programme. DESIGN: A three day weighed food records with estimation of food intake from a shared bowl based on changes on body weight, determination of sodium and iodine concentrations in 24 h (24 h) urine samples from adults, and determination of urinary iodine in spot urines from schoolchildren and pregnant women. SETTING: A large coastal city (Abidjan) and a cluster of inland villages in the northern savannah region of the Cte d'Ivoire. SUBJECTS: For the food records: 188 subjects (children and adults) in the northern villages; for the 24 h urine collections: 52 adults in Abidjan and 51 adults in the northern villages; for the spot urine collections: 110 children and 72 pregnant women in Abidjan and 104 children and 66 pregnant women in the north. MAIN RESULTS: From the food survey data in the north, the total mean salt intake (s.d.) of all age groups and the adults was estimated to be 5.7 g/d (+/- 3.0), and 6.8 g/d (+/- 3.2), respectively. In the 24 h urine samples from adults, the mean sodium excretion was 2.9 g/d (+/- 1.9) in the north and 3.0 g/d (+/- 1.3) in Abidjan, corresponding to an intake of 7.3-7.5 g/d of sodium chloride. In the north the median 24 h urinary iodine excretion in adults was 163 microg/d, and the median urinary iodine in spot urines from children and pregnant women was 263 microg/l and 133 microg/l, respectively. In contrast, in Abidjan the median 24 h urinary iodine was 442 microg/d, with 40% of the subjects excreting > 500 microg/d, and the median urinary iodine in spot urines from children and pregnant women was 488 microg/l and 364 microg/l, respectively. Nearly half of the children in Abidjan and 32% of the pregnant women were excreting > 500 microg/l. CONCLUSION: Based on the estimates of salt intake in this study, an optimal iodine level for salt (at the point of consumption) would be 30 ppm. Therefore the current goals for the iodised salt programme--30-50 ppm iodine appear to be appropriate. However, in adults, children and pregnant women from Abidjan, high urinary iodine levels--levels potentially associated with increased risk of iodine-induced hyperthyroidism--are common. These results suggest an urgent need for improved monitoring and surveillance of the current salt iodisation programme in the Cte d'Ivoire. 
OBJECTIVES: To determine the patterns and possible explanations for gender differences in food choices, nutrient intakes and status indices, especially for micronutrients, in a representative sample of older people living in Britain, who participated in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over during 1994-95. DESIGN: The Survey procedures included a health-and-lifestyle interview, a four-day weighed diet record, anthropometric measurements and a fasting blood sample for biochemical indices. SETTING: Eighty randomly-selected postcode sectors from mainland Britain. SUBJECTS: Of 1556 older people not living in institutions who were interviewed, 80% agreed to provide a complete four-day diet record and 63% agreed to give a blood sample for status index measurements. INTERVENTIONS: None. MAIN RESULT: The most highly significant gender differences in food choices were that women ate more butter, full-fat milk and certain beverages, cakes, apples, pears and bananas, whereas men ate more eggs, sugar, certain meat products and drank more alcoholic drinks, especially beer and lager. When adjusted for energy intakes, the younger women (65-79 y) had higher intakes than the younger men, of fat, retinol, vitamin C and calcium. The older women (80+ y) had higher intakes than older men, of fat and vitamin E, but lower intakes of protein, zinc and beta-carotene. The younger women had better status indices than the younger men: for alpha- and beta-carotenes, beta-cryptoxanthin and vitamin C. Women had higher plasma concentrations of cholesterol and HDL cholesterol, phosphate and copper, but lower indices of iron and vitamin D status, than men. These gender differences in status were not altered by inclusion of the corresponding nutrient intakes in the model. CONCLUSIONS: There are gender differences in food choices, in energy and nutrient intakes and in nutritional blood status indices in older British people, especially those aged 65-79 y. Some of the status differences are attenuated in the age group of 80 y and older, whereas others are enhanced. The relationships between the quantity and type of foods or nutrients consumed, and nutrient status, are complex. With respect to suspected risk and protective factors for vascular disease, women aged 65-79 y had significantly better status for plasma alpha- and beta-carotene, ascorbate, HDL-cholesterol and homocysteine; but, in contrast, they had lower blood haemoglobin concentrations and higher concentrations of total and non-HDL-cholesterol. 
The study was conducted to examine the validity of urinary cadmium (Cd) and lead (Pb) in comparison with the metals in blood as a biological marker of non-occupational exposure of general populations. Participants in four survey sites in Korea (107 non-smoking Korean women aged 30-49 years) offered peripheral blood, morning spot urine, and 24-h total food duplicate samples. Analysis of Cd and Pb was accomplished by graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrophotometry. The analyse levels were evaluated on an individual basis (n = 107) and also on a survey site basis, i.e. in terms of geometric means for the groups in the survey sites (n = 4). Cd in urine (as observed, or after correction for creatinine concentration or a specific gravity) correlated with Cd in blood on an individual as well as survey site basis, and tended to correlate with Cd in food duplicates on the survey site basis. Correlation of Pb in urine with Pb in blood was weaker than that of Cd in urine with Cd in blood both on the individual and survey site basis. Pb in urine correlated with Pb in food duplicates either weakly or even negatively when examined on a survey site basis. It was concluded that Cd in urine can be most probably employed as a biological marker of environmental Cd exposure of general population, whereas less support was obtained for Pb in urine as an exposure marker.
A total of 510 isolates of Micrococcaceae, 500 of staphylococci and 10 micrococci, detected in 485 (3.3%) of 14,860 consecutive blood cultures obtained from patients at a Swedish university hospital and 2 local hospitals were identified to species level and investigated for antibiotic susceptibility. The 5 most frequently isolated species were Staphylococcus epidermidis (54.8%), S. aureus (28.0%), S. hominis (3.4%), S. warneri (3.2%) and S. haemolyticus (2.8%). All isolates of S. aureus were oxacillin sensitive. Great diversity in antibiotic resistance among coagulase negative staphylococci between hospitals and different ward units in the university hospital was observed. The frequency of antimicrobial resistance among S. epidermidis correlated with the antibiotic consumption at different ward units, in particular for ciprofloxacin (p < 0.001) and co-trimoxazole (p < 0.004). The study emphasizes the importance of monitoring antibiotic consumption and resistance patterns of nosocomial staphylococci in order to avoid emergence and spread of multi-resistant bacteria within the hospital environment.
A decline in dietary intake due to inactivity and, consequently, development of a suboptimal nutritional status is a major problem in frail elderly people. However, benefits of micronutrient supplementation, all-round physical exercise or a combination of both on functional biochemical and hematologic indicators of nutritional and health status in frail elderly subjects have not been tested thoroughly. A 17-wk randomized controlled trial was performed in 145 free-living frail elderly people (43 men, 102 women, mean age, 78 +/- 5.7 y). Based on a 2 x 2 factorial design, subjects were assigned to one of the following: 1) nutrient-dense foods, 2) exercise, 3) both (1) and (2) or 4) a control group. Foods were enriched with micronutrients, frequently characterized as deficient [25-100% of the recommended daily allowance (RDA)] in elderly people. Exercises focused on skill training, including strength, endurance, coordination and flexibility. Dietary intake, blood vitamin levels and nutritional and health indicators, including (pre)albumin, ferritin, transferrin, C-reactive protein, hemoglobin and lymphocytes were measured. At baseline, 28% of the total population had an energy intake below 6.3 MJ, up to a maximum of 93% having vitamin intakes below two thirds of the Dutch RDA. Individual deficiencies in blood at baseline ranged from 3% for erythrocyte glutathione reductase-alpha to 39% for 25-hydroxy vitamin D and 42% for vitamin B-12. These were corrected after 17 wk in the two groups receiving the nutrient-dense foods, whereas no significant changes were observed in the control or exercise group. Biochemical and hematologic indicators at baseline were within the reference ranges (mean albumin, 46 g/L; prealbumin, 0.25 g/L; hemoglobin, 8.6 mmol/L) and were not affected by any of the interventions. The long-term protective effects of nutrient supplementation and exercise, by maintaining optimal nutrient levels and thereby reducing the initial chance of developing critical biochemical values, require further investigation. Other indicative functional variables for suboptimal nutritional status, in addition to those currently selected, should also be explored.
This study, conducted in the Netherlands in 1994-1996, assessed the reproducibility, validity, and responsiveness of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) used with older subjects with type 2 diabetes. During a period of 6 months, 93 subjects had a stable protein intake according to their urinary urea excretion (UUE). An FFQ was completed before and after this period. Reproducibility was evaluated on the basis of the correlation (0.80) between duplicate FFQ estimates of protein intake. At the group level, the smallest detectable difference was 3 g. For 354 subjects, average protein intake according to the FFQ was similar to that from UUE estimates. Validity was evaluated on the basis of the crude and deattenuated correlations, which were 0.31 and 0.39, respectively. The crude correlation was highest for former smokers (r = 0.39) and for patients with a higher body mass index (r = 0.37), and it was very low for current smokers (r = 0.14, p > 0.20). The correlation did not vary with age or gender. Responsiveness was judged on the crude correlation between changes in intake according to the FFQ and UUE; the correlation was 0.22 (n = 134). The responsiveness ratio was 0.73. The authors concluded that FFQ estimates are well reproducible. At the group level, protein intake was estimated correctly, whereas individual protein intake and changes in intake were reflected to a moderate extent only.
BACKGROUND: Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin has been described as a sensitive and specific marker for alcohol consumption. This study investigated the usefulness of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin as a marker of alcohol consumption in acute alcoholic hepatitis. METHODS: Absolute concentrations (U/I) and relative values (%) of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin determined in serum with commercial assays, as well as conventional markers for alcohol consumption, were compared with the alcohol consumption (as estimated by a questionnaire) in patients with acute alcoholic hepatitis (n = 19), alcoholic liver cirrhosis (n = 37), and nonalcoholic liver diseases (n = 16). RESULTS: The concentration of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin was increased (p < 0.001) in nonabstaining patients (median intake 80 g alcohol/day) with alcoholic liver cirrhosis (45.7 +/- 30 U/l), but not in patients with acute alcoholic hepatitis (20.0 +/- 7.8 U/l) despite higher alcohol consumption (median 130 g/d), nor in abstainers with alcoholic liver cirrhosis (19.4 +/- 6.0 U/l) or nonalcoholic liver disease (18.5 +/- 6.7 U/l). However, the relative values of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin were increased both in acute alcoholic hepatitis (7.9 +/- 2.1%) and nonabstainers with alcoholic liver cirrhosis (7.4 +/- 2.8%), but not in abstainers with alcoholic liver cirrhosis (4.6 +/- 3.5%) or nonalcoholic liver disease (3.8 +/- 0.9%) (p < 0.001). In acute alcoholic hepatitis, the sensitivity and specificity were only 32% and 87% for absolute concentrations, respectively, but 79% and 97% for relative values of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin. The concentrations of carbohydrate-deficient and total transferrin in serum were strongly correlated (r = 0.60; p = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS: The relative value (% of total), but not the absolute concentration, of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin in serum is a useful marker of alcohol consumption in acute alcoholic hepatitis. 
Noradrenaline-dependent brown adipose tissue (BAT) thermogenesis is activated by the cold and excess energy intake, largely depends on the activity of the uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1), and is mediated mainly through the beta3-adrenoceptor (beta3-AR). We investigated the expression of ucp2, a gene that encodes a putative UCP1-like uncoupling protein, along with that of ucp1 and beta3-ar, in the interscapular BAT (IBAT) of male and female rats chronically fed a cafeteria diet. After 3 months on this diet, male rats attained a 34% excess body mass and showed IBAT hypertrophy and increased IBAT thermogenic potential, in terms of both UCP1 and UCP2 mRNA expression (both by 1.6-fold), UCP1 protein expression (by 1.75-fold) and GDP binding to IBAT mitochondria (by 2.2-fold); female rats attained a larger excess body weight (50%) and their IBAT, although hypertrophied, showed no signs of increased thermogenic potential per gram of tissue. Interestingly, the IBAT of female rats was already activated compared to males. Treatment of mouse brown adipocytes in primary culture with noradrenaline also triggered a dose-dependent increase of the levels of UCP1 mRNA and UCP2 mRNA. Retroregulatory down-regulation of the beta3-AR mRNA levels was found in the two models used. The results support a physiological role for UCP2, along with UCP1, in rodent BAT thermogenesis.
In spring and autumn of 1994 duplicates of 24-h diets were collected from 123 respondents. One of the goals of this study was to determine the amount of nitrite and nitrate in the duplicates of 24-h diets to establish the oral daily intake of these analytes. For this purpose an HPIC/UV method for the determination of nitrate and nitrite in duplicate diets was developed and validated. The sample preparation procedure was derived from the in-house method used for the determination of nitrate and nitrite in human blood plasma. The sample is diluted with water, deproteinized with Carrez reagent, followed by chromatographic clean-up on an SPE C18-column. Both the nitrate and the nitrite results are quantitative. The recovery for nitrite was on average 104% (n = 21, spiking levels: 0.84-95 mg/kg) and for nitrate on average 103% (N = 21, spiking levels: 1.8-404 mg/kg). Samples of duplicates of 24-h diets were analysed according to the method developed. The median intake of nitrite calculated from the samples collected in spring 1994 was 0.6 mg/person day (range < 0.1-6.1 mg/person/day). For the samples collected in autumn 1994 these figures were < 0.2 mg/person/day (range < 0.1-16 mg/person/day). The mean intake of nitrate was 73 mg/person/day (range 7-322 mg/person/day) in spring 1994 and 87 mg/person/day (range 1-310 mg/person/day) in autumn 1994. The overall mean intake of nitrate in 1994 was 80 mg/person/day. The daily intake for nitrate was higher than that found in the duplicate diet study carried out in 1984/1985, when an average daily intake of 52 mg/person was measured. The intake of nitrite was also higher than found in the duplicate diets collected in 1984/1985. The findings of the study are discussed in the context of the ADI for nitrate and nitrite as well as the outcome of other recent European intake studies.
We investigated predictors of change in plasma carotenoids from baseline to 3 y and examined plasma carotenoid concentrations at 1 and 3 y in response to a high vegetable diet. Participants were 56 women diagnosed with breast cancer and enrolled in a randomized feasibility study for a trial examining the effect of a diet high in vegetables and fruits on the risk of breast cancer recurrence. Independent t test analysis revealed that the intervention group had significantly higher vegetable and fruit servings and fiber at 12 mo and significantly higher vegetable servings at 36 mo compared with the control group (P < 0.05). Energy intake from fat was significantly lower in the intervention group at 12 and 36 mo. The intervention group had significantly higher consumption of beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, lutein and beta-cryptoxanthin at 12 mo (P < 0.05). beta-Carotene, alpha-carotene and lutein intakes also were significantly higher at 36 mo (P < 0.05). At 36 mo, the intervention group had significantly higher plasma concentrations of alpha-carotene and beta-carotene compared with the control group. Repeated-measures ANOVA revealed that the intervention group had significantly increased (P < 0.05 with Bonferroni correction) plasma beta-carotene, alpha-carotene, lutein and lycopene concentrations at 12 and 36 mo compared with baseline. Baseline carotenoid concentrations were significantly inversely predictive (P < 0.05) of plasma carotenoid change. In addition, change in body mass index (BMI) and plasma cholesterol concentrations were predictive of plasma carotenoid change from baseline to 3 y. Results of this study demonstrate that change in plasma carotenoid concentrations is associated with change in BMI, change in plasma cholesterol and baseline carotenoid concentrations. Plasma carotenoid response can be an indicator of long-term high vegetable intake for women at risk of breast cancer recurrence.
The goal of this study was to test the hypothesis that increased consumption of vegetables and fruit would reduce markers of oxidative cellular damage that can be assessed in blood or urine. Twenty-eight women participated in a 14 day dietary intervention. The primary end-points assessed were: 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) in DNA isolated from peripheral lymphocytes, determined by HPLC with electrochemical detection; 8-OHdG excreted in urine, measured by ELISA; malondialdehyde (MDA) in urine, measured by fluorimetric detection following derivatization with thiobarituric acid and separation via HPLC; urinary 8-isoprostane F-2alpha (8-EPG) detected by ELISA. Pre- and post-intervention plasma levels of selected carotenoids were determined by HPLC. Subjects were free living and consumed a completely defined recipe-based diet that increased their average daily consumption of vegetables and fruit from 5.8 servings at baseline to 12.0 servings throughout the intervention. Overall, the level of 8-OHdG in DNA isolated from lymphocytes and in urine and the level of 8-EPG in urine were reduced by the intervention, whereas urine concentrations of MDA were minimally affected. The reduction in lymphocyte 8-OHdG was greater in magnitude (32 versus 5%) in individuals with lower average pre-intervention levels of plasma alpha-carotene (56 ng/ml) than in individuals with higher average pre-intervention plasma levels of alpha-carotene (148 ng/ml). The results of this study indicate that consumption of a diet that significantly increased vegetable and fruit intake from a diverse number of botanical families resulted in significant reductions in markers of oxidative cellular damage to DNA and lipids.
Exogenous oxidized cholesterol disturbs both lipid metabolism and immune functions. Therefore, it may perturb these modulations with ageing. Effects of the dietary protein type on oxidized cholesterol-induced modulations of age-related changes in lipid metabolism and immune function was examined using differently aged (4 weeks versus 8 months) male Sprague-Dawley rats when casein, soybean protein or milk whey protein isolate (WPI) was the dietary protein source, respectively. The rats were given one of the three proteins in diet containing 0.2% oxidized cholesterols mixture. Soybean protein, as compared with the other two proteins, significantly lowered both the serum thiobarbituric acid reactive substances value and cholesterol, whereas it elevated the ratio of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol/cholesterol in young rats, but not in adult. Moreover, soybean protein, but not casein and WPI, suppressed the elevation of Delta6 desaturation indices of phospholipids in both liver and spleen, particularly in young. On the other hand, WPI, compared to the other two proteins, inhibited the leukotriene B4 production of spleen, irrespective of age. Soybean protein reduced the ratio of CD4(+)/CD8(+) T-cells in splenic lymphocytes. Therefore, the levels of immunoglobulin (Ig)A, IgE and IgG in serum were lowered in rats given soybean protein in both age groups except for IgA in adult, although these observations were not shown in rats given other proteins. Thus, various perturbations of lipid metabolism and immune function caused by oxidized cholesterol were modified depending on the type of dietary protein. The moderation by soybean protein on the change of lipid metabolism seems to be susceptible in young rats whose homeostatic ability is immature. These observations may be exerted through both the promotion of oxidized cholesterol excretion to feces and the change of hormonal release, while WPI may suppress the disturbance of immune function by oxidized cholesterol in both ages. This alleviation may be associated with a large amount of lactoglobulin in WPI. These results thus showed a possibility that oxidized cholesterol-induced perturbations of age-related changes of lipid metabolism and immune function can be moderated by both the selection and combination of dietary protein.
OBJECTIVE: To study the relationship between the oral intake of inositol hexakisphosphate (InsP6, phytic acid, an inhibitor of urinary crystallization) and its urinary excretion, to establish their possible mutual influence. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two groups of male Wistar rats (six animals each) received either; tap water and normal rat food pellets (controls); or a liquid diet in which InsP6 was absent and which then received gradually increasing amounts of InsP6. The urinary levels of InsP6 were then assessed regularly in both groups. RESULTS: When InsP6 was absent from the diet, urinary excretion declined to undetectable levels after 22 days. The addition of increasing amounts of InsP6 to the liquid diet caused an increase in its urinary excretion after about 10 days. Adding InsP6 in amounts > 425 mg/L caused no further increases in urinary excretion. Adding inositol (with no InsP6) to the liquid diet caused only a slight increase in the urinary excretion of InsP6. CONCLUSION: These results showed that InsP6 urinary levels were related to its oral intake; consequently, a low consumption of InsP6 would cause a urinary deficit of this crystallization inhibitor and thus an increase in the risk of developing urinary calcium stones. Although urinary excretion was dose-dependent, there was an ingested amount (20.9 mg/kg) above which there was no increase in the amount excreted. This intake is easily obtained by consuming a normal diet (rich in InsP6) indicating that to maintain appropriate urinary levels of InsP6, the consumption of InsP6 supplements is only necessary when the diet is particularly poor in InsP6. 
Few studies have examined the association between specific sources of protein and blood lipids in a national sample of adults. We examined this relationship in a sample of adults 20 years and older who participated in phase 1 (1988-91) of the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, a representative sample of the United States non-institutionalized population. After excluding those participants who reported having been told they had high blood cholesterol concentrations, the final sample size was 6228. Mean intakes of different sources of proteins, as a percentage of total protein, were compared in quartiles of blood lipids. Intakes were adjusted for age, sex and race. Additional adjustments were made for other dietary variables, recall day, BMI, smoking, and income. We observed a lower percentage meat, fish and poultry (MFP) protein intake, including a lower percentage of beef and pork protein, among persons in the lowest quartile of serum total cholesterol and apolipoprotein B (ApoB) concentrations than among persons in the higher quartiles. The percentage of plant protein intake was higher in the lowest quartile than in the highest quartile of serum cholesterol. We also observed a higher percentage of fruit protein intake with lower serum cholesterol and ApoB concentrations. We conclude that in this cross-sectional sample, consumption of MFP proteins was consistently higher among persons with higher cholesterol concentrations while consumption of plant proteins was consistently higher among persons with lower cholesterol concentrations. Our findings support the importance of assessing intake of specific protein sources, especially in studies that address dietary intake in relation to blood lipids.
BACKGROUND: The patterns of total alcohol, beer and wine consumption were evaluated in the German National Health Surveys. The impact of these habits on cardiovascular and all-cause mortality as well as cardiovascular risk factors and liver disease parameters was estimated. METHODS: Independent representative samples of the German population (15,400 people), and regional samples of the Berlin-Spandau population (2,370 in total), aged 25-69 years, were analysed. The amount and frequency of alcohol consumption was assessed with standardized questionnaires. Biochemical analyses included serum lipids and gamma-glutamyl-transpeptidase (Gamma GT). Multiple analyses of variance were used to determine the relationship between alcohol intake and biochemical parameters. A mortality follow-up of about 7 years was conducted for the Berlin-Spandau population. Proportional hazard models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HR) for all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. RESULTS: Over 80% of men and 55% of women in Germany drink alcohol on a regular base. The majority of the consumers (65% of men, 87% of women) are light (1-20 g/day) or moderate (21-40 g/day) drinkers. Higher serum high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and Gamma GT levels were observed with increasing alcohol intake. In light and moderate drinkers no significant relationship was seen with non-HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure and body mass index, compared to teetotallers. Men who consumed 1-20 g alcohol/day had a significantly lower all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. As compared to nondrinkers, the risk was almost 50% lower. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that light (and possibly moderate) alcohol consumption reduces the risk of cardiovascular and total mortality risk and is favourably related to HDL-cholesterol. 
We investigated the effect of wheat bran on biochemical indicators of Ca and bone metabolism in nineteen healthy women, aged 25.5 (SE 0.9) years. Subjects received six wheat bran biscuits or six white flour biscuits per day for a period of 4 weeks (crossover). Wheat bran consumption increased fibre intake from 17.7 (SE 1.3) to 29.6 (SE 1.3) g/d (7 d food record) and enhanced P intake from 1225 (SE 59) mg/d to 1663 (SE 65) mg/d; P < 0.001. Mean daily Ca intake during wheat bran consumption (1110 (SE 82) mg/d) significantly (P = 0.008) exceeded Ca ingestion during the white flour period (955 (SE 67) mg/d). Wheat bran increased the number of defecations per week from 7.9 (SE 0.8) to 12.2 (SE 1.4) (P = 0.0018). Urinary Ca excretion over 24 h significantly (P = 0.021) decreased from 473 (SE 53) mumol/mmol creatinine (control period) to 339 (SE 37) mumol/mmol creatinine (wheat bran period). Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, 2 h fasting urinary Ca/creatinine excretions and 24 h urinary P excretion remained constant. No differences in serum levels of carboxy-terminal propeptide of type I procollagen (biomarker of bone formation) or in 2 h fasting urinary hydroxyproline/creatinine excretions (biomarker of bone resorption) were observed at the end of the two cycles of dietary supplementation. We conclude that a high fibre intake of approximately 30 g/d has no significant adverse effects on bone turnover in subjects with Ca intakes above 1000 mg/d and that the reduction in 24 h urinary Ca excretion is most probably the result of an adaptation process, induced by a decrease in net absorbed Ca.
In a study of the impact of aspartame, fat, and carbohydrate on appetite, we monitored blood glucose continuously for 431 (SE 16) min. Ten healthy males (19-31 years) participated in three time-blinded visits. As blood glucose was monitored, appetite ratings were scored at randomized times. On the first meal initiation, volunteers consumed one of three isovolumetric drinks (aspartame, 1 MJ simple carbohydrate, and 1 MJ high-fat; randomized order). High-fat and high-carbohydrate foods were available ad libitum subsequently. Blood glucose patterns following the carbohydrate drink (+1.78 (SE 0.28) mmol/l in 38 (SE 3) min) and high-fat drink (+0.83 (SE 0.28) mmol/l in 49 (SE 6) min) were predictive of the next intermeal interval (R 0.64 and R 0.97 respectively). Aspartame ingestion was followed by blood glucose declines (40% of subjects), increases (20%), or stability (40%). These patterns were related to the volunteers' perception of sweetness of the drink (R 0.81, P = 0.014), and were predictive of subsequent intakes (R -0.71, P = 0.048). For all drinks combined, declines in blood glucose and meal initiation were significantly associated (chi 2 16.8, P < 0.001), the duration of blood glucose responses and intermeal intervals correlated significantly (R 0.715, P = 0.0001), and sweetness perception correlated negatively with hunger suppression (R -0.471, P = 0.015). Effects of fat, carbohydrate, and aspartame on meal initiation, meal size, and intermeal interval relate to blood glucose patterns. Varied blood glucose responses after aspartame support the controversy over its effects, and may relate to sweetness perception.
We investigated whether the blood spot thyrotropin (TSH) method was adequate for screening elderly subjects with abundant iodine intake (median excretion 330 microg/g creatinine) for hypothyroidism. In 97 healthy adults (group A), 210 nursing home residents (group B) and 265 elderly subjects living at home (group C) serum (sensitivity < 0.02 mU/L, cost 1.2 U.S. dollars [USD]) and blood spot TSH (sensitivity < 1.0 mU/L, cost 0.4 USD) were measured, and the sensitivity and specificity of different blood spot TSH cutoff points to detect cases with elevated serum TSH were calculated. Elevated (> 3.5 mU/L) serum TSH levels (group A, 6.2%; group B, 16.2%; group C, 22.3%; B > A, p = 0.025; C > A, p < 0.001) were detected with the required sensitivity of greater than 0.9 only if the cutoff point of the blood spot TSH was set as low as 2.5 mU/L, but this led to a considerable loss of specificity. At cutoff point 2.5 mU/L, the rate of positivity was 39.3% and the cost of blood spot screening/person increased to 0.88 USD, considering that positive cases have to be rechecked by serum TSH to exclude false positivity. Cases with significantly elevated (> 10.0 mU/L) serum TSH (group A, 1.03%; group B, 2.85%; group C, 2.20%) were detected at blood spot cutoff points 10.0-4.0 mU/L with a sensitivity of 1.0 and without considerable loss of specificity. We conclude that while screening for hypothyroidism in the elderly population with abundant iodine intake is justified by the high prevalence of elevated ultrasensitive serum TSH values, the sensitivity of the blood spot method is insufficient to detect the subclinical hypothyroidism accurately and would, therefore, fail to detect most affected subjects.
BACKGROUND: Zinc is an essential trace element for human health and well-being; however, methods currently available for the assessment of zinc status in humans are unsatisfactory. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to critically evaluate the use of various indicators of zinc status in humans in a controlled metabolic ward study. DESIGN: Indicators of zinc status were measured in 25 healthy postmenopausal women aged 64.9 +/- 6.7 y. After a 10-d equilibration period, volunteers consumed a diet with either a low (1 mg/d; n = 12) or a high (3 mg/d; n = 13) copper content based on a total energy content of 8.4 MJ. They received the same amount of copper throughout the study. Both groups were fed the basal diet (3 mg Zn/d) with no zinc supplement for one 90-d period, and the diet supplemented with 50 mg Zn/d for another 90-d period. RESULTS: Zinc supplementation significantly increased (P < 0.0001) extracellular but not erythrocyte superoxide dismutase activity. This increase was more apparent when subjects were fed the low-copper diet. Zinc supplementation in combination with the low-copper diet significantly decreased (P < 0.01) amyloid precursor protein expression in platelets. Other indicators of zinc status that were significantly elevated after zinc supplementation were as follows: plasma zinc and free thyroxine concentrations and mononuclear 5'-nucleotidase activity. CONCLUSION: The measurement of serum extracellular superoxide dismutase activity may be useful as a marker for the functional assessment of zinc status in humans. 
A marker with a specific time spectrum of detection and both high sensitivity and specificity is required to diminish the clinically as well as forensically important gap on the time axis between short- and long-term markers of alcohol consumption like ethanol and CDT, GGT or MCV, respectively. Ethyl glucuronide (EtG) is a non-volatile, water-soluble, stable upon storage, direct metabolite of ethanol with a molecular weight of 222 g/mol that can be detected in body fluids for an extended time period after the complete elimination of alcohol from the body. We investigated 107 urine and 78 serum samples of a total of 107 inpatients in 4 groups: (1) 33 inpatients in acute alcohol withdrawal and long term treatment; (2/3) 29 and 15 addicted forensic psychiatric inpatients (#64 StGB, penal code); (4) 30 recently detoxified inpatients of a station for long term treatment by LC/MS-MS with the internal standard d5-EtG and additionally in the fourth group of patients also by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS). In 2 out of 33 inpatients of the first group, EtG could be determined 3 days after hospitalization; in an other subject, a relapse could be detected. In 2 out of 29 and in 1 out of 15 forensic inpatients of group 2 and 3, respectively--where neither clinical impression nor routine laboratory findings gave an indication for relapse--concentrations of EtG ranged between 0.1 and 18 mg/l in urine. For the serum samples of the 30 inpatients of group 4, we could demonstrate a total agreement for the results of the GC/MS and the LC/MS-MS method as to whether a sample was found to be positive or negative for EtG. We suggest that these results strengthen our earlier findings that ethyl glucuronide is a marker of alcohol consumption in general that can be detected for an extended time period after the complete elimination of alcohol from the body and a marker for relapse control with a specific time frame of detection intermediate between short- and long-term markers.
Moderate consumption of ethanol lowers mortality from coronary artery disease, and one of the possible mechanisms is an antiarrhythmic action. We therefore investigated the effect of a small daily dose of beer on plasma electrolytes. 52 men who seldom drank alcohol, clinically stable more than one year after coronary bypass surgery, were randomized to drink either 330 mL beer (containing about 20 g ethanol) or mineral water with similar potassium, magnesium, calcium and sodium content daily for 30 days. Plasma electrolytes and liver function indices, and also heart rate, blood pressure and weight, were measured before and after the trial period. The only significant before-and-after difference was in the group consuming beer, whose plasma magnesium rose from 0.89 (SD 0.01) to 0.98 (SD 0.02) mmol/L (P < 0.0025). This level of beer consumption did no obvious harm to liver function and its possibly beneficial effect on plasma magnesium deserves further investigation.
1. Nine habitual tea-drinking volunteers were recruited and asked to follow a low-polyphenol and low-caffeine diet for 6 days and to provide daily 24-h urine samples. On day 4 of the experiment strong black tea brewed under standardized conditions was re-introduced to the volunteers' diet. 2. 1H-NMR and HPLC profiling of the urine samples indicated that consumption of black tea (6-10 mugs per day) was associated with a significant (p = 0.00017) increase in hippuric acid excretion relative to control, increasing from 153-512 to 742-1374 mg day(-1). The excretion of substantial amounts of hippuric acid has not previously been associated with black tea consumption. 3. For some volunteers, the quantity of benzoic acid processed exceeded the acceptable daily intake (ADI), but this is not considered to constitute any hazard. 4. A mass-balance analysis indicated that the necessary quantity of benzoic acid could not be obtained from the contents of gallic acid, flavanols, flavonol glycosides and theaflavins in black tea even if 100% transformation was obtained, suggesting that the thearubigins (the major and chemically ill-defined polyphenols of black tea) may be an important source.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the study was to establish whether dietary elements are related to lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and thus to diseases causing LUTS. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This population-based study was carried out in 1994; a questionnaire was mailed to all men born in 1924, 1934 or 1944 living in Tampere or 11 rural or semi-rural municipalities in the same county, altogether 3143 men. Of this population, 68% were ultimately included in the study. A modified version of the DAN-PSS-1 questionnaire (10 of the questions) was used to assess urinary symptoms and problems arising from them. A symptom index was formed by multiplying the symptom and problem scores for hesitancy, incomplete emptying, urge, urge incontinence, nocturia and daytime frequency, and totalling the products. The men were also asked to report on their medical history, how often they ate vegetables and meat, whether they used butter, margarine or vegetable oil in food, how much alcohol and coffee they consumed, their smoking history and their weight and height. The risk of LUTS was estimated according to the frequency of meat and vegetable intake and the kind of fat used. RESULTS: The confounder-adjusted risk of LUTS was 0.68 (95% CI 0.54-0.86) among men consuming vegetables daily compared with men consuming vegetables less frequently. Compared with men who eat meat less frequently, the confounder-adjusted risk of LUTS was 2.08 (95% CI 1.00-4.10) among men consuming meat weekly, and 2.56 (95% CI 1.30-5.02) among men consuming meat daily. The confounder-adjusted risk of LUTS was 0.73 (95% CI 0.58-0.93) among men who consumed butter compared to those who did not. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary elements may also have an important role in the development of diseases causing LUTS. Direct effects of food components may likewise influence the occurrence of LUTS. 
Rats suppress intake of a saccharin conditioned stimulus (CS) when paired with a drug of abuse. This phenomenon, however, is not uniform across all subjects and is greater following exposure to stress and in animals that more readily self-administer drugs of abuse. The present study was designed to examine these individual differences in intake suppression following seven saccharin-morphine pairings. Plasma corticosterone also was evaluated both before and after conditioning in order to determine whether the magnitude of CS suppression is, or is not, related to circulating corticosterone levels. The findings indicated that, while all rats were exposed to the same number of saccharin-morphine pairings, only half of these animals actually suppressed intake of the saccharin CS. Moreover, the results showed that greater suppression of CS intake was associated with higher corticosterone levels at test (r=-0.84, P<0.0001). Taken together, the results demonstrate that individual differences affect not only the reduction in CS intake following taste-drug pairings, but also the associated cue-induced elevation in circulating corticosterone.
The effect of a "normal" (n = 8) and "high" (n = 6) protein intake (1 and 2.5 g x kg(-1) x day(-1), respectively) and of exercise on plasma amino acid (AA) concentrations, insulin, and glucagon concentrations was followed throughout a continuous 24-h period in adult male subjects at energy balance after six days on a standardized diet and exercise program. Subjects were fasting from 2100 on day 6 to 1200 on day 7 and then fed 10 identical meals hourly until 2100. Physical exercise was performed (46% maximal oxygen uptake) between 0830 and 1000 (fasting) and in a fed state (1600-1730) on each day. The normal-protein group showed fasting plasma AA concentrations that were higher (P < 0.05) than those for the high-protein group, except for leucine, methionine, and tyrosine. Glutamine, glycine, alanine, taurine, and threonine concentrations were distinctly higher ( approximately 30% or greater) throughout the 24-h period in subjects consuming the normal- vs. the high-protein diets. Exercise appeared to increase, although not profoundly, the plasma concentrations of amino acids except for glutamate, histidine, ornithine, and tryptophan. The profound diet-related differences in plasma AA concentrations are only partially explained by differences in the renal clearance of the amino acids. We speculate on the possible metabolic basis for these findings.
OBJECTIVE: To examine whether lead (Pb) in urine and cadmium (Cd) in blood, especially the former, can be used as markers of environmental exposure of general populations to these metals. METHODS: Between 1991 and 1998, spot urine and peripheral blood samples, together with 24 h duplicates of food intake were collected from 607 non-smoking adult women in 30 survey sites (SS) in seven administrative regions all over Japan. Urine, blood and food duplicate samples were analyzed by inductively-coupled plasma spectrometry, for Cd and Pb in urine (Cd-U and Pb-U), in blood (Cd-B and Pb-B) and in food duplicates (Cd-F and Pb-F). Correlation between the measurements was examined by regression analysis. RESULTS: The Cd-B correlated closely with Cd-U, and both Cd-B and Cd-U with Cd-F, on an individual basis (n = 607), on an SS basis (n = 30) and on a regional basis (n = 7). The Pb-U however did not correlate with Pb-B on a regional basis although they correlated with each other when analyzed on an individual as well as SS basis. Moreover, the correlation coefficients between Pb-U and Pb-B were much smaller than those between Cd-U and Cd-B. Neither Pb-U nor Pb-B showed significant correlation with Pb-F on any levels of statistical analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Both Cd-B and Cd-U can be employed as biomarkers of environmental Cd exposure. The reliability of Pb-U for use in place of Pb-B appeared to be small. 
It has been proposed that proteins modified by ethanol metabolites, such as acetaldehyde (AcH) or alpha-hydroxyethyl radicals (HER) may be an important step in the aetiology of alcoholic liver disease. Furthermore, it has also been suggested that these modified proteins may act as a marker of ethanol intake. In this study, we have measured the generation of various types of modified proteins in the liver and blood of ethanol-fed rats. Multiple types of protein modification were observed in the livers of the ethanol-fed rats. In each case, the level of modification increased over the first 6 weeks of ethanol feeding, but reached a plateau by 10 weeks. In contrast to the liver, elevated levels of proteins modified by malondialdehyde were not seen in the plasma of ethanol-fed animals, whereas elevated levels of modification due to AcH and HER were observed. In haemolysates from these animals, only modification due to AcH was seen. Further investigation of the modification of plasma proteins showed that albumin, a protein produced in the liver, carried all the types of modification investigated, whereas immunoglobulin G, a protein derived from an extra-hepatic source, only carried modifications due to acetaldehyde. This study demonstrates for the first time that modification of plasma proteins by ethanol metabolites can occur at both intra- and extra-hepatic sites.
This cross-sectional study reports associations between anthropometric measures, serum antioxidant concentrations, and present diet with measures of elevated cell proliferation in 51 patients with Barrett's esophagus. Cell proliferation was assessed as fractions of cells in the S and G2 phases, measured in biopsies of Barrett's tissue and analyzed by DNA content flow cytometry. Elevated proportions in the S and G2 phases predict progression to adenocarcinoma. The percentage of cells in the S phase was positively associated with waist-to-hip ratio (r = 0.33, p < 0.05) and negatively associated with serum and dietary selenium (r = -0.34 and -0.32, respectively, p < 0.05). The percentage of cells in the G2 phase was positively associated with weight change from age 25 (r = 0.39, p < 0.01) and negatively associated with dietary selenium (r = -0.31, p < 0.05). Selenium from breads and grains was negatively associated with the percentage of cells in the S phase (r = -0.41, p < 0.01) and the percentage of cells in the G2 phase (r = -0.41, p < 0.01). These results suggest that increasing weight gain in adulthood, increasing waist-to-hip ratio, and decreasing dietary selenium intake and serum levels increase the risk of progression of Barrett's esophagus to adenocarcinoma.
The cross-sectional relationships of soy product intake and serum testosterone, estrone, estradiol, sex hormone-binding globulin, and dihydrotestosterone were examined in 69 Japanese men. Soy product intake was estimated from a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Serum estradiol concentration was significantly inversely correlated with soy product intake (r = -0.32, p = 0.009), and serum estrone concentration was nonsignificantly inversely correlated with soy product intake (r = -0.24, p = 0.05) after controlling for age, body mass index, smoking status, and ethanol intake. Total and free testosterone concentrations were inversely correlated with soy product intake after controlling for the covariates, but these correlations were of border line significance (r = -0.25, p = 0.05 and r = -0.25, p = 0.06, respectively). Similar correlations were observed for these hormones with isoflavone intake from soy products. The data suggest that soy product intake may be associated with the endogenous hormone levels in Japanese men.
In a population health survey in 1995, serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) was measured in 1113 subjects, aged 30 to 79 years, and was found to be elevated (>6.9 pmol/L) in 118 subjects. In 1998, this group and 131 subjects with normal PTH levels were invited for reexamination, and 82 and 90 subjects from each respective group attended the follow-up. At the follow-up, 72 subjects had elevated and 100 had normal serum PTH levels. Those with elevated serum PTH levels (8 subjects with hyperparathyroidism were excluded) had significantly lower serum calcium levels and intake of calcium than those with normal PTH (2.24+/-0.09 and 2.29+/-0.10 mmol/L [mean+/-SD] and 400.3+/-227.3 and 592.1+/-459.6 mg/d, respectively; P<0.01). Serum levels or intake of vitamin D did not differ between the 2 groups. Subjects with elevated PTH in both 1995 and 1998 had significantly lower bone mineral content and bone mineral density in the lumbar spine than did those with persistently normal PTH levels (P<0.05). In the females, but not in the males, the systolic and diastolic blood pressures were significantly higher in those with elevated serum PTH (158.0+/-27.5 versus 141.5+/-19.2 mm Hg and 90. 5+/-13.6 versus 82.6+/-8.6 mm Hg, respectively; P<0.01). This difference was even more pronounced when those with persistently elevated PTH were considered separately. In conclusion, reduced intake of calcium is frequently associated with high levels of serum PTH. This is associated with moderately reduced bone mineral content and bone mineral density in the lumbar spine. In women, high levels of serum PTH are also associated with markedly increased blood pressure.
BACKGROUND: The fatty acid composition of adipose tissue triacylglycerol reflects, but is not identical to, the fatty acid composition of the habitual diet. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue is explained by differences between fatty acids in early storage in adipose tissue after a meal. DESIGN: Nine healthy men ate a meal containing several fatty acids. Blood samples were taken for 6 h after the meal from an arterialized hand vein and a vein draining the anterior abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue. RESULTS: Net storage of fatty acids in adipose tissue occurred between 1 and 4 h after the meal. In relation to the amount fed, storage of fatty acids differed (P < 0. 01) between classes (n-3 polyunsaturated < saturated < n-6 polyunsaturated < monounsaturated); oleic acid was stored in the greatest amounts. These differences agreed closely with published data, except for n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The only individual metabolic step at which significant differences between fatty acids was shown was incorporation of fatty acids into chylomicron triacylglycerol. Differences between fatty acids in rate of extraction from chylomicron triacylglycerol and net uptake into adipose tissue in the postprandial period were significant (P < 0. 01), but not when expressed in relation to proportions in chylomicron triacylglycerol. CONCLUSIONS: The characteristic fatty acid pattern of adipose tissue may predominantly reflect the early metabolic handling of different fatty acids. Adipose tissue uptake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids is slow in relation to that of other fatty acids. 
OBJECTIVE: Mice lacking the tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor 2 (TNFR2) gene fed a high-fat diet gain less weight and display reduced leptin and insulin levels. In humans, plasma levels of the soluble fraction of TNFR2 (sTNFR2) circulate in proportion to the degree of insulin resistance. The purpose of this study was to evaluate a polymorphism in the 3' untranslated region of the TNFR2 gene on chromosome 1 in relation to BMI, leptin levels, and insulin resistance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Using single-strand conformation polymorphism, the polymorphism was analyzed in 107 nondiabetic subjects (60 women, 47 men) and in 110 consecutive patients with type 2 diabetes (79 women, 31 men). In a subset of 33 healthy subjects, insulin sensitivity (minimal model analysis) was also evaluated. RESULTS: Four alleles of the TNFR2 gene were identified (A1, A2, A3, and A4). BMI and serum leptin levels were significantly increased in young carriers of the A2 allele. Plasma sTNFR2 levels were similar among the different TNFR2 gene variants. However, in subjects who did not carry the A2 allele, in young subjects, and in women, plasma sTNFR2 levels were proportional to BMI and leptin levels. In the study sample, carriers of the A2 allele (n = 18) showed significantly increased BMI, fat mass, waist-to-hip ratio, serum total and VLDL triglyceride levels, and leptin levels and had a lower insulin sensitivity index than noncarriers of the A2 variant (n = 15). The frequency of the different alleles among diabetic subjects was similar to that in the control population. However, diet-treated diabetic subjects (n = 49) who were carriers of the A2 allele exhibited significantly higher BMI and leptin levels than diet-treated noncarriers of the A2 allele. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of the A2 allele in the TNFR2 gene may predispose subjects to obesity and higher leptin levels, which may in turn predispose them to insulin resistance or vice versa. The TNFR2 gene may be involved in weight-control mechanisms. 
The authors examined the impact of alcohol consumption on women's risk perceptions and intended behaviors in a hypothetical situation in which the potential for establishing a relationship with an attractive man was coupled with the potential for sexual aggression. Fifty-nine single women, ages 21-29, were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 beverage conditions: (a) alcohol (dose sufficient to raise blood alcohol level to .08); (b) placebo, in which they were led to believe that they had consumed alcohol but had not; or (c) no alcohol, in which they neither expected nor received alcohol. Compared with women in the no-alcohol condition, women in the alcohol condition (a) rated the male character in the vignette more positively, (b) anticipated less risk and more benefit resulting from a series of behaviors likely to facilitate the relationship while increasing sexual vulnerability (e.g., engaging in consensual sexual activities), and (c) anticipated greater involvement in those behaviors. The placebo appeared to exert similar but weaker effects.
OBJECTIVE: To validate the use of the 36-item short-form questionnaire (SF-36) for measuring health-related quality of life (HRQL) in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). DESIGN: : Observational data at a single point in time. SETTING: : A specialized outpatient respiratory clinic. PARTICIPANTS: Thirty-four patients (mean +/- SE age, 58.29 +/- 1.87 years) with IPF and no significant comorbidity. A matched control group for HRQL measurements was composed of 34 normal subjects (mean age, 58.00 +/- 1.89 years). MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS: Dyspnea was measured by the baseline dyspnea index (BDI). Respiratory function evaluation included FVC, FEV(1), and resting arterial blood gases. IPF patients showed a mean BDI score of 5.21 +/- 0.46. The mean FVC and FEV(1) values were 62.41 +/- 2.96% and 66.41 +/- 3.33%, respectively. The mean PaO(2) was 67 +/- 2.51 mm Hg, and the mean PaCO(2) was 37 +/- 1. 05 mm Hg. Patients scored significantly worse than control subjects with respect to the SF-36 domains of physical functioning, physical role, general health perceptions, vitality, social functioning, emotional role, and mental health index. BDI scores were significantly correlated with five SF-36 components, and FVC and FEV(1) were significantly correlated with two SF-36 components. Significant negative correlations were found between arterial pH and four SF-36 domains. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with IPF have a significant impairment of HRQL in both physical and psychological functioning. Dyspnea is the most important factor influencing the quality of life in these subjects. The SF-36 questionnaire is a valid instrument to evaluate HRQL in IPF patients. 
A diet history method for estimating energy and N intakes was validated against 24 h urinary N excretion and energy expenditure measured by the doubly-labelled water (DLW) method. Forty-eight women aged 50-65 years were studied over 1 year. Weighed diet records from 4 d and two 24 h urine collections, for measurement of urinary N excretion, were obtained in each of four seasons. At the end of the year, a diet history was obtained, BMR was measured by whole-body calorimetry, and, in sixteen women, total energy expenditure (EE) was measured by DLW. Energy intake (EI) and N intake (NI) were calculated using food tables. Using weighed records and diet history respectively mean NI were 11.21 (SD 2.09) g and 11.47 (SD 2.40) g (NS) and EI were 8.08 (SD 1.54) MJ and 8.20 (SD 1.86) MJ (NS). Mean urine N:NI and EI:BMR values indicated bias to under-reporting by weighed record and diet history techniques in some individuals, but there was no significant difference between these measures at the group level. The Pearson correlation coefficient (r) for urine N v. NI was 0.81 for the weighed record and 0.38 for the diet history. The correlation of EE v. EI was r 0.48 for weighed record and r 0.11 for diet history. In this study the diet history gave the same estimate of mean intake, but the weighed record appeared to perform better in ranking individuals.
OBJECTIVE: To study, in healthy women, the correlation between the basal urinary zinc/creatinine ratio and dietary zinc intake. SUBJECTS: A group of 36 healthy female University students was evaluated. Mean age and body weight were, respectively, 25.6+/-3.3 years and 54.4+/-7.0 kg. METHODS: Basal urine was collected; Zn was determined by AAS and Creatinine (Creat) by the Jaffe method. A nutritional survey of seven days was recorded. Mean daily dietary intake of energy (DE) and zinc (DZn) were calculated according to the INCAP and English or German Food Composition Tables, respectively. RESULTS: Mean dietary daily intake were as follows (x +/- SD): Energy (kcal): 1606+/-570; zinc (mg): 9.1+/-3.8; basal urine Zn/Creat ratio: 0.41+/-0.24. Individual values of the Zn/Creat ratio correlated with dietary Zn (r=0.481, p=0.0339); data grouped according to ranges of dietary Zn fit the following equation: Zn/Creat=0.160+/-0.034 DZn (mg/day); (r=0.870, p=0.00497). CONCLUSIONS: These results showed that the basal urinary Zn/Creat ratio could be a useful indicator of dietary Zn intake in healthy adult women. 
OBJECTIVES: Insulin resistance (IR) has been increasingly implicated in the pathogenesis of gout. The lipoprotein abnormalities described in hyperuricaemic subjects are similar to those associated with IR, and insulin influences renal urate excretion. In this study it was investigated whether dietary measures, reported to be beneficial in IR, have serum uric acid (SU) and lipid lowering effects in gout. METHODS: Thirteen non-diabetic men (median age 50, range 38-62) were enrolled. Each patient had had at least two gouty attacks during the four months before enrollment. Dietary recommendations consisted of calorie restriction to 6690 kJ (1600 kcal) a day with 40% derived from carbohydrate, 30% from protein, and 30% from fat; replacement of refined carbohydrates with complex ones and saturated fats with mono- and polyunsaturated ones. At onset and after 16 weeks, fasting blood samples were taken for determination of SU, serum cholesterol (C), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TGs). Results were expressed as median (SD). RESULTS: At onset, the body mass index (BMI) was 30.5 (8.1) kg/m(2). Dietary measures resulted in weight loss of 7.7 (5.4) kg (p=0.002) and a decrease in the frequency of monthly attacks from 2.1 (0.8) to 0.6 (0.7) (p=0.002). The SU decreased from 0.57 (0.10) to 0.47 (0.09) mmol/l (p=0.001) and normalised in 7 (58%) of the 12 patients with an initially raised level. Serum cholesterol decreased from 6.0 (1.7) to 4.7 (0. 9) mmol/l (p=0.002), LDL-C from 3.5 (1.2) to 2.7 (0.8) mmol/l (p=0. 004), TGs from 4.7 (4.2) to 1.9 (1.0) mmol/l (p=0.001), and C:HDL-C ratios from 6.7 (1.7) to 5.2 (1.0) (p=0.002). HDL-C levels increased insignificantly. High baseline SU, frequency of attacks, total cholesterol, LDL-C and TG levels, and total C:HDL-C ratios correlated with higher decreases in the respective variables upon dietary intervention (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: The results suggest that weight reduction associated with a change in proportional macronutrient intake, as recently recommended in IR, is beneficial, reducing the SU levels and dyslipidaemia in gout. Current dietary recommendations for gout may need re-evaluation. 
The main Fe storage organ in the body is the liver. In patients with chronic liver disease, secondary Fe overload is common. Phlebotomy, often used in the West to reduce Fe overload to improve the efficacy of interferon therapy, is not socially acceptable in India. We assessed the efficacy of a low-Fe diet in reducing serum Fe levels. Nineteen patients with hepatitis B- and C-related chronic liver disease, ten with normal (< 25 mumol/l) baseline serum Fe levels (group A) and nine with high (> 25 mumol/l) serum Fe levels (group B) were included. All the subjects were advised to eat a low-Fe diet. The daily Fe intake was reduced approximately 50% by consumption of the rice-based diet. Haemoglobin, serum Fe, transferrin saturation index (TSI), ferritin and alanine transaminase (EC 2.6.1.2) levels were studied at 1 and 4 months. Dietary Fe intake and body weight were closely monitored. All patients complied with the dietary regimen and at 4 months significant (P < 0.001) reductions from baseline were seen in serum Fe (20 (SD 3) v. 12 (SD 4) mumol/l group A; 30 (SD 3) v. 19 (SD 7) mumol/l group B) and TSI (38 (SD 8) v. 23 (SD 9)% group A; 53 (SD 15) v. 34 (SD 13)%, group B) in both the groups, albeit earlier in group B subjects. Serum ferritin levels, however, reduced only in group A (112 (SD 62) v. 43 (SD 25) ng/ml, P < 0.05) and not in group B. Non-significant reductions in haemoglobin levels were seen in both groups. Alanine transaminase levels reduced significantly (P < 0.05) in both the groups (95 (SD 49) v. 44 (SD 25) IU/l, group A; 82 (SD 16) v. 51 (SD 14) IU/l group B). Thus, a low-Fe diet results in significant reductions in serum Fe and TSI levels, irrespective of baseline Fe levels. This diet should be evaluated to improve the efficacy of interferon therapy in patients with hepatitis B- and C-related chronic liver disease.
Gallic acid is one of the main phenolic components of black tea. The objective of this study was to identify urinary gallic acid metabolites with potential for use as markers of black tea intake. In an initial study, nine compounds, assessed by using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, were found to increase in concentration in urine after 3 cups of black tea over 3 h. A subsequent study employed a controlled crossover design in which 10 subjects consumed 5 cups per day of black tea or water for 4 weeks in random order. Twenty-four hour urine samples were collected at the end of each period. Of the 9 candidate compounds identified in the initial study, only 3 were present at higher concentrations in urine of all 10 subjects during tea-drinking in comparison to water-drinking periods. These compounds were identified as 4-O-methylgallic acid, 3-O-methylgallic acid, and 3, 4-O-dimethylgallic acid, all methyl ether derivatives of gallic acid. It is suggested that these compounds have the potential to be used as markers of black tea intake.
OBJECTIVES: This was an ancillary methodological study within the Prostate Cancer Outcomes Study (PCOS) to assess the validity of 6-month retrospective recall of prediagnostic disease-targeted function among men diagnosed with prostate cancer. METHODS: A convenience sample of 133 prostate cancer cases were administered a baseline questionnaire shortly after diagnosis that asked about prediagnostic urinary, sexual, and bowel function. They were surveyed again concerning the same items 6 months later and asked to recall their prediagnostic function. Reports of prediagnostic function obtained at baseline and 6 months are compared, as are measures of change derived from these reports. Percent agreement and weighted kappas are calculated to measure the extent of agreement. RESULTS: Over 70% of the men reported prediagnostic functioning at the highest level on 12 of 17 survey items. For each of these items, recall at 6 months was identical to the baseline survey response for > or =69% of the men. The values of the weighted kappas for changes computed with baseline reports (prospective) and changes computed with 6-month recall (retrospective) ranged from 0.396 to 0.919 for the 17 individual items. Intraclass correlations for the retrospective versus prospective changes in the multi-item function scores were 0.828 for urinary, 0.618 for bowel, and 0.692 for sexual function. CONCLUSIONS: At baseline, men recently diagnosed with prostate cancer report few disease-related problems before diagnosis, and a high percentage of men recall this accurately 6 months later. There is reasonably high agreement between baseline and 6-month estimates of prediagnostic function and between prospective and retrospective measures of change over 6 months. 
There is a lack of agreement on index of Cu status and reliable and sensitive biomarkers are still required. The purpose of this present work was to assess in rats the sensitivity of diamine oxidase (DAO) activity, a recently proposed biomarker, to modifications in dietary Cu intake in comparison with other plasma biomarkers of Cu status. We also evaluated the effect of Cu dietary level on Cu and Zn intestinal absorption. Results showed that plasma Cu and plasma caeruloplasmin were significantly decreased at day 8 compared with the control group (7.4 mg Cu/kg diet) while DAO activity was significantly decreased at day 12 of the deficient diet (0.61 mg Cu/kg diet). Cu supplementation (35 mg Cu/kg diet) had no effect on any of the studied biomarkers of Cu status. In Cu-deficient rats plasma Cu and DAO activities were normalized 4 d after return to the control diet while caeruloplasmin was normalized later, at day 11. Apparent absorption values (%) of total Cu or 65Cu isotope were significantly increased in the Cu-deficient rats compared with the other groups and similar in the control and the Cu-supplemented groups. The urinary excretion of total Cu or 65Cu isotope were increased in the Cu-supplemented group compared with the other two groups. Both apparent absorption and urinary excretion of total Zn or 67Zn isotope remained unchanged in the three experimental groups. In conclusion, DAO activity seemed to be less sensitive to Cu deficiency than plasma Cu or caeruloplasmin concentrations. The present study also showed a significant increase in Cu intestinal absorption with dietary Cu restriction but no decrease with Cu supplementation in the rat.
The intake of flavonols, flavones and isoflavones by Japanese women was calculated from our food-phytochemical composition table. The relationship between intake of these phytochemicals and various anthropometric and blood chemistry data was analyzed in a cross-sectional study. The subjects were 115 women volunteers, aged 29-78 y, living in the northern part of Japan. Each subject completed a 3-d dietary record and received a health check up, including urine and blood sampling for biochemical analysis. Total mean intakes of flavonoids (sum of flavonols and flavones) and isoflavones were 16.7 and 47.2 mg/d, respectively. The major source of flavonoids was onions (45.9%) and that of isoflavones was tofu (37.0%). Total intake of isoflavones exceeded that of other dietary antioxidants, such as flavonoids, carotenoids (3.5 mg/d) and vitamin E (8.2 mg/d), and was approximately one half of the vitamin C intake (109 mg/d). The total intake of flavonoids was inversely correlated with the plasma total cholesterol concentration (TC) (r = -0.236, P: < 0.05) and plasma LDL cholesterol concentration (LDL-C) (r = -0.220, P: < 0.05), after the adjustment for age, body mass index and total energy intake. As a single component, quercetin was inversely correlated with both TC (r = -0.261, P: < 0.01) and LDL-C (r = -0. 263, P: < 0.01). Among Japanese, flavonoid and isoflavone intake is the main component among nonnutrient phytochemicals with antioxidant potential in the diet. These results suggest that a high consumption of both flavonoids and isoflavones by Japanese women may contribute to their low incidence of coronary heart disease compared with women in other countries.
Under- and overreporting of energy intake in relation to body mass index (BMI, kg/m2) were examined by using 24-hour urinary sodium and potassium as biomarkers. The data were obtained from 2,124 men and 1,998 women aged 25-74 years who participated in the 1981-1984 Belgian Interuniversity Research on Nutrition and Health study conducted in Belgium. The ratios of dietary intake to urinary excretion of sodium and potassium, as a measure for relative underreporting, were inversely associated with BMI (for men, beta = -0.019 for sodium ratio and beta = -0.026 for potassium ratio; for women, beta = -0.017 for sodium ratio and beta = -0.019 for potassium ratio; all p < 0.0001) independent of age, smoking, alcohol intake, and educational level. Since 77% of dietary potassium was reported to be excreted in the urine, subjects for whom the (dietary potassium x 0.77)/urinary potassium ratio was <1 were considered underreporters and >1 as overreporters. The percentage of underreporters increased with increasing pooled sex-specific deciles of BMI (beta = 1.88, p < 0.0001) and was higher than the percentage of overreporters in 13 of 20 deciles. At a BMI of 25.4, the percentage of under- and overreporters equalized. In conclusion, the relative underreporting of energy intake and the percentage of underreporters increased with increasing BMI.
Malnutrition, hypoxia and energy deficit may affect protein metabolism. We wanted to evaluate the cross-sectional association between serum amino acids and fat-free mass in a group of hypoxic patients. We also wanted to explore, in the same group of patients, whether the blood amino-acid pattern could possibly be influenced by differences in lung function and energy intake. Serum amino acids were measured in 71 hypoxic underweight and normal-weight patients with advanced pulmonary disease and related to the fat-free-mass index, arterial oxygen (PaO2) and carbon dioxide tension (PaCO2), forced vital capacity (FVC), forced expiratory volume in 1 sec (FEV1) and energy intake. Only one amino acid (aspartic acid) remained significantly correlated to the fat-free-mass index after adjustments for age and sex (beta = -0.30, P=0.011). None of the amino acids were significantly correlated to PaO2 but alanine was significantly negatively correlated to PaCO2 (beta = -0.46, P<0.001), phenylalanine to FVC1 (beta = 0.52, P=0.001) and tyrosine to FVC (beta = 0.36, P=0.008). Citrulline and tryptophan were significantly correlated to energy intake (beta = 0.32, P=0.008; beta=0.37, P=0.009 respectively). In conclusion, there was no convincing association between fat free mass and serum amino acids. The negative effect of hypercapnia and reduced lung function on some serum amino acids was suggested and some amino acids were sensitive to reduced energy intake.
OBJECTIVE: To analyse the associations between the intake of fish and marine mammals and risk factors for cardiovascular disease, ie lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, blood pressure and obesity, in a population whose average consumption of n-3 fatty acids is high compared with Western countries. DESIGN: Information was obtained from a population survey in Greenland: interview data, clinical data and fasting blood samples were obtained from a random sample of Inuit from three towns and four villages. SUBJECTS: Two-hundred and fifty-nine adult Inuit (74% of the sample). RESULTS: Marine diet was positively associated with serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and blood glucose and inversely with very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and triglyceride. Association with low-density lipoprotein (LDL), diastolic and systolic blood pressure, waist-hip ratio and body mass index were inconsistent and not statistically significant. The pattern was similar within groups with low, medium and high consumption of marine food. CONCLUSIONS: There are statistically significant associations between the consumption of marine food and certain lipid fractions in the blood also in this population with a very high average intake of marine food. The observation that blood glucose is positively associated with marine diet in a population survey is new and should be repeated. There was good agreement between the results for the reported consumption of seal and those for the biomarkers. SPONSORSHIP: The study was financially supported by the Greenland Home Rule, Directorate of Health and Research, the Commission for Scientific Research in Greenland, and the Danish Medical Research Council. 
BACKGROUND: Self-report has become an anchor for alcohol assessment in the acute and primary care populations. The purpose of the study was to determine the validity of self-reported alcohol consumption after unintentional injuries in hospitalized, nondependent drinkers. METHODS: Non-alcohol-dependent subjects 18 years of age and older with unintentional injuries (n = 209) were enrolled in the study and were interviewed if they had either an admitting blood alcohol concentration (BAC) > or = 10 mg/dl (0.01 g/dl) or a positive screen for a history of problem drinking. The self-reported number of standard drinks, time that drinking commenced, sex, and weight were used to calculate estimated blood alcohol concentration (EBAC), which was then compared to the admission BAC. RESULTS: We had data to calculate the EBAC on 141 of the 209 subjects. Seven men and no women with positive (> or = 10 mg/dl) BAC denied drinking. Of the 134 subjects for whom we had data to calculate EBAC and who acknowledged drinking, mean BAC was 147.06 mg/dl and mean EBAC was 68.66 mg/dl. For women (n = 30), mean BAC was 149.53 mg/dl and mean EBAC was 114.67 mg/dl; for men (n = 104), mean BAC was 146.35 mg/dl and mean EBAC was 55.38 mg/dl. The Spearman's p between laboratory BAC and EBAC was 0.461 (p < 0.001) for all subjects (n = 134), 0.275 (NS) for women (n = 30), and 0.532 (p < 0.001) for men (n = 104). For women and men separately, multiple regression analyses were performed to predict BAC by using weight and reported number of drinks. For women, weight and number of drinks accounted for 3% of the variance in laboratory BAC [r = 0.181, F(2,47) = 0.797,p = NS]. In contrast, for men these same predictors accounted for 34% of the variance [r = 0.585, F(2,135) = 35.203,p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Most nondependent patients with unintentional injury acknowledged drinking before injury. After injury, women and men have different patterns of reporting their drinking, with men more frequently underreporting but reporting more accurately and women more random in their self-reports. 
We describe the pattern of soy intake and its association with blood lipid concentrations in the Hong Kong Chinese population. Subjects were contacted by random telephone survey and invited to a hospital for a physical examination and blood tests. A total of 500 men and 510 women with an age range of 24-74 y completed the dietary intake study. The dietary assessment was based on a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire that included 10 commonly consumed soy items. Many (88%) of the study population had consumed some soy products during the previous week. About 80% of the soy protein or isoflavones were obtained from different forms of tofu, and an additional 9% was obtained from soy milk. The mean weekly isoflavone intake was 102 +/- 107 mg in men and 77 +/- 90 mg in women. In men, soy intake and total plasma cholesterol were negatively correlated (r = -0.09, P: = 0.04), as were soy intake and LDL cholesterol (r = -0.11, P: = 0.02). The respective values in women <50 y old were r = -0.11, P: = 0.04 and r = -0.11, P: = 0.05. Soy protein remained significantly associated with these two lipid concentrations after adjustment for other social and dietary confounders. Higher soy intake seemed to be related to a better plasma lipid profile in men and in younger women, but more epidemiological studies and controlled clinical trials in this setting would help to confirm the optimal amount required for the prevention and treatment of hyperlipidemia.
It is now well established that testosterone levels decline with age. What has not been established is whether the decline in testosterone is associated with a symptom complex. This study examined whether certain symptoms are more commonly present in males with low bioavailable testosterone (BT) levels. These were used to evaluate a questionnaire for androgen deficiency in aging males (ADAM). The validity of the ADAM questionnaire to screen for low BT was tested in 316 Canadian physicians aged 40 to 62 years. Low BT levels were present in 25% of this population. None had elevated luteinizing hormone (LH) levels. The ADAM questionnaire had 88% sensitivity and 60% specificity. When the questionnaire was administered twice 2 to 4 weeks apart to 10 men, it was determined that the coefficient of variation was 11.5%. In a second study of 34 ADAM-positive patients, 37% of those with clearly normal BT levels demonstrated some evidence of dysphoria. Finally, in 21 patients who were treated with testosterone, improvement on the ADAM questionnaire was demonstrated in 18 (P = .002). These data support the concept of a symptom complex associated with low BT levels in aging males. In addition, the ADAM questionnaire appears to be a reasonable screening questionnaire to detect androgen deficiency in males over 40 years of age.
Urinary excretion of volatile nitrosamines was assessed in 59 non-smokers living in a rural county of Qubec, Canada. Water and food intakes were measured by means of a 24-hour recall. Nitrates were analyzed in the tap water of all participants (geometric mean=2.0 mg nitrate-N/L) and dietary intakes of nitrate and vitamins C and E were estimated via a validated Canadian food database. Urine was collected over the same 24-hour period and analyzed for nitrates by hydrazine reduction and for volatile nitrosamines by gas-chromatography/mass spectrometry. N-Nitrosopiperidine (NPIP) was found in urine samples from 52 of the 59 subjects. Geometric mean of NPIP urinary excretion was 67 ng/day and maximum value was 1045 ng/day. No other volatile nitrosamine was detected. There was a correlation between urinary nitrate excretion and total nitrate intake (r=0.71, P < 0.001). However, no relationship was found between urinary NPIP excretion and either nitrate excretion, dietary or water nitrate intakes. NPIP excretion was significantly correlated to coffee intake (r=0.40, P=0.002) and this relation was not modified by vitamin intake. We conclude that nitrate intake is not related to nitrosamine excretion in this rural population. The influence of coffee consumption on NPIP excretion deserves further attention.
Plasma carnitine levels were measured in two alternative nutrition groups--strict vegetarians (vegans) and lactoovovegetarians (vegetarians consuming limited amounts of animal products such as milk products and eggs). The results were compared to an average sample of probands on mixed nutrition (omnivores). Carnitine levels were correlated with the intake of essential amino acids, methionine and lysine (as substrates of its endogenous synthesis), since the intake of carnitine in food is negligible in the alternative nutrition groups (the highest carnitine content is in meat, lower is in milk products, while fruit, cereals and vegetables contain low or no carnitine at all). An average carnitine level in vegans was significantly reduced with hypocarnitinemia present in 52.9% of probands. Similarly, the intake of methionine and lysine was significantly lower in this group due to the exclusive consumption of plant proteins with reduced content of these amino acids. Carnitine level in lactoovovegetarians was also significantly reduced, but the incidence of values below 30 micromol/l was lower than in vegans representing 17.8% vs. 3.3% in omnivores. Intake of methionine and lysine was also significantly reduced in this group, but still higher compared to vegans (73% of protein intake covered by plant proteins). Significant positive correlation of carnitine levels with methionine and lysine intake in alternative nutrition groups indicates that a significant portion of carnitine requirement is covered by endogenous synthesis. Approximately two thirds of carnitine requirement in omnivores comes from exogenous sources. The results demonstrate the risks of alternative nutrition with respect to the intake of essential amino acids, methionine and lysine, and with respect to the intake and biosynthesis of carnitine.
BACKGROUND: Nephrocalcinosis (NC) in preterm neonates has been described frequently, and small-scale studies suggest an unfavorable effect on renal function. The etiologic factors have not yet been fully clarified. We performed a prospective observational study to identify factors that influence the development of NC. METHODS: The study population consisted of 215 preterm neonates with a gestational age <32 weeks. Clinical characteristics and intake in the first four weeks of calcium, phosphorus, vitamin D, protein, and ascorbic acid were noted. Serum calcium, phosphate, vitamin D, magnesium, uric acid, creatinine, urea and urinary calcium, phosphate, oxalate, citrate, magnesium, uric acid, and creatinine were assessed at four weeks of age and at term. Renal ultrasonography (US) was performed at four weeks and at term. At term was defined as a postconceptional age of 38 to 42 weeks. RESULTS: NC was diagnosed by means of US in 33% at four weeks and in 41% at term. Patients with NC at four weeks had a significantly higher mean intake of calcium (P < 0.05), phosphorus (P < 0.05), and ascorbic acid (P < 0.01) than patients without NC. They had a higher mean serum calcium (2.55 vs. 2.46 mmol/L, P < 0.01) and a higher mean urinary calcium/creatinine ratio (2.6 vs. 2.1 mmol/mmol, P < 0.05). Patients with NC at term had a lower birth weight (1142 vs. 1260 g, P < 0.05) and a lower gestational age (28.8 vs. 29.4 weeks, P < 0.05), were treated significantly longer with furosemide, dexamethasone, theophylline, and thiazides, developed chronic lung disease more frequently (40 vs. 16%, P < 0.001), and had a higher mean urinary calcium/creatinine ratio (2.7 vs. 2.3 mmol/mmol, P < 0.05) and a lower mean urinary citrate/calcium ratio (1.1 vs. 1.7 mmol/mmol, P = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: NC develops as a result of an imbalance between stone-inhibiting and stone-promoting factors. A high intake of calcium, phosphorus, and ascorbic acid, a low urinary citrate/calcium ratio, a high urinary calcium/creatinine ratio, immaturity, and medication to prevent or treat chronic lung disease with hypercalciuric side effects appear to contribute to the high incidence of NC in preterm neonates. 
The dose response to alcohol use of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), and their combination (gamma-CDT) was studied in an age- and gender-stratified, random sample from Finland in 1997. A linear association with a threshold between alcohol consumption and the three markers was observed. Body mass index was negatively associated with CDT and positively with GGT Age was positively associated with GGT and gamma-CDT In conclusion, CDT appears to be an early phase marker of alcohol consumption. The combined marker, gamma-CDT, was less associated with factors such as body mass index but more strongly correlated with alcohol consumption than were the two markers separately.
Meat consumption predicts risk of several chronic diseases. The authors validate the accuracy of meat consumption reported by food frequency questionnaires and the mean of eight 24-hour recalls, using urinary methylhistidine excretion, in 55 Black and 71 White Adventist subjects in Los Angeles and San Diego, California, in 1994-1997. 1-Methylhistidine excretion predicts vegetarian status in Black (p = 0.02) and in White (p = 0.005) subjects. Spearman's correlation coefficients between 1-methylhistidine and estimated meat consumption were usually between 0.4 and 0.6 for both food frequency questionnaires and 24-hour recall data. This is despite the chance collection of dietary recalls and urines from omnivores on meatless days.
AIMS: To examine the relationship between dietary protein intake and possible early markers of diabetic nephropathy (creatinine clearance (CrCI), kidney volume and albumin excretion rate (AER)). METHODS: One hundred and forty-five subjects with diabetes for 5-10 years, divided into three pubertal groups, participated. Kidney volume was measured by ultrasound, and serum creatinine and HbA1c were assayed. Two or three 24-h urine collections were obtained for albumin, creatinine and urea excretion rates. Dietary protein intake was estimated from urinary urea nitrogen excretion rate. Glomerular filtration rate was estimated by creatinine clearance. RESULTS: Mean protein intake was 1.22 +/- 0.48 g x kg(-1) x day(-1) Protein intake was significantly higher in males than females (P < 0.0001) and highest in prepubertal compared to mid-pubertal and post-pubertal subjects (P < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, protein intake was positively associated with CrCl (P < 0.0001), and male sex (P < 0.0001) and negatively associated with body surface area (P = 0.0013) and age (P = 0.01). Kidney volume and AER were not related to dietary protein intake. CONCLUSIONS: This cross-sectional study failed to show a significant relationship between dietary protein intake and markers of early nephropathy, other than CrCl. However, a longitudinal, prospective study is required to definitively assess the role of protein intake in the evolution of diabetic nephropathy. 
It has been reported that sodium intake can be estimated in dialysis patients by the increment in the body sodium pool from the end of a dialysis session to the beginning of the following one. To verify the reliability of this method we compared the sodium intake, estimated by the interdialytic changes in plasma sodium concentration (C) and body water volume (V), to sodium removal during three consecutive sessions. For this purpose we investigated 9 nondiabetic patients, 5 females and 4 males, under chronic hemofiltration treatment. Sodium intake was estimated by the formula (C(pre) V(pre)) - (C(post) V(post)) using a flame photometer and electrical bioimpedance to determine the plasma sodium concentration and total body water, respectively. Sodium removal was calculated by the difference between sodium loss into the ultrafiltrate and sodium gain with the reinfusion fluid. The mean values of sodium intake calculated during the three intervals corresponded with the sodium losses measured during the three hemofiltration sessions in each patient (338+/-55 vs. 329+/-67 mEq; r = 0.92, p<0.0001). A direct relationship was also observed between sodium intake and both interdialytic body weight increase (r = 0.89, p< 0.0001) and fluid loss during the sessions (r = 0.88, p<0.0001). This data demonstrates that sodium intake can be properly estimated by the interdialytic changes in body water and plasma sodium concentrations. They also suggest that fluid intake may be influenced by sodium consumption and that sodium intake monitoring could be useful for the control of excessive interdialytic fluid gain.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) (18&ratio;3 n-3) and linolenic acid (LA) (18&ratio;2 n-6) in cholesterol esters (CE) as markers of ALA and LA dietary intakes in preterm infants. SUBJECTS: Forty-five preterm infants: two groups fed different formulas, the third fed human milk. DESIGN: ALA and LA dietary intakes were precisely recorded in each infant to accurately determine the cumulative amount of ingested ALA and LA during two intervals: (i) between the second day after the first significant formula intake (D0) and the fifteenth day (D15); and (ii) between D0 and the first day of the 37th week of post-conception age (W37). The corresponding amounts of ingested ALA and LA were related to ALA and LA levels determined by capillary column gas-liquid chromatography in plasma cholesterol esters at D15 and W37, respectively. RESULTS: ALA in CE was very significantly correlated to D0-D15 and D0-W37 ALA intakes (0.66; P=0.0001 and 0.70; P=0.0001), respectively. LA in CE was weakly correlated to D0-D15 LA intakes (0.03; P=0.01) and whatever the group (human milk or enriched formula) the correlation was lost at W37. CONCLUSION: In preterm infants, ALA in CE can be considered as representative of ALA dietary intakes, whereas LA in CE appears as a poor marker of LA intakes. 
The aim of this study was to investigate the association of stellate cell activation with serum fibrosis markers in a rat model of hepatic fibrosis prepared using a choline-deficient L-amino acid (CDAA) defined diet. CDAA diet administration resulted in increased liver hydroxyproline contents in a time-dependent manner with activated stellate cells, expressing alpha-smooth muscle actin (alpha-SMA) as well as increased serum concentrations of amino-terminal procollagen type III peptide (PIIIP) and the 7S fragment of type IV collagen. Hydroxyproline content of the liver showed a closer correlation with the serum 7S (r = 0.75, P < 0.01) concentration than with the serum PIIIP (r = 0.51, P < 0.01) concentration. The percent area of alpha-SMA-positive cells showed stronger correlation with the serum PIIIP concentration (r = 0.85, P < 0.01) than with the 7S concentration (r = 0.50, P < 0.01). These results indicate that the serum PIIIP concentration reflects the activity of fibrogenesis, while the serum 7S concentration reflects the accumulation of collagen fibers in the liver.
BACKGROUND: Although the effects of individual foods or nutrients on the development of diseases and their risk factors have been investigated in many studies, little attention has been given to the effect of overall dietary patterns. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to examine the associations of 2 major dietary patterns, Western and prudent, with biomarkers of obesity and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. DESIGN: We used factor analysis to define major dietary patterns for a subsample of men (n = 466) from the Health Professionals Follow-up Study by using dietary information collected from food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs) in 1994. We calculated partial correlation coefficients between pattern scores and biomarker values adjusted for age, smoking status, energy and alcohol intake, physical activity, hours of television watching, and body mass index. RESULTS: We derived 2 major dietary patterns that were generally reproducible over time. The first pattern (prudent) was characterized by higher intakes of fruit, vegetables, whole grains, and poultry. The second pattern (Western) was characterized by higher intakes of red meats, high-fat dairy products, and refined grains. Using pattern scores from 1994 and adjusting for potential confounders, we found significant positive correlations between the Western pattern and insulin, C-peptide, leptin, and homocysteine concentrations, and an inverse correlation with plasma folate concentrations. The prudent pattern was positively correlated with plasma folate and inversely correlated with insulin and homocysteine concentrations. CONCLUSION: Major dietary patterns are predictors of plasma biomarkers of CVD and obesity risk, suggesting that the effect of overall diet on CVD risk may be mediated through these biomarkers. 
The effects of 8-week diethylmaleate (DEM) and clofibric acid (CFA) supplemented diet on blood pressure, body and liver weights, liver antioxidant status and nitric oxide synthase (NOS) activity were investigated in 8-week DOCA-salt treated and untreated Sprague-Dawley male rats. It appeared that DEM and particularly CFA treatments were associated with a significant decrease in blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats, and an accentuation of the decreases in body weights in both diet supplemented groups. This was not associated with increases in NO production in the liver. In contrast, hepatic lipid peroxidation was significantly decreased in both DOCA-salt treated and untreated groups on DEM and particularly on CFA supplemented diet. The protective effects of CFA and DEM against hepatic cellular damage could be involved in the decreases in blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats, where CFA was more efficient than DEM. In CFA supplemented groups, there was a strong increase in hepatic superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione-peroxidase (GSH-Px), and catalase (CAT) activities and in DEM supplemented groups, increases in SOD and CAT activities and in GSH levels were observed. Our data suggest that normalization of blood pressure in DOCA-salt treated rats by CFA was due to an enhancement of the half-life of NO while DEM increased its availability.
The effect of steroid hormones, such as estrogen and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) on psychologic well-being of women has been suggested. Dietary estrogen may also affect psychologic status. We examined the cross-sectional relationships of serum concentrations of estradiol (E2) and DHEA sulfate (DHEAS) and dietary intake of soy products to psychologic status measured using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) and General Health Questionnaire (GHQ)-12 scales in 86 peri- and postmenopausal Japanese women. Intake of soy products and other dietary components was estimated from a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. A fasting blood sample was obtained from each woman to measure serum concentrations of E2 and DHEAS. Serum DHEAS was significantly inversely correlated with CES-D scale (r = -.22, P = .04) and GHQ-12 scale (r = -.27, P = .01). Soy product intake was significantly inversely correlated with CES-D scale (r = -.22, P = .04). Neither serum E2 concentration nor the ratio of serum E2 to sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) was associated with any of the psychologic measurements. These data suggest a possibility that endogenous DHEA sulfate and dietary soy may modulate psychologic well-being of peri- and postmenopausal women.
High-fat diets are associated with insulin resistance, however, this effect may vary depending on the type of fat consumed. The purpose of this study was to determine the relationship between intakes of specific dietary fatty acids (assessed by 3-day diet records and fatty acid composition of serum cholesterol esters [CEs] and phospholipids [PLs]) and glucose and insulin concentrations during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Nineteen men and 19 women completed the study. Nine subjects had type 2 diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance. Fasting insulin correlated with reported intakes of total fat (r = .50, P < .01), monounsaturated fat (r = .44, P < .01), and saturated fat (r = .49, P < .01), but not with trans fatty acid intake (r = .11, not significant [NS]). Fasting glucose also correlated with total (r = .39, P < .05) and monounsaturated fat intakes (r = .37, P < .05). In multivariate analysis, both total and saturated fat intake were strong single predictors of fasting insulin (R2 approximately .25), and a model combining dietary and anthropometric measures accounted for 47% of the variance in fasting insulin. Significant relationships were observed between fasting insulin and the serum CE enrichments of myristic (C14:0), palmitoleic (C16:1), and dihomo-gamma-linolenic (C20:3n-6) acids. In multivariate analysis, a model containing CE 14:0 and percent body fat explained 45% of the variance in fasting insulin, and C14:0 and age explained 30% of the variance in fasting glucose. PL C20:3n-6 explained 30% of the variance in fasting insulin, and a model including PL C18:1n-11 cis, C20:3n-6, age and body fat had an R2 of .58. In conclusion, self-reported intake of saturated and monounsaturated fats, but not trans fatty acids, are associated with markers of insulin resistance. Furthermore, enhancement of dihomo-gamma-linolenic and myristic acids in serum CE and PL, presumably markers for dietary intake, predicted insulin resistance.
The urinary levels of 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OH-dG), a marker of oxidative DNA damage, of 318 healthy men aged 18 - 58 were measured with high resolution by a newly developed automated high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) system coupled to an electrochemical detector (ECD). The mean 8-OH-dG level (mg / g creatinine) was 4.12 +/- 1.73 (SD). An eleven-fold inter-individual variation was observed. The accuracy of the measurement estimated from the recovery of an added 8-OH-dG standard was 90 - 98%. By univariate analysis, it was found that moderate physical exercise (P = 0.0023) and high body mass index (BMI) (P = 0.0032) reduced the 8-OH-dG level, while physical labor (P = 0.0097), smoking (P = 0.032), and low meat intake (less than once / week) (P = 0.041) increased its level. Based on a multi-regression analysis of the log-transformed values, moderate physical exercise (P = 0.0039), high BMI (P = 0.0099), and age (P = 0.021) showed significant reducing effects on the 8-OH-dG level, while low meat intake (P = 0.010), smoking (P = 0.013), and day-night shift work (P = 0.044) increased its level. These results suggest that many types of life-style factors that either generate or scavenge oxygen radicals may affect the level of oxidative DNA damage of each individual.
OBJECTIVES: This study examined the association of smoking with serum levels and dietary intakes of antioxidants in a nationally representative sample. METHODS: This study classified 7873 apparently healthy adults aged 17 to 50 years from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III (NHANES III) data as nonsmokers or as smokers if their serum cotinine levels were either lower than 14 ng/mL or 14 ng/mL or greater, respectively. SUDAAN software was used for the statistical analysis. RESULTS: Smokers of both sexes had significantly (P < .001) lower serum levels of vitamin C, alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, and lutein/zeaxanthin. Reduction in the serum vitamin E, lycopene, and selenium levels in smokers was slight. Smokers also had significantly lower dietary intakes of vitamin C and beta-carotene. A significant (P < .001) inverse relation was found between serum vitamin C and beta-carotene levels and cotinine levels independent of diet effect, and a positive relation (P < .001) was found between serum levels and dietary intakes. CONCLUSIONS: Antioxidants appear to have differing declines in serum levels as a result of reduced dietary intakes and the effects of smoking. 
OBJECTIVE: Consumption of soy protein has recently been shown to improve the blood lipid levels in nondiabetic subjects. The purpose of this study was to evaluate if a dietary supplement of soy protein, isoflavones, and cotyledon fiber (Abalon) affects cardiovascular risk markers, blood glucose, and insulin levels in type 2 diabetic subjects. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Twenty type 2 diabetic subjects participated in a crossover trial. They were randomized to double-blind supplementation for 6 weeks with Abalon (soy protein [50 g/day] with high levels of isoflavones [minimum 165 mg/day] and cotyledon fiber [20 g/day]) or placebo (casein [50 g/day] and cellulose [20 g/day]), separated by a 3-week wash-out period. RESULTS: The results are expressed as means +/- SD. The percentage mean treatment difference between Abalon and placebo demonstrated significantly lower mean values after Abalon for LDL cholesterol (10 +/- 15%, P < 0.05), LDL/UHDL ratio (12 +/- 18%, P < 0.05), apolipoprotein (apo) B100 (30 +/- 38%, P < 0.01), triglycerides (22 +/- 10%, P < 0.05), and homocysteine (14 +/- 21%, P < 0.01), whereas the total cholesterol value tended to be less significant but still lower (8 +/- 15%, P < 0.08). No change occurred in HDL cholesterol, apo B100/apo A1 ratio, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1, factor VIIc, von Willebrand factor, fibrinogen, lipoprotein(a), glucose, HbA1c, or 24-h blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate beneficial effects of dietary supplementation with Abalon on cardiovascular risk markers in type 2 diabetic subjects. This improvement is seen even in individuals with near-normal lipid values. 
Relations of the carotenoids lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet and serum to photographic evidence of early and late age-related maculopathy (ARM) among persons over age 40 years (n = 8,222) were examined. Inverse relations of these carotenoids in the diet or serum to any form of ARM were not observed overall. There was a direct relation of dietary levels to one type of early ARM (soft drusen). However, relations differed by age and race. In the youngest age groups who were at risk for developing early (ages 40-59 years) or late (ages 60-79 years) ARM, higher levels of lutein and zeaxanthin in the diet were related to lower odds for pigmentary abnormalities, one sign of early ARM (odds ratio among persons in high vs. low quintiles = 0.1, 95 percent confidence interval: 0.1, 0.3) and of late ARM (odds ratio = 0.1, 95 percent confidence interval: 0.0, 0.9) after adjustment for age, gender, alcohol use, hypertension, smoking, and body mass index. Relations of these carotenoids to ARM may be influenced by age and race and require further evaluation in separate populations and in prospective studies.
Although several self-administered dietary assessment questionnaires have been developed for Japanese subjects, they have seldom been validated with objective measures. We validated a recently developed self-administered diet history questionnaire (DHQ) with fatty acids in serum phospholipid fractions, alpha- and beta-carotenes and alpha-tocopherol in serum as a gold standard using 86 university workers (42 men and 44 women, age-range=24-67 y). The age-adjusted Pearson partial correlation coefficients between the intakes of marine origin n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (crude values, energy-adjusted values by residual method, energy density, and fat density) and the serum phospholipid concentrations (percentage of total fatty acids) were 0.49, 0.51, 0.52, 0.48, and 0.58, 0.69. 0.66, 0.69 in men and women respectively. The correlation coefficients between intakes (microg/d) and the corresponding serum concentrations (micromol/L) were 0.43 and 0.40 in men and 0.42 and 0.60 in women for alpha- and beta-carotene respectively. It was -0.23 in men and -0.22 in women for alpha-tocopherol. The intakes of major foods (g/d) of marine origin n-3 PUFA, alpha- and beta-carotenes showed a relatively high level of correlation with the corresponding serum concentrations, whereas the level was generally lower than those observed in the analysis with the nutrient intakes. The results suggest that DHQ ranks individual adequately for marine origin n-3 PUFA, alpha- and beta-carotene intakes.
BACKGROUND: In metabolic studies, both greater carbohydrate intakes and higher glycemic indexes (GIs) raise fasting triacylglycerol concentrations. In epidemiologic studies, dietary glycemic load (GL) is positively associated with risk of coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: We examined both the physiologic relevance of GI and GL and the ability of dietary questionnaires to measure these variables. DESIGN: In the Nurses' Health Study, we measured plasma triacylglycerol concentrations in fasting blood samples from 185 healthy postmenopausal women and HDL-cholesterol concentrations in an additional 95 nonfasting samples. Dietary carbohydrate, GI, and GL were assessed by use of semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaires. The cross-sectional associations between these 3 variables and plasma triacylglycerol and HDL were assessed, with adjustment for potential confounding factors. RESULTS: For the lowest and highest quintiles of GL, the multivariate-adjusted geometric mean triacylglycerol concentrations were 0.98 and 1.75 mmol/L (87 and 155 mg/dL; P for trend < 0.001). Both overall GI (P for trend = 0.03) and carbohydrate (P for trend < 0.01) contributed independently to the strong positive association between GL and fasting triacylglycerol concentrations. GL was also inversely associated with HDL-cholesterol concentrations. For the lowest and highest quintiles of GL, the mean HDL-cholesterol concentrations were 1.50 and 1.34 micromol/L (58 and 52 mg/dL; P for trend = 0.03). The relation between GL and fasting triacylglycerol concentrations differed significantly by body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)) categories (P < 0.001 for interaction). For the lowest to the highest quintiles of GL, the mean triacylglycerol concentrations were 0.92 and 2.24 mmol/L (81 and 198 mg/dL) in women with BMIs > 25 (P for trend < 0.001) and 1.02 and 1.42 mmol/L (90 and 126 mg/dL) in women with BMIs < or = 25 (P for trend < 0.001). CONCLUSION: These data support the physiologic relevance of the GL as a potential risk factor for coronary artery disease in free-living women, particularly those prone to insulin resistance. These findings also document the ability of a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire to assess dietary GIs and GLs. 
BACKGROUND: Little is known about the variation of the glycemic index (GI) in the diet of European outpatients with type 1 diabetes and how the GI of a commonly consumed diet is associated with metabolic control. OBJECTIVE: The present study examined the calculated dietary GI of European outpatients with type 1 diabetes for possible relations to glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)) and serum lipid concentrations. DESIGN: The relation of the GI (calculated from a 3-d dietary record) to Hb A(1c), serum cholesterol (total, LDL, and HDL), and fasting triacylglycerol was analyzed in 2810 people with type 1 diabetes from the EURODIAB Complications Study. RESULTS: The GI was independently related to Hb A(1c) (P = 0.0001). Compared with the highest GI quartile (median GI: 89), adjusted Hb A(1c) in the lowest GI quartile (median GI: 75) was 11% lower in patients from southern European centers and 6% lower in patients from northern, western, and eastern European centers. Of the serum lipids, only the HDL cholesterol in patients from these European centers was independently related to the GI (P = 0.002). In southern European centers, the consumption of pasta, temperate-climate fruit, white bread, and potatoes largely determined the patients' dietary GI, whereas in the northern, western, and eastern European centers, consumption of bread, potatoes, and temperate-climate fruit was most relevant. CONCLUSIONS: This study in European patients with type 1 diabetes showed that a lower dietary GI is related to lower Hb A(1c) concentrations, independently of fiber intake. The consumption of bread and pasta had the biggest effect on the overall dietary GI of European outpatients. 
The fatty acid intake is in part reflected by the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue and serum lipids. We evaluated whether the proportions of myristic (14:0), pentadecanoic (15:0) and heptadecanoic (17:0) fatty acids in the adipose tissue triacylglycerols and serum cholesterol esters and phospholipids reflect long-term dairy fat consumption in free-living men. In 114 healthy men aged 40-76 y, we compared the relative content of 14:0, 15:0 and 17:0 in subcutaneous adipose tissue and in serum lipids with relative intake (g/100 g of total fat) assessed by two 1-wk weighed food records made 6 mo apart and assessed by fourteen 24-h dietary recall interviews equally distributed during 1 y. According to food records, the mean +/- SD dairy fat intake was 24.9 +/- 13.1 g/d (29.6 +/- 10.5 g/100 g total fat); intake of 14:0, 15:0 and 17:0 was 4.6, 0.23 and 0.16 g/100 g total fat, and the content in adipose tissue was 3.6, 0.36 and 0.25 g/100 g fatty acids, respectively. Pearson correlation coefficients between intake of dairy fat (based on 24-h recalls) and fatty acid composition of adipose tissue were 0.64 (P: < 0.001) for 14:0, 0.74 (P: < 0.001) for 15:0 and 0.60 (P: < 0.001) for 15:0 + 17:0. Corresponding correlations with serum cholesterol esters were 0.34 (P: < 0.001) (14:0), 0.45 (P: < 0.001) (15:0) and 0.56 (P: < 0.001) (15:0 + 17:0), and with serum phospholipids the values were 0.30 (P: < 0.01) (14:0), 0.50 (P: < 0.001) (15:0) and 0.50 (P: < 0.001) (15:0 plus 17:0). In our study population, the relative content of 15:0 or 14:0 in adipose tissue is a valid biomarker for long-term dairy fat intake in free-living individuals. When adipose tissue is not available, 15:0 content in serum cholesterol esters or phospholipids might be used. Intake data based on repeated 24-h recalls are equally informative and may be an equivalent choice in nutritional studies.
The purpose of this study was to examine the relation of leptin to metabolic and dietary factors in college-age adults. Young adult women and men (n = 32) were recruited and underwent testing for measurement of body mass index, body composition, peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak), dietary intake, and plasma levels of leptin and insulin. Ln leptin was significantly greater for women than for men (2.1 versus 1.2 ng/mL, respectively). This difference remained significant even after adjusting ln leptin for fat mass and fat-free mass as covariates in separate analyses. VO2peak was higher for men than for women and this remained significant after adjustment for differences in fat-free mass and total body mass. Significant correlations were found between ln leptin and indicators of fat mass in women and men, with higher correlations for similar variables observed in men (r = 0.548, 0.674, and 0.732 for body mass index, percentage of body fat, and fat mass [kg] for women, respectively, and r = 0.740, 0.888, 0.858 for body mass index, percentage of body fat, and fat mass [kg] for men, respectively). Ln leptin showed a significant inverse relationship with VO2peak (r = -0.751) in men only. After adjusting ln leptin for body fat mass using partial correlations, ln leptin was not significantly associated with any of the measured variables. Alternatively, after normalization of ln leptin using fat mass as the divisor, a less adequate statistical analysis method, men showed statistical significant correlations between ln leptin and dietary intake and VO2peak. Although plasma leptin values were higher in women, stronger associations were evident for men than for women between leptin and metabolic and dietary factors.
OBJECTIVE: Leptin, the product of the obesity (ob) gene, is a multi-functional polypeptide that is important in energy metabolism, which is strongly correlated with body fat mass and body mass index (BMI). In a recent prospective study, we found that leptin was positively associated with 4 y weight gain among overweight and obese men. This suggests that leptin resistance, marked by hyperleptinemia among obese subjects, may be an important marker for weight gain. The purpose of this study is to evaluate whether modifiable dietary and lifestyle factors are associated with plasma leptin concentrations among US men. METHODS: We included 268 men aged 47--83 y (who were free of cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus and cancer, except nonmelanoma skin cancer) from the ongoing Health Professionals Follow-up Study. These subjects completed a detailed dietary and lifestyle questionnaire (including cigarette smoking, alcohol drinking and physical activity) and provided a fasting venous blood sample in 1994. All blood samples were stored in a deep freeze (-70 degrees C) for 4--5 y before being analyzed. Plasma leptin concentrations were measured by radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: Men in the highest quintile of plasma leptin (mean=14.4 ng/ml) weighed more, were less physically active, and had higher total and saturated fat and cholesterol intake than men in the lowest quintile (mean=3.0 ng/ml). Physical activity and current smoking were inversely associated with plasma leptin concentrations (P<0.001). A 20 MET difference in physical activity per week (equivalent to approximately 3 h of jogging) was associated with 0.38--0.58 ng/ml lower plasma leptin concentrations for normal weight and overweight men after adjusting for total energy and fat intake, BMI and other confounding variables. Total fat and monounsaturated fat intakes were positively associated with plasma leptin concentrations even after adjusting for BMI and other confounding variables; however, this association was limited to men of normal weight (BMI<25 kg/m(2)). CONCLUSION: These data suggest that physical activity may be a significant determinant of plasma leptin concentrations in men. Increasing physical activity is associated with lower plasma leptin concentrations even after adjusting for BMI. Physical activity may lower leptin concentrations not only due to decreased body fat mass, but potentially through an increase in leptin sensitivity. International Journal of Obesity (2001) 25, 106-114 
BACKGROUND: Previous studies of associations between diet, obesity, and blood concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene have been equivocal. Furthermore, most studies used only body mass index (BMI) as an obesity measure. OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to examine the associations between energy and nutrient intakes, alcohol consumption, tobacco use, and serum cholesterol and serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene, and to examine the associations between different measures of general and central adiposity and serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and beta-carotene. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional, population-based study of 253 men and 276 women aged 46-67 y. Nutrient data were collected by a modified diet history method. Measures of obesity included BMI, percentage of body fat (impedance analysis), waist-to-hip ratio, and waist circumference. The associations between serum nutrient concentrations and the other factors were examined by multiple linear regression. RESULTS: Twenty-one percent of men and 34% of women used antioxidant supplements. The mean BMI was 26.1 in men and 25.4 in women. Serum beta-carotene concentration was positively associated with serum cholesterol concentration, fiber intake, and beta-carotene intake, and negatively associated with smoking and all measures of obesity. In men, serum beta-carotene concentration was not significantly associated with central adiposity after adjustment for body fat. Serum alpha-tocopherol concentration was positively correlated with serum cholesterol, obesity, and vitamin E intake. In women, serum alpha-tocopherol concentration was also positively associated with intakes of ascorbic acid and selenium. Serum alpha-tocopherol concentration was associated with central adiposity after adjustment for body fat. CONCLUSION: Serum beta-carotene and alpha-tocopherol concentrations have different associations with diet, smoking, general adiposity, and central adiposity. 
BACKGROUND: Our understanding of the role of nutrients in bone development in children is limited. OBJECTIVE: We examined the associations between urinary potassium, urinary sodium, usual dietary intake, and bone mineral density (BMD) in prepubertal children. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of 330 boys and girls aged 8 y. Urinary measures were assessed in a single, timed, overnight urine specimen. Usual diet was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire completed by a parent or guardian. BMD at the femoral neck, lumbar spine, and total body was measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. RESULTS: Urinary potassium correlated significantly with BMD at all sites (femoral neck: r = 0.20, P < 0.001; lumbar spine: r = 0.19, P = 0.001; total body: r = 0.24, P < 0.001). After adjustment for confounders (primarily lean body mass), this association was lower in magnitude but remained significant at 2 sites with a consistent trend at the third (femoral neck: P = 0.15; lumbar spine: P = 0.046; total body: P = 0.028). Urinary sodium was not associated with BMD at any site. No nutrient or food intake estimate was associated with BMD, although urinary potassium correlated significantly with potassium intake (r = 0.14, P = 0.016) and fruit and vegetable intake (r = 0.12, P = 0.033). CONCLUSIONS: Urinary potassium was associated with both dietary intake and BMD independent of lean body mass in these well-nourished, calcium-replete young children. These findings should be confirmed in further longitudinal studies. Nevertheless, this association is likely to represent dietary intake of potassium and suggests that measurement of urinary potassium is superior to food-frequency questionnaires for assessing potassium intake in this age group. 
The objective of the present study was to describe the intake of dietary fatty acids among healthy 15-year-old boys and girls and to relate the intake of specific fatty acids and the fatty acid composition of the serum cholesterol esters to serum lipid, apolipoprotein (Apo) and insulin concentrations respectively. Fifty-two girls and forty-two boys were randomly selected from the official population register. Unexpectedly, significant inverse associations were found between the dietary content of saturated fatty acids with a chain length of four to fifteen C atoms, mainly derived from milk fat, as well as the corresponding fatty acids in the serum cholesterol esters, on the one hand and the serum concentrations of cholesterol and ApoB on the other. The estimated dietary intake of 4:0-10:0, 12:0 and 14:0 respectively, were all significantly inversely related to the serum cholesterol (r -0.32, r -0.31, r -0.30, all and ApoB (r -0.42, r -0.42, and r -0.40, all concentrations in girls and 12:0 to the ApoB concentration (r -0.55, in boys. The proportions of 12:0 and 15:0 in the serum cholesterol esters were negatively correlated with the serum cholesterol concentrations in both girls (r -0.34, r -0.32, and boys (r -0.53, r -0.32, and with the ApoB concentrations among boys (r -0.61, r -0.43, It is conceivable that milk fat contains or is associated with some component in the diet, or some other characteristics of the food intake, which counterbalances the expected positive relationships between saturated fat intake and lipid levels.
OBJECTIVE: To apply structural equation modelling (SEM) and estimation of variance components to the relative validation data obtained from the quantitative food frequency questionnaire (QFFQ) used in the Transition, Health and Urbanisation in South Africa (THUSA) study. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. SETTING: A community-based field study in an African population conducted during 1996. SUBJECTS: Residents of the North West Province, South Africa, aged between 15 and 65 years. METHODS: Relative validity of the QFFQ was tested against 7-day weighed food records, 24-hour urinary nitrogen (UN) excretion and estimated basal metabolic rate (BMR). SEM and estimation of variance components were applied to the log-transformed energy, protein, fat, calcium, iron, vitamin A and vitamin C intakes. UN excretion was used as a biomarker in the application of the SEM to protein and estimated BMR to energy intakes. RESULTS: Constant bias (alphaQ) derived by the SEM varied from 0.85 (vitamin C) to 5.8 (energy). There was significant proportional bias for all nutrients except vitamin C. Validation coefficients (ro(Q,T) varied from 0.3 (fat, calcium, iron) to 0.7 (vitamin C). The inclusion of estimated BMR in the SEM for energy increased ro(Q, T) from 0.38 to 0.42. The estimation of variance components gave slightly lower correlations for the relationship between intakes from the QFFQ and the unknown true intake. CONCLUSIONS: Robust statistical methods were successfully applied in a relative validation study for a QFFQ in an African population. Estimated BMR as a biomarker for energy intake produced more meaningful results than UN excretion as a biomarker for protein intake. 
In a meta-analysis of randomized trials of the effects of dietary sodium interventions on blood pressure, we found substantial heterogeneity among the studies. We were interested in evaluating whether measurement error, known to be a problem for dietary sodium measures, publication bias, or confounding factors could be responsible for the heterogeneity. A measurement error correction was developed that corrects both the slope and the intercept and takes into account the sample size of each study and the number of measurements taken on an individual. The measurement error correction had a minimal effect on the estimates, although it performed well in simulated data. A smoothed scatter plot was used to assess publication bias. Metaregressions provide a convenient way to jointly assess the effects of several factors, but care must be taken to fit an appropriate model.
The relationship between alcohol consumption, blood pressure and left ventricular mass remains uncertain. A detailed alcohol intake history, clinic blood pressure measurements, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure recordings and measurements of left ventricular mass using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) were performed in 98 males aged 47.9 +/- 9.7 years, 20 of whom were receiving antihypertensive monotherapy. Alcohol consumption (median intake 315 g/week, range 0-2050) was significantly related to supine systolic clinic blood pressures (beta = 0.20, p = 0.05) but not to clinic supine diastolic blood pressures (beta = 0.12, p = 0.25), 24-h blood pressures (systolic: beta = -0.03, p = 0.75; diastolic beta = -0.05, p = 0.60), awake blood pressures or sleeping blood pressures. Alcohol consumption was not related to left ventricular mass index (beta = -0.05, p = 0.59). Left ventricular mass was strongly related to mean 24-h systolic blood pressures (beta = 0.28, p = 0.01), mean awake and sleeping systolic blood pressures, and less strongly to clinic systolic blood pressures (beta = 0.23, p = 0.03). These results were not significantly altered by adjusting for age, smoking, body mass index or alcohol intake, or by excluding the 20 men who were receiving antihypertensive therapy. The results of this study suggest that alcohol consumption at levels commonly encountered in the community is not an important predictor of left ventricular mass index in men, either via direct effects or by indirect effects on blood pressure.
1. This study investigated the effects of supplementary dietary L-carnitine on the performance, serum components, carcase traits and specific activities of hepatic enzymes related to beta-oxidation of fatty acids in broiler chickens. One hundred and eighty 1-d-old broilers were divided into 2 groups, each with 3 replicates, and given diets supplemented with 0 and 160 mg L-carnitine/kg for 6 weeks. 2. Experimental results indicated that supplementary carnitine did not significantly influence the performance and carcase characteristics of the broilers. 3. The serum triacylglycerol (TG) and nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA) concentrations in the carnitine supplemented group were significantly lower than that in the control group (P < 0.05). However, the effect on serum cholesterol, phospholipids concentrations and lipoprotein profiles were not significant (P > 0.05). 4. Carnitine palmitoyl transferase activity in the carnitine-supplemented group was significantly (P < 0.05) higher than in the control; however, carnitine supplementation did not significantly affect the activities of other fatty acid beta-oxidation enzymes. 5. The results in this study demonstrated that supplementary carnitine facilitated fatty acid transportation and did not influence the performance or carcase characteristics of broilers.
We conducted a cross-sectional pilot study on healthy pre-menopausal women (aged 45-50 years) living in Granada, in the south of Spain (n = 39) and Malm, in the south of Sweden (n = 38) in order to compare their plasma carotenoid levels and to investigate the relationship between the differences in food consumption. Plasma concentrations of six carotenoids were measured using high performance liquid chromatography, habitual diet (at individual level) was estimated by food frequency questionnaires and 24-hour diet recalls were used for standardised measurement of diet at group-level. We found that women in Granada consumed more fruit and vegetables than women in Malm. Plasma concentrations of beta-cryptoxanthin, lycopene, zeaxanthin, total carotenoids and alpha-tocopherol were higher in Granada than in Malm, although plasma concentrations of alpha-carotene and retinol were higher in Malm. Both within and between study centres, consumption of fruit and vegetables correlated positively with plasma concentrations of different carotenoids. The study showed that differences in consumption of fruit and vegetables between the two European centres were reflected in plasma carotenoid concentrations.
Several studies in the Amazonian Basin have shown that riverine populations are exposed to methylmercury through fish consumption. It has been suggested that seasonal variations in hair mercury observed through sequential analyses may be related to the changes in fish species ingested by the local communities. The aim of the present study was to investigate the relationship between fish-eating practices and seasonal variation in mercury exposure. A group of 36 women from a village located on the banks of the Tapajs River, a major tributary of the Amazon, comprised the present study population. An interview-administered questionnaire was used to gather information on socio-demographic characteristics, fish-eating practices and other relevant information. The women also provided hair samples of at least 24 cm in length for mercury analysis. Hair total and inorganic mercury concentration was measured using a cold vapor atomic absorption analytical method. Trigonometric regression analysis was done to assess the seasonal variation of total mercury levels. Variations in inorganic mercury were examined by repeated measures analysis of variance, and analysis of contrast variable with a polynomial transformation. The results showed that hair mercury levels varied with the season. Higher levels were observed in months corresponding to the dry season, with lower levels in the rainy season. Herbivorous fish predominated the diet for 47.2% of the women during the dry season, but this rose to 72.2% during the rainy season. Those who reported eating fish daily had higher mercury levels in hair compared to those who only ate fish a few times per week. Retrospective mercury analyses, evaluated by the quantity of mercury present in each centimeter of hair, indicate that mean mercury level of the population decreased over the 2 years prior to the study. The percentage of inorganic mercury over the total mercury in hair increased towards the extremities of the hair strand. Higher percentages of inorganic mercury were found for the group who ate more fish (on a daily consumption basis). These results support the assumption that there are seasonal variations in methylmercury exposure and also a relationship between type of fish species consumed and the resulting hair mercury levels.
Curcumin prevents colon cancer in rodent models. It inhibits lipid peroxidation and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression and induces glutathione S-transferase (GST) enzymes. We tested the hypothesis that 14 days of dietary curcumin (2%) affects biomarkers relevant to cancer chemoprevention in the rat. Levels of inducible COX-2, as reflected by prostaglandin E(2) production by blood leukocytes, were measured ex vivo. Total GST activity and adducts of malondialdehyde with DNA (M(1)G), which reflect endogenous lipid peroxidation, were measured in colon mucosa, liver, and blood leukocytes. Curcumin and its metabolites were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography in plasma, and its pharmacokinetics were compared following a diet containing 2% curcumin versus intragastric (i.g.) administration of curcumin suspended in an amphiphilic solvent. The curcumin diet did not alter any of the markers in the blood but increased hepatic GST by 16% and decreased colon M(1)G levels by 36% when compared with controls. Administration of carbon tetrachloride during the treatment period increased colon M(1)G levels, and this increase was prevented by dietary curcumin. Dietary curcumin yielded low drug levels in the plasma, between 0 and 12 nM, whereas tissue concentrations of curcumin in liver and colon mucosa were 0.1--0.9 nmol/g and 0.2--1.8 micromol/g, respectively. In comparison with dietary administration, suspended curcumin given i.g. resulted in more curcumin in the plasma but much less in the colon mucosa. The results show that curcumin mixed with the diet achieves drug levels in the colon and liver sufficient to explain the pharmacological activities observed and suggest that this mode of administration may be preferable for the chemoprevention of colon cancer.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the associations between composition of the diet at 18 months of age and ferritin and haemoglobin levels. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: A total of 796 children taking part in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Pregnancy and Childhood (ALSPAC). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Food and nutrient intakes and haemoglobin and ferritin levels at 18 months. METHODS: Diet was assessed by a 3-day unweighed food record. A heel-prick capillary blood sample was taken for measurement of ferritin and haemoglobin. RESULTS: Ferritin levels were negatively associated with the amount of cows' milk consumed (r = -0.2462, P < 0.001) and calcium intake (equivalent to a 4-5% drop in ferritin levels for a 100 mg increase in energy-adjusted calcium intake). Haemoglobin levels were positively associated with energy-adjusted vitamin C intake and were higher in children who ate any fruit (P = 0.024) or any vegetables (P = 0.030). The associations between nutrient intakes and ferritin and haemoglobin levels remained on adjustment for socio-demographic factors. The prevalence of low haemoglobin levels was higher in those children who consumed no meat or poultry (28.8% vs 19.0% overall, P = 0.044). CONCLUSIONS: Higher levels of milk and dairy product consumption are associated with lower ferritin levels in children of this age, and over-reliance on these foods should be avoided. Fruit and vegetable consumption should be encouraged, and the inclusion of a little meat or fish in the diet of small children is advisable. 
BACKGROUND: Narrative reviews have concluded that there is a small association between coffee consumption and an increased risk of urinary tract cancer, possibly due to confounding by smoking. No association for tea consumption has been indicated. This systematic review attempts to summarize and quantify these associations both unadjusted and adjusted for age, smoking and sex. METHOD: Thirty-four case-control and three follow-up studies were included in this systematic review. Summary odds ratios (OR) were calculated by meta-regression analyses. RESULTS: The unadjusted summary OR indicated a small increased risk of urinary tract cancer for current coffee consumers versus non-drinkers. The adjusted summary OR were: 1.26 (95% CI : 1.09-1.46) for studies with only men, 1.08 (95% CI : 0.79-1.46) for studies with only women and 1.18 (95% CI : 1.01-1.38) for studies with men and women combined. Neither unadjusted nor adjusted summary OR provided evidence for a positive association between tea consumption and urinary tract cancer. Even though studies differed in methodology, the results were rather consistent. We did not perform dose-response analyses for coffee and tea consumption due to sparse data. CONCLUSIONS: In accordance with earlier reviews, we found that coffee consumption increases the risk of urinary tract cancer by approximately 20%. The consumption of tea seems not to be related to an increased risk of urinary tract cancer. 
BACKGROUND: An elevated plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentration is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. Folate, riboflavin, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12 are essential in homocysteine metabolism. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to describe the association between dietary intakes of folate, riboflavin, vitamin B-6, and vitamin B-12 and the nonfasting plasma tHcy concentration. DESIGN: A random sample of 2435 men and women aged 20-65 y from a population-based Dutch cohort examined in 1993-1996 was analyzed cross-sectionally. RESULTS: Univariately, intakes of all B vitamins were inversely related to the plasma tHcy concentration. In multivariate models, only folate intake remained inversely associated with the plasma tHcy concentration. Mean plasma tHcy concentrations (adjusted for intakes of riboflavin, vitamin B-6, vitamin B-12, and methionine and for age, smoking, and alcohol consumption) in men with low (first quintile: 161 microg/d) and high (fifth quintile: 254 microg/d) folate intakes were 15.4 and 13.2 micromol/L, respectively; in women, plasma tHcy concentrations were 13.7 and 12.4 micromol/L at folate intakes of 160 and 262 microg/d, respectively. In men, the difference in the mean plasma tHcy concentration between men with low and high folate intakes was greater in smokers than in nonsmokers (2.8 compared with 1.6 micromol/L) and greater in nondrinkers than in drinkers of >2 alcoholic drinks/d (3.5 compared with 1.4 micromol/L). In women, the association between folate intake and plasma tHcy was not modified by smoking or alcohol consumption. CONCLUSIONS: In this Dutch population, folate was the only B vitamin independently inversely associated with the plasma tHcy concentration. Changing dietary habits may substantially influence the plasma tHcy concentration in the general population. 
An increasing number of both clinical and experimental studies have shown an association between deficiencies of the dietary sources of physiological methyl groups and cancer formation. The critical metabolic intermediate in a determination of methylation status is S-adenosylmethionine (SAM), the body's chief physiological methyl donor. The present study examined the erythrocyte levels of SAM and of its demethylated metabolite S-adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) in 66 normal subjects (33 men and 33 women), whose blood had been drawn at days 0, 7 and 14 of an experimental period during which they were fed a fixed diet. The plasma levels of homocysteine (HCys) were also determined in the same individuals at the same time points. In addition, the subjects had completed a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) describing their usual dietary habits before being placed on the dietary regimen. The blood levels of SAM, SAH, and HCys were compared with the dietary intakes of folate, vitamin B(6), fats, and calories, both prior to using the FFQ and during the experimental period. The results indicated that the intraindividual differences were very low, but the interindividual differences were large for the values of SAM, SAH, SAM:SAH ratios, and HCys. Interestingly, the blood levels of SAM and HCys were higher in men than in women and generally showed the expected correlations with folate intake i.e., positive for SAM and negative for HCys. The intakes of folate (276 microg/days) and B(6) (1.87 mg/days) during the 2-week experimental period were relatively low compared with the usual intakes of these vitamins (375 and 2.06 mg/day for folate and B(6), respectively) but correlated well with each other during both periods of the study. Surprisingly, both men and women showed a significant rise in erythrocyte SAM:SAH ratios as a function of age. In addition, the combined results from men and women, even adjusted for gender, showed significant correlations between HCys and both weight and body mass index. On the other hand, during the experimental period of the study, blood SAM levels were inversely correlated with the intakes of both fat and calories when the data for both men and women were combined and adjusted for gender. The blood determinations of SAM and related compounds showed a high degree of reproducibility over time and thus appear to provide a practical marker of methylation status for the assessment of cancer risk from dietary, environmental, and genetic factors.
Our aim was to examine differences in dietary intake and blood pressure (BP) and their associations in four different ethnic Chinese populations, the Han, the Uygur, the Kazak and Tibetan subjects. This study used a sub-database of the Chinese sample of the WHO-Cardiovascular Diseases and Alimentary Comparison (CARDIAC) Study. The WHO-CARDIAC Study was a multicenter cross-sectional study. In each center, 100 men and 100 women aged 48-56 years were selected at random from the local population. Various markers of dietary intake and their relation with BP were studied. The results of the present study indicated the following. 1) There were significant differences in mean BP and prevalence rates of hypertension, with both being higher in the Kazak and Tibetan subjects than in Han and Uygur subjects. 2) The highest mean body mass index (BMI) was observed in the Kazak subjects, while the highest 24-h urinary sodium (Na) and sodium to potassium (Na/K) ratio excretion were observed in the Tibetan subjects. There were also significant differences in other factors, such as magnesium, 3-methylhistidine (3MH) (a biological marker of animal protein intake) and taurine (a biological marker of seafood intake) excretion levels among the four ethnic peoples. 3) In general, BMI, Na and/or Na/K ratios were positively, and 3MH/creatinine and taurine/creatinine ratios were negatively associated with BP. 4) After adjustment for age, sex and potassium, subjects with obesity (BMI > or =26 kg/m2) had significantly higher relative risk of being hypertensive (HT) than those with BMI<26 kg/m2 in the Han, Uygur and Kazak populations; and subjects with elevated sodium excretion (Na > or =244 mmol/day) had significantly higher relative risk of being HT than those with Na<244 mmol/day in the Han, Uygur and Tibetan populations. In conclusion, mean BP and prevalence rates of hypertension were significantly different among the four ethnic groups. These differences are likely to be due, at least in part, to the differences in several diet-related factors, which in turn are associated with culture and environmental differences. Different health promotion strategies might thus be emphasized in different populations.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the usefulness of serum carotenoids as biomarkers of fruit and vegetable consumption. DESIGN: : Reproducibility study on three repeat measurements of serum carotenoids. Correlation analysis of carotenoids and dietary food intake, and regression analysis of potential predictive parameters for serum carotenoid levels. SETTING: New York, USA. SUBJECT: : Women participating in the New York Women's Health Study, a prospective study of sex hormones, diet and breast cancer. Forty-eight women with three repeat blood samples and 302 women having a blood sample and a dietary history questionnaire (including 47 subjects from the reproducibility study). RESULTS: Serum carotenoid concentrations were highly reproducible between one- and two-year repeat samples. Estimated fruit and vegetable consumption was positively correlated with serum carotenoid concentrations but correlation coefficients were low. Consumption of fruit was predictive for serum levels of beta-carotene, alpha-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin, while vegetable consumption was predictive for serum beta-carotene, lutein, zeaxanthin and lycopene. Serum concentrations of cholesterol and triglycerides were predictive for serum carotenoids but adjustment for their levels had little or no influence on the correlation between fruit and vegetable consumption and serum carotenoid concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: One single serum measurement of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene and lutein can accurately rank subjects according to their usual serum level. Serum concentrations, however, correlate only moderately with estimated dietary intake of fruits or vegetables and should therefore be used with caution as biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake. 
OBJECTIVE: Brassica vegetable consumption (e.g. broccoli) leads to excretion of isothiocyanates (ITC) in urine. We evaluated the consistency of ITC as a biomarker for dietary Brassica vegetable consumption across the types of vegetables and methods of preparation used in Western societies, and across consumption levels. DESIGN: A single-armed behavioural intervention with duplicate baseline assessment and post-intervention assessment. Urinary ITC excretion and estrogen metabolites were measured from 24-hour urine samples. Dietary intake was measured by a 24-hour recall. SETTING: The behavioural intervention facilitated daily Brassica intake among participants by providing peer support, food preparation instruction, guided practice in a teaching kitchen, and other information. SUBJECTS: Thirty-four healthy free-living postmenopausal women who recently had a negative screening mammogram at the University of Massachusetts Medical Center. RESULTS: Urinary ITC excretion and total Brassica intake followed the same pattern over the intervention. The ITC biomarker significantly predicted Brassica intake when Brassica consumption averaged about 100 g day-1, but not when Brassica consumption averaged about 200 g day-1. Urinary ITC levels were somewhat higher when more raw vegetables were consumed as compared to lightly cooked vegetables, while the types of Brassica consumed appeared to have only a small, non-significant effect on urinary ITC levels. CONCLUSION: Urinary ITC excretion would be a good exposure biomarker among populations regularly consuming a vegetable serving/day, but may be less accurate among populations with greater intake levels or a wide range of cooking practices. 
BACKGROUND: The increased consumption of n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) has been shown to coincide with the increased prevalence of atopic diseases. We aimed to investigate whether maternal diet and atopic status influence the PUFA composition of breast milk and the serum lipid fatty acids of infants. METHODS: Maternal diet was assessed by a food questionnaire. The PUFA composition of breast milk obtained at 3 months from 20 allergic and 20 healthy mothers and of their infants' (10 atopic and 10 nonatopic/group of mothers) serum lipids was analyzed. RESULTS: Although no differences in maternal PUFA intake were observed, the breast milk of allergic mothers contained less gamma-linolenic acid (18:3 n-6) than that of healthy mothers. Similarly, atopic infants had less gamma-linolenic acid in phospholipids than healthy infants, although n-6 PUFA were elevated in other serum lipid fractions in atopic infants. The serum lipid fatty acids in atopic infants did not correlate with those in maternal breast milk. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that dietary n-6 PUFA are not as readily transferred into breast milk or incorporated into serum phospholipids, but may be utilized for other purposes, such as eicosanoid precursors, in allergic/atopic individuals. Subsequently, high dietary proportions of n-6 PUFA, or reduced proportions of regulatory PUFA, such as gamma-linolenic acid and n-3 PUFA, may be a risk factor for the development of atopic disease. 
The validity of 7 d weighed records of diet obtained for pre-menopausal Mexican women was assessed by two independent methods: the energy intake:BMR (EI:BMR) and the dietary N:urinary N (DN:UN). For the latter, complete urine collections are required and completeness was assessed from measurements of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) excretion. There were forty-six adult female subjects in the study, thirty-four were from Mexico City and twelve were from a rural population in the Central Highlands, Mexico. However, data were rejected from five urban women for whom the PABA excretion data suggested incomplete urine collection on four or more days. BMR was measured with Oxylog portable O2 consumption meters, and physical activity level was assessed from a self-completed activity diary. An approximate relationship between the EI:BMR ratio and the DN:UN ratio suggested that the rejection limits on the EI:BMR ratio recommended by are wider than the limits on the DN:UN ratio recommended by. Using the recommended cut-off points for EI:BMR but wider limits for DN:UN, twenty-one and twenty-five women respectively had acceptable intake records by the two methods, and sixteen of them by both methods. In conclusion the modification of the DN:UN limits to 0.92 and 1.70 to set acceptable intake values makes the use of measurements of N and energy balance comparable. Urine values with PABA recoveries greater than should be rejected, as should UN values validated by less than 3 d.
This study endeavours to clarify the effect of alcohol consumption on changes in the blood pressure of Japanese men. The subjects, who were followed from 1990 to 1995, were 2189 male normotensive steelworkers aged from 40 to 54 years in 1990. Drinking habits were represented by two variables: average daily baseline alcohol consumption, and change in alcohol consumption during the observation period, both derived from self-report questionnaires and interviews. Nine other items were analysed as covariates: systolic and diastolic blood pressure, age, body mass index (BMI), salt intake, physical activity, and levels of gamma glutamyl transpeptidase (GTP), uric acid and plasma glucose in 1990. The association between drinking habits and blood pressure was evaluated using ANCOVA. Subjects who had initiated antihypertensive therapy by 1995 were excluded from this dataset. The results of analysis disclosed that both daily alcohol consumption and its change were significantly associated with changes in systolic and diastolic blood pressure during the observation period. J-shaped associations of daily alcohol consumption with adjusted changes in systolic and diastolic blood pressure were found. Positive associations were observed between changes in alcohol consumption and adjusted changes in systolic and diastolic blood pressure. In conclusion, daily alcohol consumption was associated non-linearly with changes in blood pressure and with a threshold effect at 18 ml of ethanol per day in these middle-aged Japanese workers. In addition, increasing alcohol consumption was associated with blood pressure elevation, and decreasing consumption was associated with suppression of blood pressure elevation.
The gulf killifish, Fundulus grandis, was used to determine the influence of biological rhythms on three biomarker responses. We first developed monoclonal antibodies against the model's immunoglobulins and vitellogenin in order to measure antibody responses and vitellogenesis, respectively. We then treated adults with 10, 1, 1, and 10 ppm of Aroclor 1254, tribuyltin, 3-methylcholanthrene, and nonyl-phenol, respectively, in mixtures over a 16-week period. The study followed Vibrio anguillarum-specific antibody responses, hepatic CYP1A, and plasma vitellogenin levels in the morning and again in the evening at 2-week intervals. The contaminated diet suppressed secondary antibody responses, but only in the morning. The contaminated diet also altered CYP1A, but not vitellogenesis. In addition, fish in the control group exhibited daily and seasonal differences in specific antibody levels and CYP1A induction. Moreover, circulating vitellogenin levels in control males sampled in the morning increased throughout the exposure, but remained below those of females. This study underscores the need to consider normal physiological rhythms when employing biomarkers in toxicology.
The aim of this study was to compare the differences of dietary and non-dietary factors in hypertension and normal blood pressure (BP) of Chinese urban people. Two cross-sectional population surveys were carried out in Tianjin, one of the three largest cities in China. A total of 2068 subjects aged 35-64 years were selected by a random stratified cluster sampling, 367 men and 395 women were hypertensive, and 623 men and 683 women had normal BP. The diet was assessed by food weighing plus consecutive individual 3-day food records. Health status, health behaviours and anthropomentry were assessed. The whole population had a high sodium and low potassium consumption level. Hypertensive men and women had significantly higher daily dietary sodium intake (P < 0.05) and hypertensive women had higher dietary sodium-to-potassium ratio (P < 0.01) than men and women with normal BP. Age, body mass index, overweight and family history of hypertension were positively related to high BP. dietary sodium intake and dietary sodium-to-potassium ratio were positively associated with high BP. Education level in women and commuting physical activity in men were inversely associated with high BP.
The relationships of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) and their mathematical combination (gamma-CDT) with self-reported diseases were evaluated in a large cross-sectional risk factor survey. Significant gender effects were observed in associations of the markers with several medical conditions as well as with general health care utilization. In men, CDT was associated with rheumatoid arthritis. In both genders, GGT was positively associated with hypertension and diabetes. gamma-CDT was positively associated with hypertension in males and with asthma in females. This general population study demonstrates that these markers, although most commonly used to assess alcohol misuse, might also serve as health risk indicators.
The Cadmium Dietary Exposure Model (CDEM) utilizes national survey data on food cadmium concentrations and food consumption patterns to estimate dietary intakes in the U.S. population. The CDEM has been linked to a modification of the cadmium biokinetic model of Kjellstrm and Nordlberg (KNM) to derive predictions of kidney and urinary cadmium that reflect U.S. dietary cadmium intake and related variability. Variability in dietary cadmium intake was propagated through the KNM using a Monte Carlo approach. The model predicts a mean peak kidney cadmium burden of approximately 3.5 mg and a 5th-95th percentile range of 2.2-5.1 mg in males. The corresponding peak renal cortex cadmium concentration in males is 15 microg/g wet cortex (10-22, 5th-95th percentile). Predicted kidney cadmium levels in females were higher than males: 5.1 (3.3-7.6) mg total kidney, 29 (19-43) microg/g wet cortex. Predicted urinary cadmium in males and females agreed with empirical estimates based on the NHANES III, with females predicted and observed to excrete approximately twice the amount of cadmium in urine than males. An explanation for the higher urinary cadmium excretion in females is proposed that is consistent with the NHANES III data as well as experimental studies in humans and animals. Females may absorb a larger fraction of ingested dietary cadmium than males, and this difference may be the result of lower iron body stores in females compared to males. This would suggest that females may be at greater risk of developing cadmium toxicity than males. The predicted 5th-95th percentile values for peak kidney cadmium burden are approximately 60% of the peak kidney burden (8-11 mg) predicted for a chronic intake at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) chronic reference dose of 1 microg/kg-d.
OBJECTIVE: To validate a computer version of the Danish Prostatic Symptom Score (DAN-PSS) questionnaire and compare it with the paper version. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Ninety-three male patients (aged 25-87 years), referred to a department of urology for lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), filled in a personal computer (PC) version and a paper version of the DAN-PSS questionnaire. Subsequently they answered a questionnaire concerning their preferences and computer experience. RESULTS: A fair correlation between the total scores from the paper and PC versions was found. The differences were independent of both total score and age. In the PC version all LUTS questions were answered while 9.8% were left blank in the paper version. The sexual questions were answered by 71% of patients in the paper version and by 87.5% in the PC version. For the questions in the PC version a learning curve was observed in terms of the time taken to answer the questions. Previous computer experience did not influence answering time, difference in score between paper and PC versions or total score. Almost all patients preferred the PC version to the paper version. CONCLUSION: The PC scores are reasonably reliable judging by comparison with previously validated traditional paper scores. The PC questionnaire had a higher response rate and was preferred by the majority of patients. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between fasting plasma leptin and 24-hour energy expenditure (EE), substrate oxidation, and spontaneous physical activity (SPA) in obese subjects before and after a major weight reduction compared with normal weight controls. To test fasting plasma leptin, substrate oxidations, and SPA as predictive markers of success during a standardized weight loss intervention. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Twenty-one nondiabetic obese (body mass index: 33.9 to 43.8 kg/m(2)) and 13 lean (body mass index: 20.4 to 24.7 kg/m(2)) men matched for age and height were included in the study. All obese subjects were reexamined after a mean weight loss of 19.2 kg (95% confidence interval: 15.1-23.4 kg) achieved by 16 weeks of dietary intervention followed by 8 weeks of weight stability. Twenty-four-hour EE and substrate oxidations were measured by whole-body indirect calorimetry. SPA was assessed by microwave radar. RESULTS: In lean subjects, leptin adjusted for fat mass (FM) was correlated to 24-hour EE before (r = -0.56, p < 0.05) but not after adjustment for fat free mass. In obese subjects, leptin correlated inversely with 24-hour and resting nonprotein respiratory quotient (r = -0.47, p < 0.05 and r = -0.50, p < 0.05) both before and after adjustments for energy balance. Baseline plasma leptin concentration, adjusted for differences in FM, was inversely related to the size of weight loss after 8 weeks (r = -0.41, p = 0.07), 16 weeks (r = -0.51, p < 0.05), and 24 weeks (r = -0.50, p < 0.05). DISCUSSION: The present study suggests that leptin may have a stimulating effect on fat oxidation in obese subjects. A low leptin level for a given FM was associated with a greater weight loss, suggesting that obese subjects with greater leptin sensitivities are more successful in reducing weight. 
BACKGROUND: Alcohol increases body iron stores. Alcohol and iron may increase oxidative stress and the risk of alcohol-related liver disease. The relationship between low or "safe" levels of alcohol use and indices of body iron stores, and the factors that affect the alcohol-iron relationship, have not been fully characterized. Other aspects of the biological response to alcohol use have been reported to depend on iron status. METHODS: We have measured serum iron, transferrin, and ferritin as indices of iron stores in 3375 adult twin subjects recruited through the Australian Twin Registry. Information on alcohol use and dependence and smoking was obtained from questionnaires and interviews. RESULTS: Serum iron and ferritin increased progressively across classes of alcohol intake. The effects of beer consumption were greater than those of wine or spirits. Ferritin concentration was significantly higher in subjects who had ever been alcohol dependent. There was no evidence of interactions between HFE genotype or body mass index and alcohol. Alcohol intake-adjusted carbohydrate-deficient transferrin was increased in women in the lowest quartile of ferritin results, whereas adjusted gamma-glutamyltransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, and alanine aminotransferase values were increased in subjects with high ferritin. CONCLUSIONS: Alcohol intake at low level increases ferritin and, by inference, body iron stores. This may be either beneficial or harmful, depending on circumstances. The response of biological markers of alcohol intake can be affected by body iron stores; this has implications for test sensitivity and specificity and for variation in biological responses to alcohol use. 
This study describes the distribution of blood lipid concentrations and examines relationships among training volume (TV, kilometers per week), peak oxygen consumption (VO2peak), body fatness, and blood lipid concentrations in 48 male and 22 female distance runners, aged 10-19 years. Comparisons were made to a current reference sample and clinical cut-off points. Relationships were assessed by partial correlations allowing for age and sexual maturity. Compared to reference median values, mean concentrations of total cholesterol (P=0.07) and low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (P<0.005) were higher, while high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C; P=0.24) was comparable in male distance runners. Blood lipid concentrations in female distance runners were comparable to reference median values. Although some subjects had dyslipidemic values, most possessed clinically normal concentrations of blood lipids. The TV was weakly correlated with blood lipid concentrations, but may have been indirectly related with HDL-C through its relationship with VO2peak in males runners (r=0.32). In female runners, correlations between sum of skinfolds (SSF), the trunk-to-extremity ratio (TER) and blood lipid concentrations were low (r=0.16 to -0.27), with one exception (TER and HDL-C, r=-0.60). The most consistent relationships existed among TV, VO2peak, SSF, and HDL-C with partial correlations ranging from low (r=0.10 TV) to moderate (r=0.37 SSF, r=0.41 VO2peak). The correlation between VO2peak and HDL-C remained significant after allowing for age and SSF, while the partial correlation between SSF and HDL-C, allowing for age and VO2peak, was reduced and not significant (r=-0.19, P=0.20). In female runners, the correlation between VO2peak and HDL-C was r=0.32, whereas the partial correlation between SSF and HDLC, allowing for age and VO2peak, was r=0.00. Blood lipid concentrations of young male distance runners were not, on average, different to the general population of the youth of the United States. The young distance runners showed considerable heterogeneity in blood lipid phenotypes, including dyslipidemic values. The results highlight the complex relationships among TV, VO2peak, body fat and HDL-C, and indicate the unique contribution of VO2peak as an important predictor of HDL-C in young distance runners.
One of the problems which may beset epidemiological studies is the difficulty of accurately measuring the dietary intakes of participants. Biomarkers of diet promise to provide a more accurate measure of dietary intake and a more objective one in that they are not reliant on the subject's memory. This review considers some issues of importance in epidemiology when information is obtained from biomarkers. The approach taken is to use examples both of normal dietary constituents and of contaminants in relation to a range of diet and health questions to illustrate these points. A brief overview of the role of sample collection, processing and storage is given including some generic recommendations for maximising the reliability of subsequent analytical data. Using the examples of phytoestrogens and iodine the question of whether biomarkers can accurately reflect the intake of the dietary constituents of interest at the population level or at the individual level is considered. The relationship of the biomarker to the natural history of the disease is exemplified using the role of folate in neural tube defects. Finally, intakes of vitamin D and heterocyclic amines are used to illustrate the integration of biomarkers into epidemiological studies of prostate and colorectal cancer, respectively. It is concluded that biomarkers may provide a more accurate and objective measure of diet than estimates of current or usual intake but that this approach also has limitations. A combination of methods will probably prove to be most valuable and this approach is being taken in current large prospective studies.
We conducted this study to assess the prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency in a population of normal perimenopausal women, to examine the influence of sun exposure and vitamin D intake on the concentration of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) and to examine the association between parathyroid hormone (PTH) and 25OHD. A total of 2016 healthy women aged 45-58, who had recently undergone a natural menopause, were enrolled over a 2.5-year period in the Danish Osteoporosis Prevention Study. A marked seasonal fluctuation of 25OHD was seen, with an abrupt rise in June and high values until October. The fluctuation could be related to number of hours of sunshine per month with a two months time lag. Dietary vitamin D intake, vitamin supplementation, sunlight exposure, and use of sun-bed were all significantly related to 25OHD concentrations. Sun exposure seemed to contribute the most. The overall prevalence of vitamin D deficiency (defined as serum ) was 7 %. However, in the subgroup avoiding direct sunshine and abstaining from vitamin D supplementation 32.8 % were vitamin D deficient in the winter-spring period. Although mean PTH was increased in the group with low serum 25OHD, PTH was not a sensitive marker of hypovitaminosis D in the individual, as only 16 % of those with vitamin D deficiency had PTH levels above normal range. Thus, we have shown, that healthy middle-aged Danish women are prone to vitamin D insufficiency in the winter-spring period, if they avoid sun exposure in the summer period and abstain from vitamin D supplementation.
OBJECTIVES: To study the lipid profile in a group of treated phenylketonuric patients (PKU; n = 61) compared with a group of inborn error of intermediary metabolism patients (IEM; n = 22), a group of hyperphenylalaninemic children (HPA; n = 37), and a control group without dietary restriction (n = 41). DESIGN AND METHODS: Phenylalanine was analyzed by ion exchange chromatography and triglycerides, cholesterol and HDL were determined by standard procedures with the Cobas Integra analyzer. RESULTS: Serum total cholesterol concentrations were significantly lower in PKU patients compared with IEM patients (whose cholesterol daily intake was similar to those of PKU patients), HPA children and the control group. A negative correlation was observed between cholesterol and phenylalanine concentrations in the PKU patients. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings support the hypothesis of a relationship between high plasma phenylalanine levels and an inhibition of cholesterogenesis, although the low cholesterol intake of the special diets may also decrease serum cholesterol values. 
BACKGROUND: gamma-Tocopherol is the most abundant form of vitamin E in the US diet, but alpha-tocopherol concentrations are the highest in plasma and tissues. Although plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of alpha-tocopherol have been used as biomarkers of intake, the relation between gamma-tocopherol intake and concentrations in plasma and adipose tissue is unknown. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to investigate in a randomly selected population from Costa Rica whether plasma or adipose tissue concentrations of alpha- and gamma-tocopherol are suitable biomarkers of intake. DESIGN: A total of 361 men (x +/- SD age: 55 +/- 11 y) and 121 women (aged 59 +/- 10 y) completed a 135-item food-frequency questionnaire and provided a fasting blood sample and adipose tissue biopsy sample. RESULTS: Dietary gamma-tocopherol correlated with adipose tissue (r = 0.37, P < 0.001) and plasma (r = 0.42, P < 0.001) concentrations, regardless of supplement use. Dietary alpha-tocopherol correlated poorly with adipose tissue (r = 0.15, P < 0.01) and plasma (r = 0.16, P < 0.001) concentrations, and these correlations were even lower when users of vitamin supplements (n = 24) were excluded (adipose tissue: r = 0.10, P < 0.05; plasma: r = 0.09, P < 0.05). Compared with subjects who reported palm shortening (36%) as the major type of fat used for cooking, subjects using soybean oil (52%) had higher amounts of both alpha- and gamma-tocopherol in their diets. However, only gamma-tocopherol concentrations were higher in the plasma and adipose tissue of soybean oil users. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of gamma-tocopherol are equally good biomarkers of intake. The weak associations between alpha-tocopherol intake and plasma or adipose tissue concentrations suggest that these biomarkers are influenced more by factors other than alpha-tocopherol intake. 
Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is anticarcinogenic in experimental animal studies. We studied dietary and serum CLA in Finnish patients with breast cancer in 1992-1995. Participants were consecutive women with breast cancer (68 premenopausal and 127 postmenopausal) and population-based control women (75 premenopausal and 133 postmenopausal), matched for age and area of residence. Diet was assessed by a validated food frequency questionnaire and the fatty acid composition of serum by gas-liquid chromatography. In postmenopausal women, dietary CLA, serum CLA, myristic acid, and trans-vaccenic acid were significantly lower in cases than in controls. The odds ratio for breast cancer in the highest quintile vs. the lowest was 0.4 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.2-0.9]for CLA, 0.3 (95% CI = 0.1-0.7) for myristic acid, and 0.3 (95% CI = 0.1-0.7) for trans-vaccenic acid in serum. The odds ratios remained similar after adjustment for known risk factors of breast cancer. A diet composed of CLA-rich foods, particularly cheese, may protect against breast cancer in postmenopausal women, but it is impossible to assess the independent effects of CLA in this study. The findings may be of relevance for food production, inasmuch as it is possible to increase CLA and its precursor trans-vaccenic acid in foods by modifying the feeding of ruminants.
OBJECTIVE: In most countries, it is recommended that adults restrict fat intake to 30% to 35% of energy to reduce the risk of coronary heart disease and certain cancers. However, the appropriate level of fat in the diet of children is hotly debated. It has been generally accepted that fat intake by children under 2 years of age should not be limited because of fears that nutrient intakes and thus growth and iron status might be compromised. However, there is very little longitudinal information on the relationship between fat intake and growth in representative populations of free-living children under 2 years old. The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between fat intake as a percentage of energy, and nutrient adequacy, growth, blood lipids, and iron status in 18- and 43-month-old children. DESIGN: This study forms part of the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC)-a geographically-based cohort study in southwest England. A randomly selected subsample of the ALSPAC cohort attended research clinics approximately every 6 months from birth, at which a variety of anthropometric and other measurements were made. Dietary intakes at 18 and 43 months were assessed using a 3-day unweighed food record. A capillary blood sample was taken at 18 months for measurement of hemoglobin and ferritin levels. Nonfasting venous blood samples were taken at 31 and 43 months and analyzed for total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The children were divided into quartiles of fat intake as a percentage of energy (QFI). QFI groups were compared for the number of children reaching recommended nutrient intakes, and for anthropometry, measures of iron status, and blood lipid levels. PARTICIPANTS: Nine hundred fifty-one children at 18 months and 805 children at 43 months. RESULTS: The mean (standard deviation) percentages of energy from fat in each quartile at 18 months were 31.2 (2.8), 36.1 (0.9), 39.1 (0.8), and 43.1 (2.2), corresponding to a fat intake in grams of 37.3 (8.1), 44.3 (8.1), 50.4 (10.2), and 55.4 (12.7). The number of children failing to reach recommended intake levels for zinc and vitamin A fell with increasing fat intake, while the number of children consuming less than the recommendations for iron and vitamin C rose at both ages. Despite this, there was no association between fat intake at 18 months and mean height or body mass index (BMI) at either 18 or 31 months. Fat intake at 43 months was also unassociated with concurrent or subsequent height or BMI. There was also no significant increase in the number of children falling below the tenth percentile for height or BMI as QFI fell. Mean ferritin levels at 18 months fell in both sexes as QFI increased. Total cholesterol levels at 31 months were significantly associated with QFI at 18 months, and rose from 3.99 mmol/l in the lowest QFI in boys, to 4.31 mmol/l in the highest QFI. QFI at 43 months was unassociated with cholesterol levels. CONCLUSIONS: These data do not suggest that fat intakes are an important determinant of growth in these children, even before the age of 2 years, or that children at the bottom of the range of fat intakes are experiencing delayed growth. On the other hand, there is also no evidence in this study that children on higher fat intakes are at a greater risk of becoming obese. In contrast to a number of US studies, we have not found children on lower fat intakes to have lower iron intakes-indeed higher fat intakes were associated with a greater chance of consuming less than the recommended intake of iron and with lower ferritin levels. The association of higher fat intakes with higher total cholesterol levels among boys is of concern, as there is evidence that the process of atherosclerosis begins during the preschool years. 
This present study was undertaken to validate the English version of the General Health Questionnaire (GHQ-12) in urological patients. Validity and reliability were studied in patients with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and patients without LUTS. Reliability was evaluated using the test-retest method and internal consistency was assessed using Cronbach's alpha. Sensitivity to change was expressed as the effect size in the pre-intervention versus post-intervention score in additional patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) who underwent transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP). Internal consistency was excellent. A high degree of internal consistency was observed for each of the 12 items with Cronbach's alpha value of 0.37-0.79, while total scores was 0.79 in the population study. Test-retest correlation coefficient for the 12 items score were highly significant. Intraclass correlation coefficient was high (0.35-0.79). It showed a high degree of sensitivity and specificity to the effects of treatment. A high degree of significant level between baseline and post-treatment scores were observed across all 12 items in the treatment cohort but not in the control group. The GHQ-12 is suitable, reliable, valid and sensitive to clinical change in urological disorders.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between habitual fish intake and fatty acid levels in serum as well as in the LDL fractions of serum phospholipids and cholesteryl esters. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Cohort of Gipuzkoa (Basque Country, northern Spain) included in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) project. SUBJECTS: Random sample of 120 healthy volunteers of both sexes aged 35-65 y, divided into various consumption groups according to daily fish intake. METHODS: Data on habitual intake over the previous year was collected by trained interviewers by means of a computerized questionnaire based on the diet history method. Fasting venous blood samples were drawn and fatty acids were measured by gas-liquid chromatography. RESULTS: Lean fish accounted for 78% of all fish consumption in the highest consumption group (>115 g/day) and for 60% in the lowest (<31 g/day). The mean concentrations of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, C20:5, omega-3), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, C22:6, omega-3) in serum and in the LDL fractions of serum phospholipids and cholesteryl esters increased significantly from the lowest to the highest fish consumption categories. Fish intake showed a statistically significant relationship with omega-3 PUFA, EPA and DHA in serum and in the LDL fractions of serum phospholipids and cholesteryl esters both in the simple linear regression analysis and in a multiple regression model adjusted by age, body mass index (BMI) and vegetable intake. CONCLUSIONS: Habitual fish intake is reflected in the content of EPA and DHA in serum and in the LDL phospholipid and cholesteryl esters fractions. The concentrations of very-long-chain omega-3 fatty acids are useful biomarkers for dietary fish intake, mainly lean fish. SPONSORSHIP: Europe Against Cancer Programme of the European Union (agreement SOC 97 200302 05F02); 'Fondo de Investigaciones Sanitarias', Spanish Ministry of Health (FIS grant 99/0024-05); Government of the Basque Country; and 'Fundacin Cientfica de la Asociacin Espaola contra el Cncer'. 
OBJECTIVE: To study in humans the relationship between a diet consistent with most of the current recommendations for the prevention of nutrition-related diseases (Wholesome Nutrition) and the blood lipid profile (total cholesterol, LDL-, HDL-cholesterol, LDL/HDL-ratio, triglycerides). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study with two diet groups. SETTING: Former West Germany. SUBJECTS: Healthy women (n=243, aged 25-65 y) adhering to Wholesome Nutrition for at least 5 y (subdivided into 111 ovo-lacto vegetarians and 132 low-meat eaters) and an according control group of 175 women eating an average German mixed diet. They were all recruited through an advertisement campaign and selected on the basis of their food consumption. RESULTS: Considering potential confounders, the Wholesome Nutrition subgroups had higher HDL-cholesterol levels than the control group. No differences were observed for total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol. For LDL/HDL-ratio and triglycerides the effect of diet was dependent on interaction terms. With increasing risk factors (age or body mass index (BMI)) the Wholesome Nutrition subgroups showed more favourable blood lipids. CONCLUSIONS: Women eating a preventive diet on a long-term basis exhibit more favourable blood lipid profiles than women consuming an average mixed diet. This is particularly obvious for HDL-cholesterol in the presence of certain risk factors and when an ovo-lacto vegetarian version is practised. SPONSORSHIP: Eden Foundation, Bad Soden, Germany. 
Epidemiological studies of diet and disease rely on the accurate determination of dietary intake and subsequent estimates of nutrient exposure. Although methodically developed and tested, the instruments most often used to collect self-reported intake data are subject to error. It had been assumed that this error was only random in nature; however, an increasing body of literature suggests that systematic error in the reporting of true dietary intake exists as well. Here, we review studies in which dietary intake by self report was determined while energy expenditure was simultaneously measured using the doubly labeled water (DLW) method. In seeking to establish the relative accuracy of each instrument to capture true habitual energy intake, we conclude that none of the self-reported intake instruments demonstrates greater accuracy against DLW. Instead, it is evident that the physical and psychological characteristics of study participants play a significant role in the underreporting bias observed in these studies. Further research is needed to identify underreporters and to determine how to account for this bias in studies of diet and health.
BACKGROUND: Abdominal obesity is associated with coronary risk, although causality is not well established. OBJECTIVE: In an obese Mediterranean population, we measured the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue, its relation with dietary fatty acids and central fat deposition, and its influence on plasma lipids and insulin. DESIGN: Adipose tissue samples were obtained from 84 obese patients (29 men, 55 women) aged 30-70 y (body mass index, in kg/m(2): 27-35). We measured concentrations of insulin and lipids in plasma and fatty acids in subcutaneous, omental, and perivisceral fat. Dietary fatty acid intake was assessed with a 7-d diet record. RESULTS: The population studied was normolipidemic and normoinsulinemic. There were important differences in fatty acid composition between tissue sites: saturated fatty acids were higher and monounsaturated fatty acids were lower in perivisceral than in subcutaneous fat (P < 0.05). Significant correlations were found for oleic, linoleic, alpha-linolenic, and total n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids between the subject's habitual diet and adipose tissue composition. Oleic and n-3 fatty acids from adipose regions were negatively correlated with apolipoprotein B and triacylglycerols; adipose tissue 22:1n-9, 20:2n-6, stearic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid were positively correlated with HDL and apolipoprotein A; and adipose tissue myristic acid was negatively correlated with apolipoprotein A (P < 0.05). Central obesity was positively associated with n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and inversely associated with monounsaturated fatty acids and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in adipose tissue (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The differences found in the composition and metabolism of perivisceral, omental, and subcutaneous fats may indicate that their atherogenic capacities also differ. 
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic studies suggest that a higher consumption of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. Studies in humans and animals also reported an inverse association between alpha-linolenic acid and cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality. OBJECTIVE: We examined the relation between dietary linolenic acid and prevalent coronary artery disease (CAD). DESIGN: We studied 4584 participants with a mean (+/-SD) age of 52.1 +/- 13.7 y in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study in a cross-sectional design. Participants' diets were assessed with a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. For each sex, we created age- and energy-adjusted quintiles of linolenic acid, and we used logistic regression to estimate prevalent odds ratios for CAD. RESULTS: From the lowest to the highest quintile of linolenic acid, the prevalence odds ratios of CAD were 1.0, 0.77, 0.61, 0.58, and 0.60 for the men (P for trend = 0.012) and 1.0, 0.57, 0.52, 0.30, and 0.42 for the women (P for trend = 0.014) after adjustment for age, linoleic acid, and anthropometric, lifestyle, and metabolic factors. Linoleic acid was also inversely related to the prevalence odds ratios of CAD in the multivariate model (0.60 and 0.61 in the second and third tertiles, respectively) after adjustment for linolenic acid. The combined effect of linoleic and linolenic acids was stronger than the individual effects of either fatty acid. CONCLUSIONS: A higher intake of either linolenic or linoleic acid was inversely related to the prevalence odds ratio of CAD. The 2 fatty acids had synergistic effects on the prevalence odds ratio of CAD. 
CETP activity, measured as transfer of cholesteryl ester from exogenous HDL to exogenous VLDL and LDL, reflecting CETP mass as determined by ELISA, was documented in three groups of St. Kitts vervet monkeys fed diets enriched in saturated (Sat), monounsaturated (Mono), or n-6 polyunsaturated (Poly) fatty acids. CETP activity was not different when comparing the three dietary fats. However, CETP activity was significantly higher when cholesterol was added to each of the diets. Significant positive associations between CETP activity and VLDL and LDL cholesterol concentrations were found whereas significant negative associations were seen between CETP activity and HDL cholesterol in each of the diet groups. The strength of these associations was highest in the Sat group. Cholesteryl ester (CE) fatty acid composition of lipoproteins varied widely among diet groups, with the more polyunsaturated CE of the Poly group being associated with a higher rate of CE transfer to endogenous acceptor apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins. Finally, only the Sat diet group showed significant positive correlations of CETP activity with LDL particle diameter (r = 0.76), cholesteryl ester percentage (r = 0.67), and a strong negative correlation (r = -0.86) with LDL receptor function, estimated as the difference between native and methylated LDL turnover rates. We speculate that strong associations between CETP and LDL metabolism may explain, at least in part, the increased atherogenicity of dietary saturated fat.
A large number of studies have been published on very-low calorie diets and markedly hypocaloric dietary regimens for treatment of obesity. However, scanty data are available on moderately hypocaloric diets based on the Mediterranean diet model. We evaluated the efficacy and safety of a moderately hypocaloric Mediterranean diet (MHMD) by assessing changes in body composition and in metabolic profile in 19 obese women, aged 32+/-4 years, body weight 84.7+/-9.6 kg, body mass index (BMI) 33.67+/-2.61 kg/m2. The energy content of the diet (mean 6.5 MJ/day) matched the resting metabolic rate and its content in macronutrients (55% carbohydrate, 25% fat, 20% protein, 30 g fibre) was based on the Italian Recommended Dietary Allowances (LARN). Based on the Mediterranean diet model, available nutritional indices like the animal/vegetable protein ratio, the Cholesterol/Saturated Fat Index, the Glycaemic Index, the Atherogenic Index, the Thrombogenic Index and the Mediterranean Adequacy Index were taken into account in elaborating diets. At baseline and after 2 months, body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, metabolic profile, uric acid, fibrinogen and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were assessed. Following MHMD, body weight decreased to 78.1+/-10.5 kg and BMI to 31.18+/-2.74 kg/m2. Total (-4.9+/-0.9 kg) and segmental fat mass decreased, no significant loss of total and segmental lean body mass was observed. No decrease of fasting blood glucose (5.05+/-0.45 vs 4.98+/-0.43 mmol/l, NS), of the area under the curve (AUC) for glucose (29.50+/-6.24 vs 28.07+/-5.29, NS) as well as of HDL-cholesterol (1.30+/-0.30 vs 1.33+/-0.33 mmol/l, NS) and of triglycerides (1.70+/-1.00 vs 1.46+/-0.66 mmol/l, NS) was observed. However, a significant decrease of basal insulin (11.48+/-6.77 vs 8.07+/-4.17 mU/ml, p<0.01) as well as of the AUC for insulin (263+/-118 vs 208+/-82,p<0.005), of total (5.40+/-1.04 vs 4.97+/-0.92 mmol/l,p<0.05) and LDL-cholesterol (3.36+/-1.07 vs 2.90+/-0.74 mmol/l,p<0.005), of uric acid (0.30+/-0.06 vs 0.28+/-0.05 mmol/l,p<0.01) and fibrinogen (359+/-78 vs 324+/-87 mg/100 ml, p<0.0001) was observed. In conclusion, MHMD prevents loss of fat-free mass and improves metabolic parameters in obese people. We advocate a wider use of nutritional indices and body composition assessment as tools for quality control of hypocaloric diets.
BACKGROUND: Fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs) are products of nonoxidative ethanol metabolism. After incorporation in hair, they should be suitable long-term markers of alcohol abuse. METHODS: Hair samples from 19 alcoholics in a treatment program, 10 fatalities with verified excessive alcohol consumption, 13 moderate social drinkers who consumed up to 20 g ethanol/day, and 5 strict teetotalers were analyzed in 1-12 segments for four FAEEs (ethyl myristate, ethyl palmitate, ethyl oleate, and ethyl stearate) by external degreasing with n-heptane, extraction with a dimethyl sulfoxide-n-heptane mixture, headspace solid-phase microextraction of the extracts, and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry with deuterated internal standards. The n-heptane washings were analyzed in the same way for FAEEs from the hair surface. RESULTS: The sum of the four ester concentrations in hair calculated for the proximal 0-6 cm segment was 2.5-13.5 ng/mg (mean, 6.8 ng/mg) for the fatalities, 0.92-11.6 ng/mg (mean, 4.0 ng/mg) for 17 of the alcoholics in treatment, 0.20-0.85 ng/mg (mean, 0.41 ng/mg) for the moderate social drinkers, and 0.06-0.37 ng/mg (mean, 0.16 ng/mg) for the teetotalers. In almost all cases the segmental concentrations increased from proximal to distal. There was no agreement between the self-reported drinking histories of the participants and the FAEE concentrations along the hair length. Ethyl oleate was the dominant ester in all samples. CONCLUSIONS: FAEEs are deposited in hair mainly from sebum. Despite large individual differences, FAEE hair concentrations can be used as markers for excessive alcohol consumption with relatively high accuracy. 
BACKGROUND: Information on concentrations of retinal carotenoids (macular pigment, or MP) is of particular interest because MP protects against age-related macular degeneration, the leading cause of irreversible blindness in the United States. OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to evaluate the relation between dietary intake, blood concentrations, and retinal concentrations of carotenoids in a large group of volunteers. DESIGN: Two hundred eighty volunteers in the Indianapolis area completed health and diet questionnaires, donated a blood sample, and participated in MP density assessment to determine retinal carotenoid status. Dietary intake was assessed by food-frequency questionnaire. Serum concentrations of lutein, zeaxanthin, and beta-carotene were measured by HPLC. MP optical density (MPOD) was determined psychophysically with a 460-nm, 1 degrees test stimulus. RESULTS: Average MPOD was 0.21 +/- 0.13. Average intakes of lutein + zeaxanthin and beta-carotene were 1101 +/- 838 and 2935 +/- 2698 microg/d, respectively. Although several key dietary intake variables (eg, lutein + zeaxanthin and beta-carotene) differed by sex, no significant sex differences were found in either serum concentrations of lutein and zeaxanthin or MPOD. Serum beta-carotene concentrations were significantly higher in women than in men. Serum lutein + zeaxanthin and dietary intake of lutein + zeaxanthin were significantly correlated and significantly related to variations in MPOD (r = 0.21, P < 0.001, and r = 0.25, P < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Retinal carotenoids can be measured in epidemiologic studies. In this study, MPOD was associated with lutein + zeaxanthin in the diet and the serum. Retinal concentrations, however, were influenced by other factors as well. To understand the effect of dietary lutein + zeaxanthin intake on the retina and risk of age-related eye disease, future studies should include measures of macular concentrations of these pigments. 
The objectives of the present study were to compare the bioavailability of vitamin A from liver paste and from a vitamin A supplement at three nutritionally relevant levels of intake, and to estimate levels of "safe" intake based on concentrations of retinoic acid and its metabolites in plasma after a single dose of vitamin A from liver paste. Women (n = 35; 19-47 y of age) consumed 3.0, 7.5 or 15 mg vitamin A as liver paste or as a vitamin A supplement with a test meal in a randomized design, with a combined crossover (two sources) and parallel approach (three dosages). Retinyl esters and retinoic acid (RA) metabolites were quantified in blood samples at 2-24 h after dosing. The areas under the time-response curves (AUC) were calculated to evaluate responses in plasma vitamin A after intake of liver paste and the vitamin A supplements. For retinyl esters, the AUC was significantly affected by the dosage, but not by the source. The formation of 13-cis-RA, 13-cis-4-oxo-RA, and to a lesser extent all-trans-RA was significantly higher after consumption of liver paste compared with the supplement, especially at higher dosages. Long-term baseline concentrations of retinol were not affected by a single intake of vitamin A. In conclusion, the bioavailability of vitamin A from single doses of liver paste and a vitamin A supplement does not differ, but the plasma concentrations of RA metabolites are higher after intake of liver paste. Thus, pregnant women should indeed limit the intake of vitamin A from liver products.
Little is documented about the performance of the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) in US minority groups and in populations in developing countries. The authors applied a novel technique, the method of triads, to assess the validity and reproducibility of the FFQ among Hispanics. The subjects were men (n = 78) and women (n = 42) living in Costa Rica. Seven 24-hour dietary recalls and two FFQ interviews (12 months apart) were conducted between 1995 and 1998 to estimate dietary intake during the past year. Plasma and adipose tissue samples were collected from all subjects. Validity coefficients, which measure the correlation between observed and "true" dietary intake, were also estimated. The median validity coefficients for tocopherols and carotenoids estimated by dietary recall, the average of the two FFQs, and plasma were 0.71, 0.60, and 0.52, respectively. Compared with adipose tissue, plasma was a superior biomarker for carotenoids and tocopherols. Adipose tissue was a poor biomarker for saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids but performed well for polyunsaturated fatty acids (validity coefficients, 0.45-1.01) and lycopene (validity coefficient, 0.51). This study also showed that biomarkers did not perform better than the FFQ and that they should be used to complement the FFQ rather than substitute for it.
BACKGROUND: Fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs) are nonoxidative ethanol metabolites that have been implicated as mediators of alcohol-induced organ damage. FAEEs are detectable in the blood after ethanol ingestion, and on that basis have been proposed as markers of ethanol intake. Because blood is not always available at autopsy, in this study we quantified FAEEs in human liver and adipose tissue as potential postmortem markers of premortem ethanol intake. METHODS: Twenty-four sets of samples were collected at the Massachusetts State Medical Examiner's Office, and 7 sets of samples were obtained from the Pathology Department of Massachusetts General Hospital. Samples of liver and adipose tissue were collected at autopsy, and FAEEs were isolated and quantified from these organs as mass per gram of wet weight. Postmortem analysis of blood involved assessment for ethanol and other drugs. RESULTS: The study shows a substantial difference in FAEE concentrations in liver and adipose tissue of patients with detectable blood ethanol at the time of autopsy vs those with no detectable blood ethanol, who were either chronic alcoholics or social drinkers. In addition, a specific FAEE, ethyl arachidonate, was found at concentrations >200 pmol/g almost exclusively in the liver and adipose tissue of individuals with detectable blood ethanol at the time of death, providing an additional FAEE-related marker for prior ethanol intake. CONCLUSIONS: The mass of FAEEs in liver and adipose tissue and the presence of ethyl arachidonate can serve as postmortem markers of premortem ethanol intake when no blood sample can be obtained. 
To examine the hypothesis that a high-animal protein, low-carbohydrate diet in pregnancy is associated with raised blood pressure in the adult offspring, we performed a follow-up study of 626 men and women in Motherwell, Scotland, whose mothers' food intake had been recorded during pregnancy. The mothers had taken part in a dietary intervention in which they were advised to eat 1 lb (0.45 kg) of red meat per day and to avoid carbohydrate-rich foods during pregnancy. The offspring were followed up at age 27 to 30 years, and their systolic and diastolic blood pressures were measured. Women who reported greater consumption of meat and fish in the second half of pregnancy had offspring with higher systolic blood pressure in adult life (regression coefficient, 0.19 mm Hg per portion per week; 95% confidence interval, 0.04 to 0.35; P=0.02). High maternal consumption of fish, but not meat, was associated with higher diastolic blood pressure in the offspring (regression coefficient, 1.00 mm Hg per portion per week; 95% confidence interval, 0.18 to 1.82; P=0.02). These associations were independent of maternal blood pressure, body size, and smoking habits during pregnancy. Although we cannot exclude confounding by maternal saturated fat or salt intake, the findings support those of a study in Aberdeen showing higher blood pressure in men and women whose mothers had eaten a high-animal protein, low-carbohydrate diet in late pregnancy. These associations may reflect the metabolic stress imposed on the mother by an unbalanced diet in which high intakes of essential amino acids are not accompanied by the nutrients required to utilize them.
OBJECTIVE: To estimate mercury intake due to fish consumption among the individuals from Gipuzkoa participating in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC), and to validate the estimation of mercury exposure through diet, by measuring blood mercury level. DESIGN AND SETTING: The population for the EPIC Gipuzkoa cohort was recruited from 1992 to 1995. Each individual's diet was assessed regarding habitual intake over the previous year, using the diet history method. Blood samples were taken at the time of the interview. The mercury content of the fish species consumed was supplied by the Food Chemical Surveillance Programme in the Basque Country. SUBJECTS: For the estimation, 8417 volunteers, men and women, aged 35-65 years, of the EPIC cohort; for the validation, a random sample of 120 individuals stratified by fish intake was taken. RESULTS: The validation study confirmed the relationship between fish consumption and mercury intake, as well as between fish consumption and mercury in erythrocytes. 99.9% of individuals have intakes below 75% of the Provisional Tolerable Weekly Intake (PTWI) of mercury established by the World Health Organization. But the limit dosage recommended by the United States Environmental Protection Agency, measured by the average risk index, would be exceeded often. CONCLUSIONS: No individual from the cohort would exceed the PTWI of mercury. Nevertheless, owing to the amount of fish consumed, certain individuals would have mercury intakes approaching the recommended limits. With a view to the future, we believe mercury in fish must continue to be monitored closely in order to assess the risks for the population. 
BACKGROUND: Measurements of dietary intake in obese and overweight populations are often inaccurate because food intakes are underestimated. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the validity of the combined use of observer-recorded weighed-food records and 24-h snack recalls in estimating energy intakes in overweight and obese individuals. DESIGN: Subjects were 32 healthy women and 22 healthy men with mean body mass indexes (in kg/m(2)) of 29.5 and 30.3, respectively. Energy intake (EI) was measured over 2 wk in a university cafeteria. No restrictions were made on meal frequency or EI. To document food consumed outside the cafeteria, 24-h snack recalls were conducted before meals. Energy expenditure (EE) was measured with the doubly labeled water (DLW) method (EE(DLW)). Energy balance was determined by measuring body weight at the beginning and end of the 2-wk period. RESULTS: The mean EI in the women (10.40 +/- 1.94 MJ/d) and men (14.37 +/- 3.21 MJ/d) was not significantly lower than the EE(DLW) in the women (10.86 +/- 1.76 MJ/d) and men (14.14 +/- 2.83 MJ/d). The mean EI represented 96.9 +/- 17.0% and 103 +/- 18.9% of the measured EE for women and men, respectively. There were no significant changes in weight in the group as a whole or by sex at the end of the testing period; the men lost 0.23 +/- 1.58 kg and the women lost 0.25 +/- 1.09 kg. CONCLUSION: The combination of observer-recorded food records and 24-h snack recalls is a valid method for measuring EI in overweight and obese individuals. 
Although plasma carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) is considered a viable biochemical marker for chronic alcohol consumption, it is valid only when an individual's daily alcohol consumption exceeds 60 g. In addition, it is less sensitive in women drinkers than in men drinkers. We have established that chronic alcohol consumption impairs the hepatic sialylation of a number of glycoproteins by specifically down-regulating Gal-beta-1,4GlcNAc alpha2,6-sialyltransferase mRNA. Significantly, we found that chronic ethanol consumption markedly inhibits hepatic sialylation of apolipoprotein J (Apo J), a 70-kDa N-glycosylated protein of plasma HDL. Because the sialic-acid index of Apo J (SIJ; moles of sialic acid per mole of Apo J protein) is approximately seven times more than that for transferrin (28 vs. 4), we have evaluated whether plasma SIJ would be an even more sensitive marker for chronic ethanol consumption than CDT in both rats and human subjects. The method involves immunoaffinity purification of plasma HDL-Apo J, followed by its sialic acid determination. We have found that chronic ethanol feeding resulted in loss of sialic acid residues of plasma HDL-Apo J in rats. This loss of sialic acid was positively correlated with both amount and duration of ethanol treatment. In human subjects, an intake of about 60 g of alcohol for 30 days led to almost 50% (P <.01) depletion of sialic acid from plasma HDL-Apo J. Further, we established that there was a positive correlation of alteration in SIJ with alcohol consumption, detoxification, abstinence, and relapse in human alcohol-dependent patients (sensitivity, 90%-92%). In addition, plasma SIJ was decreased by 50%-57% (P <.01) in both male and female alcohol-dependent subjects. We suggest that plasma SIJ can be used as a viable marker for early detection of chronic alcohol consumption in human beings.
To investigate the association of calcium intake independently of other nutrients already known as predictors of hypertension, a cross-sectional study was carried out on the same population in Japan as used for the INTERSALT study. Dietary calcium intake was estimated from a 1-day 24-h recall. Sodium and potassium intakes were evaluated by 24-h urinary excretion. Data from 476 subjects aged 20-59 years, 230 men and 246 women, were analysed. The mean dietary calcium intake ranged from 557 to 608 mg/day among men, and from 528 to 639 mg/day among women. Among men, the pooled estimate of the regression coefficients of blood pressure (mm Hg) per 100 mg increase of calcium intake, adjusted for age and body mass index (BMI), were -0.42 mm Hg for systolic blood pressure (SBP) and -0.35 mm Hg for diastolic blood pressure (DBP), but there was no statistical significance. Among women, the pooled estimates of regression coefficients adjusted for age and BMI were -0.92 mm Hg for SBP and -0.83 mm Hg for DBP with statistical significance. After adjustment for age, BMI, alcohol intake and urinary excretion of sodium and potassium, the pooled estimate of calcium intake was -0.66 mm Hg for DBP with statistical significance and -0.70 mm Hg for SBP. A significant negative association of calcium intake with blood pressure was observed among the subjects in Osaka. Our study suggests that increased calcium intake may provide a benefit of lowering blood pressure independently of other minerals such as sodium and potassium.
Plasma total homocysteine (tHcy), cysteine and cysteinyl-glycine were measured in a representative sample of 922 young people aged 4-18 years, participating in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey in mainland Britain in 1997. Both tHcy and cysteine increased markedly with age; cysteinyl-glycine less so. Neither tHcy nor cysteine differed between genders; cysteinyl-glycine was higher in males. tHcy concentrations were lowest in the winter; cysteine and cysteinyl-glycine varied only slightly with season. In respondents aged >15 years, tHcy was higher in smokers, but in respondents aged 7-11 years, tHcy was higher in those whose mothers smoked. tHcy was inversely correlated with serum folate, serum vitamin B12 and vitamin B6 status, but neither cysteine nor cysteinyl-glycine shared these relationships. The relationships between tHcy and B-vitamin status indices ran parallel with those of the 65 years and over survey, but at much lower tHcy concentrations for any given B-vitamin concentration. Age-adjusted tHcy was not correlated with anthropometric indices, blood pressure, haematology, plasma creatinine, urea or cholesterol, but was directly correlated with fasting triacylglycerol. We conclude that disease-risk indices, like tHcy and perhaps cysteine, if established during early life, may be modulated by diet and lifestyle, thereby providing an opportunity for public health intervention.
Ethyl glucuronide (EtG) is a non-volatile, water-soluble metabolite of ethanol, with a high storage stability. It can be detected in body fluids, tissues, sweat and hair for an extended time period after the elimination of ethanol from the body. EtG closes the gap between short-term markers for alcohol consumption such as ethanol or methanol and long-term markers for alcohol misuse such as GGT, MCV and CDT. Due to its specific time-frame of detection and its high sensitivity and specificity, EtG is a promising marker for alcohol consumption and for relapse control that enables the therapist to intervene at an early stage of relapsing behaviour. The aim of this review is to give an overview of analytical techniques for the detection of EtG, its clinical use and remaining questions.
OBJECTIVES: To assess the validity of the Food Intake Recording Software System (FIRSSt) against observation of school lunch and a 24-hour dietary recall (24hDR); and to test the effects of sequencing, observation and a hair sample as a bogus pipeline on accuracy of dietary report. DESIGN: Six-group design systematically varying sequence of self-report (FIRSSt vs 24hDR), observation of school lunch and hair sample as a bogus pipeline manipulation, with random assignment of participants. SUBJECTS/SETTING: 138 fourth-grade students in 2 elementary schools. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Accuracy of reported food consumption was measured in terms of matches, intrusions, and omissions among the FIRSSt, 24hDR, and as observed at school lunch. Students also completed self-report of performance with FIRSSt. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS PERFORMED: t tests, Pearson correlations, analysis of variance, factor analysis. RESULTS: When compared with school lunch observation for one meal, FIRSSt attained 46% match, 24% intrusion and 30% omission rates, while a dietitian-conducted 24hDR obtained 59% match, 17% intrusion, and 24% omission rates. FIRSSt attained 60% match, 15% intrusion, and 24% omission rates against 24hDR for all meals in the previous day. There was no evidence of sequence of assessment affecting accuracy indicators, but there was a weak effect of school lunch observation on percent intrusions. Obtaining a hair sample reduced the omission rate for FIRSSt vs 24hDR and increased the match rate for 24hDR vs observation, thereby enhancing this as a bogus pipeline procedure. Children generally enjoyed completing FIRSSt. Hispanic children were more likely to report problems using FIRSSt. APPLICATIONS/CONCLUSIONS: FIRSSt is somewhat less accurate than a dietitian-conducted 24hDR. However, this lower-cost procedure provides a promising method for assessing diet among children. Observation of consumption at school lunch may be reactive and artificially increase agreement. Obtaining a hair sample as a bogus pipeline may be a valuable technique for enhancing the accuracy of dietary assessment among children. 
BACKGROUND: To assess the relative validity of a short food frequency questionnaire, the Fat list, to be used in (the evaluation of) nutrition education programmes. METHODS: Forty-five adults and 50 adolescents (12-18 years old) completed the Fat list at home, and subsequently kept diet records for seven subsequent days. RESULTS: Pearson correlations of about 0.7 for adults and 0.6 for adolescents were observed between fat scores derived from the Fat list and total and saturated fat intake in grams estimated by the 7-day diet records. Correlations varied among subpopulations based on sex, age, education, household size and responsibility for cooking and shopping. Lower correlations were especially found for female adolescents and older adolescents (16-18 years old). Pearson correlations between the Fat list and percentages energy from fat were low for both adults and adolescents. Gross misclassification, defined as disagreement between the two fat consumption assessments beyond an adjacent tertile, was less than 6% for all but the female adolescents. CONCLUSIONS: The Fat list can be used in adult and male adolescent populations to classify subjects in broad categories of total and saturated fat intake in grams and to assess differences in absolute and saturated fat intake between groups as a result of nutrition education programmes. 
To define the relationship between fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia, plasma glucose concentrations were determined before and after breakfast and lunch in 42 diet-treated patients with type 2 diabetes. Breakfast was consumed at 8:00 AM and lunch at 12:00 PM, with blood drawn hourly from 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM for measurement of plasma glucose concentration. The results demonstrated highly significant correlation coefficients (r) between fasting plasma glucose concentration and any individual hourly value (r values varying between 0.86 and 0.91). Furthermore, fasting plasma glucose concentrations and the total integrated glucose response areas, post-breakfast (8:00 AM to 12:00 PM), post-lunch (12:00 PM to 4:00 PM), and day-long (8:00 AM to 4:00 PM) were also highly correlated, with r values of 0.95, 0.91, and 0.94, respectively. These results demonstrate that fasting and postprandial glucose concentrations are almost perfectly correlated in diet-treated patients with type 2 diabetes, and that determination of fasting plasma glucose concentrations in these individuals provides an excellent estimate of degree of glycemic control.
BACKGROUND: This issue of the relationship between animal protein intake and blood pressure (BP) is unsolved. We examined the associations between urinary 3-methylhistidine (3MH) excretion (a biological marker of animal protein intake) and BP in 11 Chinese population samples (Urumqi, Altai, Lhasa, Tulufan, Hetian, Guiyang, Guangzhou, Shanghai, Beijing, Shijiazhuang and Taipei). METHODS: This was a multi-centre cross-sectional study. In each centre, 100 men and 100 women aged 48-56 years were selected randomly from the general population. 3-methylhistidine in 24-hour (24-h) urine collections was measured by an Amino Acid Analyzer (Hitachi 835, Ibaragi, Japan). The total study sample included 966 men and 1025 women. Subjects who failed to collect complete 24-h urine samples were excluded in data analyses regarding associations between 3MH and BP. RESULTS: The results showed that: (1) for within-centre analyses of individuals, the 3MH and 3MH to creatinine ratios (3MH:cre) were significantly and negatively associated with BP and hypertension. These associations remained significant after adjustment for age, sex, sodium to potassium ratio, body mass index, calcium and magnesium. The pooled regression coefficients (SE) of systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) on 3MH were -0.020 (0.01) and -0.018 (0.01), and of SBP and DBP on 3MH:cre were -0.022 (0.01) and -0.016 (0.01), respectively. Subjects with lower 3MH excretion had higher relative risks of hypertension than those who had higher 3MH excretion. (2) In cross-centre analyses, mean SBP and DBP were significantly and negatively associated with the mean 3MH:cre across the 11 population samples (R(2) = 0.56, P < 0.01). CONCLUSION: The results provide strong evidence that animal protein intake is associated inversely with BP in Chinese populations. 
The availability of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids during infancy has been related to neonatal growth and development. Fatty acid concentration at birth is an important predictor of postnatal level. The primary aim of this study was to provide a description of the distribution of n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the plasma phospholipid fraction of pregnant women remaining on a Western-style diet and their neonates. The plasma phospholipid polyunsaturated fatty acid composition was determined by gas-liquid chromatography in 889 mother-infant pairs. Blood samples were taken during the first, second and third trimester of pregnancy, at delivery, and from the umbilical vein at birth. Mean (+/- SD) fatty acid concentrations are reported in mg/l and as percentage of total fatty acids (% wt/wt). In addition, the 10th, 25th, 50th, 75th and 90th percentiles are given. The distribution of docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3) and arachidonic acid (20:4n-6) concentrations in umbilical plasma phospholipids is also reported as a function of gestational age and maternal linoleic acid intake during pregnancy. This data can be be used as a reference for future studies and may aid in identifying term infants with a relatively low long-chain polyene status at birth.
BACKGROUND: Recent studies in adults suggest that individual dietary fatty acids differ markedly in their effects on serum lipids and lipoprotein levels. However, these associations have rarely been studied in children. OBJECTIVE: To assess, using regression procedures, the associations in children between specific fatty acids and nonfasting serum lipids and cholesterol after controlling for total energy and total fat intake, SUBJECTS: The sample consisted of 1,182 children who participated in the Child and Adolescent Trial for Cardiovascular Health. The sample was equally distributed across 4 sites (Louisiana, Texas, Minnesota, California). The sample was 48% boys; 71% white, 15% Hispanic-American, 10% African-American, 2% Asian, and 2% from other or unspecified racial/ethnic heritage. DESIGN: In this randomized multicenter trial with 56 intervention and 40 control elementary schools, food record-assisted 24-hour dietary recalls and serum lipid measurements were collected for each child at baseline (3rd grade) and at the 5th grade follow-up. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to evaluate the association between nutrient composition of the diet and serum lipids. Independent dietary variables included amount and type of fat, individual fatty acids, protein, carbohydrate, and fiber. The dependent variables were the absolute values of serum total cholesterol (TC) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) both at baseline (3rd grade) and at follow-up (5th grade). RESULTS: Increased total fat (b=0.053; P<.03) was associated with increased TC in the model when energy was held constant, whereas increased carbohydrate was associated with decreased TC (b=-0.021, P<.02) and HDL-C (b=-0.010, P<.005) levels. Increased total protein (b=0.017, P<.05) was associated with increased HDL-C when energy was held constant. Saturated fat (b=0.004, P<.04), unsaturated fat (b=0.004, P<.03), and myristic fatty acid (b=0.021, P<.01) all increased TC in the model when total fat and total energy were held constant. CONCLUSIONS/APPLICATIONS: We conclude that using a modeling approach, the effect of diet on serum lipids in children is similar to that observed in adults. Total fat and saturated fat were positively associated with TC and HDLC levels, saturated fat was positively associated with TC, and carbohydrate was inversely associated with both TC and HDL-C. In the statistical model, substitution of unsaturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, or oleic acid for saturated fat, while holding total fat and energy constant, slightly lowered TC. In contrast, substitution of total fat for carbohydrate in the model increased TC and, thus, did not seem to be associated with an apparent health advantage except for HDL-C elevating effects. However, consumption of individual fats tends to be highly correlated, and we were unable to determine if these biological effects were operating independently. 
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the reproducibility of, and to compare and calibrate, diet measures by the Northern Sweden 84-item food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with measures from 24-hour diet recalls (24-HDR). DESIGN: Randomly selected respondents from the EPIC (diet-cancer) and MONICA (diet-cardiovascular disease) study cohort in Northern Sweden were invited to answer the FFQ twice over a one-year interval (FFQ1 and FFQ2), and to complete ten 24-hour recalls (reference method) in the months between. Plasma beta-carotene concentrations were determined from a subset of 47 participants. SETTING: Vsterbotten and Norrbotten, Northern Sweden. PARTICIPANTS: Ninety-six men and 99 women, who completed the study. RESULTS: The reproducibility of the FFQ was high in terms of both mean energy and nutrient intakes and relative ranking of participants by intake levels (median Pearson correlation of 0.68). Moderately higher food intake frequencies were recorded by FFQ1 compared with 24-hour recalls for dairy products, bread/cereals, vegetables, fruits and potato/rice/pasta, whereas meat, fish, sweet snacks and alcoholic beverage intakes were lower. The median Spearman coefficient of correlation between FFQ1 and the average of ten 24-HDR measurements was 0.50. Daily energy and nutrient intakes were similar for FFQ1 and 24-HDR measurements, except for fibre, vitamin C, beta-carotene and retinol (FFQ1>24-HDR) and sucrose and cholesterol Pearson coefficients of correlation between FFQ1 and 24-HDR corrected for attenuation due to residual day-to-day variation in the 24-HDR measurements ranged from 0.36 to 0.79 (median 0.54). Adjustment for energy had only very moderate effects on the correlation estimates. Calibration coefficients estimated by linear regression of the 24-HDR on the FFQ1 measurements varied between 0.30 and 0.59 for all nutrients except alcohol, which had calibration coefficients close to 1.0. These low calibration coefficients indicate that relative risk estimates corresponding to an absolute difference in dietary intake levels measured by the FFQ will generally be biased towards 1.0. Plasma beta-carotene levels had a Pearson coefficient of correlation of 0.47 with the 24-HDR measurements, and of 0.23 with FFQ1 measurements. CONCLUSIONS: The Northern Sweden FFQ measurements have good reproducibility and an estimated level of validity similar to that of FFQ measurements in other prospective cohort studies. The results from this study will form the basis for the correction of attenuation and regression dilution biases in relative risk estimates, in future studies relating FFQ measurements to disease outcomes. 
A number of circulating breakdown products of collagen or other components of extracellular matrix, matrix degrading metalloproteinases (MMPs) and their tissue inhibitors (TIMPs) have been proposed as markers of hepatic fibrosis. However, the published results lack consistency. Since many of the patients with fibrosis studied were alcoholics, the question was raised whether recent alcohol consumption may affect the results obtained. Using sandwich-type assays of radioimmunoassay technology with corresponding antibodies, we studied eight markers of liver fibrosis: laminin, tenascin, undulin, TIMP-1, collagen VI, procollagen type III (PIIINP), hyaluronic acid (HA) and MMP-2. A group of 10 alcoholics was studied after significant alcohol consumption and following 2 weeks of abstinence, verified with repeated breath alcohol measurement. Laminin was significantly reduced at 1 week (22%) and at 2 weeks (30%). Similarly, tenascin and undulin were also significantly decreased. By contrast, TIMP-1, collagen VI, PIIINP, HA and MMP-2 did not significantly change. The mode of action of alcohol on these tests is unknown. These differences must be considered when using those measurements to assess liver fibrosis.
Free radicals and other reactive species are generated in vivo and many of them can cause oxidative damage to DNA. Although there are methodological uncertainties about accurate quantitation of oxidative DNA damage, the levels of such damage that escape immediate repair and persist in DNA appear to be in the range that could contribute significantly to mutation rates in vivo. The observation that diets rich in fruits and vegetables can decrease both oxidative DNA damage and cancer incidence is consistent with this. By contrast, agents increasing oxidative DNA damage usually increase risk of cancer development. Such agents include cigarette smoke, several other carcinogens, and chronic inflammation. Rheumatoid arthritis and diabetes are accompanied by increased oxidative DNA damage but the pattern of increased cancer risk seems unusual. Other uncertainties are the location of oxidative DNA damage within the genome and the variation in rate and level of oxidative damage between different body tissues. In well-nourished human volunteers, fruits and vegetables have been shown to decrease oxidative DNA damage in several studies, but data from short-term human intervention studies suggest that the protective agents are not vitamin C, vitamin E, beta-carotene, or flavonoids.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the influence of the dietary intake of fatty acid on urinary oxalate excretion in calcium oxalate stone-formers in their fourth decade, as previous reports show that animal fat intake is associated with urinary oxalate excretion. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The dietary intake of 58 idiopathic stone-formers in their fourth decade was recorded using the dietary-record method. The patients collected 24-h urine samples at home and their urinary oxalate excretion was measured in a clinical biochemistry laboratory. The results were used to determine the relationship between the dietary intake of fatty acids and urinary oxalate excretion. Associations between urinary oxalate excretion and dietary contents of animal fat, animal protein and various fatty acids were assessed using Spearman's correlation coefficient and multiple regression. RESULTS: The dietary content of arachidonic acid was positively correlated with urinary oxalate excretion, as assessed by univariate and multivariate analysis. CONCLUSION: The association between arachidonic acid and oxalate excretion suggests that arachidonic acid increases the intestinal absorption of oxalate and increases the clearance of oxalate in the kidneys. 
BACKGROUND: Vitamin E (VE) is a potent antioxidant that can improve the immune macrophage-mediated response, decrease the production and/or release of prostaglandins in humans, and decrease the serum levels of immunoglobulin E (IgE) in atopic subjects. AIM: To compare the effects of placebo (PL) and VE intake (400 IU/day) on subjective symptoms and serum IgE levels in 96 subjects with atopic dermatitis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A single-blind clinical analysis was performed on 96 subjects randomly divided into two groups. Fifty subjects were given orally 400 IU (268 mg) of VE of natural origin, once a day for 8 months, and 46 took PL for the same period. Complete blood count, serum IgE levels, radioallergosorbent test (RAST) score, antinuclear antibodies (ANA), and biochemical analysis were obtained at the time of enrollment and every 15 days during the 8 months of the study. To evaluate VE therapy, a questionnaire was sent to each subject for completion at the end of the study. RESULTS: The results were as follows: (A) four subjects treated with VE worsened, compared to 36 in the PL group; (B) six subjects in the VE group and five in the PL group showed no change; (C) slight improvement was observed in 10 subjects in the VE group and four in the PL group; (D) 23 of the 50 subjects treated with VE showed great improvement, compared to only one in the PL group; and (E) there was almost complete remission of atopic dermatitis in seven of the 50 subjects in the VE group, but none in the PL group. Females showed less progression of atopic dermatitis than males in both groups and a higher percentage of almost complete remission (five females and two males). The range of serum IgE levels varied markedly from 1005 to 490 IU/mL in the VE group and from 1239 to 812 IU/mL in the PL group over 8 months. Subjects with great improvement and near remission of atopic dermatitis in the VE group demonstrated a decrease of 62% in serum IgE levels based on initial conditions, while, in subjects taking PL, the difference was approximately 34.4%. No complications were observed in either group. A remarkable improvement in facial erythema, lichenification, and the presence of apparently normal skin was reported. Eczematous lesions healed mostly as a result of decreased pruritus. CONCLUSIONS: The correlation between VE intake, IgE levels, and the clinical manifestations of atopy indicates that VE could be an excellent therapeutic tool for atopic dermatitis. 
OBJECTIVE: To develop a simple but sensitive instrument to evaluate and document symptoms of both bowel and urinary dysfunction in women. DESIGN: A 22-item questionnaire covering a range of bowel and urinary symptoms was developed and underwent rigorous psychometric testing. SETTING: The gynaecology departments of three hospitals, a urogynaecology clinic, a functional bowel clinic and a general practice. POPULATION: Six hundred and thirty women, comprising four groups: 1. women awaiting hysterectomy (n = 379), 2. women following hysterectomy (n = 45), 3. women referred with functional bowel and/or urinary symptoms (n = 65), 4. asymptomatic controls (n = 141). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The content, construct and criterion validity, internal consistency, reliability and responsiveness of the questionnaire were measured. RESULTS Peer and patient reports and missing data patterns supported face and content validity. Factor analysis showed a clinically relevant four-factor structure with low content replication able to distinguish between patient groups, indicating good internal structure. Comparison with clinical, anorectal physiological, videoproctographic, transit time and urodynamic test results provide provisional indication of criterion validity. Key domain question analysis and Cronbach's alphas showed internal consistency. Kappa values demonstrated good test-retest reliability and key question correlation over time proved responsiveness. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings support the suitability, clinical validity, reliability and responsiveness of a simple questionnaire, which is sensitive to the constraints of clinical practice. The authors recommend its use in health care evaluation research assessing the effects of pelvic surgery and as a useful tool in comparing treatment efficacy. 
The present study compared the effect of dietary conjugated linolenic acid (CLNA) on body fat and serum and liver lipid levels with that of CLA in rats. FFA rich in linoleic acid, a-linolenic acid, CLA, or CLNA were used as experimental fats. Male Sprague-Dawley rats (4 wk old) were fed purified diets containing 1% of one of these experimental fats. After 4 wk of feeding, adipose tissue weights, serum and liver lipid concentrations, serum tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha and leptin levels, and hepatic beta-oxidation activities were measured. Compared with linoleic acid, CLA and, more potently, CLNA were found to reduce perirenal adipose tissue weight. The same trend was observed in the weight of epididymal adipose tissue. CLNA, but not CLA, was found to significantly increase serum and liver TG concentrations. Serum FFA concentration was also increased in the CLNA group more than in the other groups. The activity of beta-oxidation in liver mitochondria and peroxisomes was significantly higher in the CLNA group than in the other groups. Thus, the amount of liver TG exceeded the ability of hepatic beta-oxidation. Significant positive correlation was found between the adipose tissue weights and serum leptin levels in all animals (vs. perirenal: r = 0.557, P < 0.001; vs. epididymal: r = 0.405, P < 0.05). A less significant correlation was found between adipose tissue weights and serum TNF-alpha level (vs. perirenal: r = 0.069, P > 0.1; vs. epididymal: r = 0.382, P < 0.05). Although the mechanism for the specific effect of CLNA is not clear at present, these findings indicate that in rats CLNA modulated the body fat and TG metabolism differently from CLA.
Hypertension is associated with impaired fibrinolysis. Both angiotensin receptor blockers (ARB) and the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet effectively lower blood pressure in hypertensive patients. Some evidence suggests that treatment with ARBs could increase fibrinolysis, however, data is conflicting. The impact of the DASH diet on fibrinolytic parameters is not known. Fifty-five hypertensive participants (35 African-American, 20 white) were randomly assigned to receive 8 weeks of either a control diet or the DASH diet. The diets did not differ in sodium content (approximately 3 g/day). Within each diet, individuals were randomly assigned to receive losartan or placebo for 4 weeks in double-blind, cross-over fashion. Tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) antigen, t-PA activity, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) activity and plasma renin activity (PRA) were measured at the end of a 2-week run-in period on the control diet and after each treatment period. The DASH diet did not affect markers of fibrinolysis. Losartan significantly lowered t-PA antigen levels (-1.8 ng/mL, P = 0.045), but had no effect on t-PA or PAI-1 activities. This effect was more pronounced in whites (-4.1 ng/mL (P = 0.003)) compared with African-Americans (-0.3 ng/mL (P = 0.7), P-interaction = 0.03). Results were not materially affected by adjustment for basline values or changes in blood pressure. This study demonstrates that losartan reduces t-PA antigen levels in white, but not African-American hypertensive individuals. In contrast, the DASH diet had no significant effect on markers of fibrinolysis in whites or African-Americans.
Dietary folate consists of monoglutamate and polyglutamate folate species. In the small intestine, folate polyglutamate is deconjugated to the monoglutamate form before absorption takes place. This enzymatic deconjugation might limit the bioavailability of polyglutamate folate. Until now, no data have been available on dietary intake of both folate forms and their associations with folate status. Therefore, we estimated the intake of monoglutamate and polyglutamate folate in the Dutch population and studied whether the association with plasma folate is different for these two folate forms. Dietary intake of monoglutamate and polyglutamate folate from nonfortified foods was estimated for 2435 subjects (1275 men; 1160 women) aged 20-65 y. The intake of monoglutamate folate was about one third of total folate intake, derived mainly from bread (approximately 20%) and meat (approximately 18%), whereas two thirds consisted of polyglutamates, derived mainly from vegetables (approximately 25%). The predictive power of the regression model with total folate intake as the independent variable adjusted for age, smoking and alcohol intake, did not increase when including the ratio of monoglutamate to polyglutamate folate intake. In addition, linear regression models showed that both monoglutamate and polyglutamate folate intake were associated positively with plasma folate levels. However, in men, the monoglutamate folate form appeared to be a threefold stronger determinant of plasma folate levels than polyglutamate folate, whereas in women, both folate forms were equally strong determinants. This might be explained by different food intake patterns of men and women, including alcohol intake. At present, it does not seem necessary to distinguish between food folate forms in advising an increase in folate intake from nonfortified foods.
Beta-glucuronidase hydrolyzes glucuronide moieties from steroids and xenobiotics, such that circulating glucuronyl conjugates can interact with target tissues. In animal models, dietary constituents can alter beta-glucuronidase activity. In humans, serum beta-glucuronidase activity reflects liver enzyme loss during cell turnover, and thus is a surrogate for hepatic beta-glucuronidase. We recruited 83 men and 120 women, who were nonsmokers, 20-40 y of age, with self-reported vegetable and fruit (V&F) intakes of < or = 2.5 or > or = 4.5 servings/d. Diet was assessed by 3-d food record and serum carotenoids were measured as biomarkers of V&F intake (e.g., servings V&F vs. alpha-carotene; r = 0.47, P = 0.0001). Serum beta-glucuronidase activity (Modified Sigma Units/L), determined in blood samples collected on two consecutive days from fasting subjects, was higher in men than women (mean +/- SEM: 20.4 x 10(3) +/- 1.0 x10(3) and 17.0 x 10(3) +/- 0.6 x 10(3), P = 0.002). beta-Glucuronidase activity (adjusted for sex) was inversely associated with intakes of plant protein, fruit, dietary fiber (r = -0.24 to -0.30; P < 0.001), botanical groupings Cucurbitaceae, Rosaceae, and Leguminosae (r = -0.16 to -0.19; P < 0.05), and serum alpha- and beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin (r = -0.18 to -0.26; P < or = 0.01). Activity was not associated with overall vegetable intake. Although these associations are modest, the data suggest that plant foods, particularly constituents of fruits and fiber-containing foods, may influence human beta-glucuronidase activity in a potentially favorable direction.
A short quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to assess folate intake was developed and validated against a 7-d weighed food intake record (7d-WR) and biochemical indices of folate status. Thirty-six men and women completed the self-administered FFQ on two occasions a month apart, kept a 7d-WR and gave two fasting blood samples at the beginning and end of the study for measuring serum and erythrocyte folate, respectively. Mean folate intakes were similar by repeat FFQ and correlated strongly (r 077 and r 072, P<0.001, for men and women, respectively). All other comparisons were done using the results of the FFQ administered on the first occasion. Men reported similar folate intakes on the FFQ and 7d-WR, but women reported greater intakes on the FFQ compared with the 7d-WR (P<0.05). There was a statistically significant correlation (partial, controlling for gender) between folate intakes reported by FFQ and 7d-WR (r 0.53, P<0.01). Folate intakes estimated by FFQ correlated significantly with serum (r 0.47, P<0.01), but not erythrocyte folate (r 0.25, P>0.05), the strength of the association was greater in men than in women. Validity coefficients estimated using the method of triads were higher for the FFQ than for the 7d-WR when serum folate was used as the biomarker. Overall, these results suggest that this short FFQ is a useful method for assessing folate intake, particularly in men.
Plasma phylloquinone (vitamin K1) concentration was examined according to season, socio-demographic and lifestyle factors and phylloquinone intake in a nationally representative sample of British people aged 65 years and over from the 1994-5 National Diet and Nutrition Survey. Values for both plasma phylloquinone concentration and phylloquinone intake were available from 1076 participants (561 men, 515 women). Eight hundred and thirty-four were living in private households, 242 in residential or nursing homes. Weighted geometric mean plasma phylloquinone concentrations were 0.36 (inner 95% range [corrected] 0.06, 2.01) and 0.24 (inner 94% range [corrected] 0.06, 0.96) nmol/l in free-living and institution samples respectively. Plasma phylloquinone concentrations did not generally differ between men and women, although values in free-living people were significantly lower during autumn and winter (October to March). Plasma phylloquinone concentration was not significantly associated with age. Plasma phylloquinone concentrations were positively correlated with phylloquinone intake in free-living men and women (r 0.18 and 0.30 respectively, both P<0.001). Stepwise multiple regression analysis found that 11 % of the variation in plasma phylloquinone concentration was explained by phylloquinone intake, season and plasma triacylglycerol concentration. After adjustment for age and corresponding nutrient intakes, plasma phylloquinone concentration was significantly associated (each P<0.01) with plasma concentrations of triacylglycerol, cholesterol, retinol and 25-hydroxyvitamin D in free-living women but not men, and with plasma concentrations of carotenes, alpha- and gamma-tocopherols and lutein in free-living men and women. The possibility of concurrent low fat-soluble vitamin status in elderly populations may be a cause for concern.
BACKGROUND: No agreement exists about the number of autologous peripheral blood progenitor cells (PBPCs) to transfuse for optimal hematologic recovery after high-dose chemotherapy. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: To determine CD34+ cell dosage following high-dose chemotherapy (in terms of hematologic recovery and blood component consumption), the effects of two schedules of CD34+ cell transfusions in a cohort of patients with myeloma or non-Hodgkin's lymphoma were examined. Forty patients (Group 1) received between 2.5 and 5 x 106 CD34+ cells per kg, with a median of 3.4 x 106 per kg following high-dose chemotherapy, and 40 patients (Group 2), selected to match Group 1 for age, diagnosis, prior therapies, and procedure for PBPC mobilization, received a dose of CD34+ cells >5 x 106 per kg, with a median of 8.4 x 106 per kg (5-33). RESULTS: The median number of days to achieve a neutrophil count of >0.5 x 109 per L and unsupported platelets of >20 x 109 per L was identical for the two groups, but the time required to reach 1.5 x 109 neutrophils per L and 50 x 109 platelets per L was greatly delayed in Group 1. No significant difference was observed for the median number of RBC and platelet transfusions, or for the proportion of patients in each group that did not require either platelet or RBC transfusions. CONCLUSION: Our data confirm a dose-response relationship between CD34+ cell dose transfused and time to hematologic recovery after high-dose chemotherapy. However, the minimal Hb and platelet counts for transfusion independence in the two groups are similar when the CD34+ cell dose is greater than 5 x 106 CD34+ cells per kg. Therefore, our data suggest that it is not necessary to go on with apheresis procedures after 5 x 106 CD34+ cells per kg are harvested to sustain one high-dose chemotherapy. 
BACKGROUND: Plasma and adipose tissue concentrations of carotenoids are thought to reflect short- and long-term intakes of carotenoids, respectively. The ability of adipose tissue carotenoid concentrations to reflect dietary intake in population studies is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We examined the relation between intakes of the major dietary carotenoids and their concentrations in plasma and adipose tissue. DESIGN: A blood sample and an adipose tissue biopsy sample were collected from 115 women and 344 men in Costa Rica after they had fasted overnight, and a dietary interview based on a 135-item food-frequency questionnaire was administered. After carotenoid intake was adjusted for total energy intake and plasma concentrations were adjusted for HDL-, LDL-, and VLDL-cholesterol concentrations, we calculated partial Spearman correlation coefficients that were adjusted for age, sex, smoking, and body mass index. RESULTS: In women, the correlations (r) between intakes and concentrations of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, and lutein+zeaxanthin were 0.25, 0.29, 0.44, and 0.17, respectively (P < 0.05 for r > or = 0.19), in adipose tissue and 0.26, 0.13, 0.55, and 0.22 in plasma. In men, these values were 0.04, 0.07, 0.23, and 0.06 in adipose tissue and 0.24, 0.22, 0.44, and 0.20 in plasma. In women and men, correlations for lycopene were higher in plasma (r = 0.19 and 0.35, respectively) than in adipose tissue (r = 0.14 and 0.26). The relative abundance of each carotenoid in the diet was similar to its distribution in plasma but not in adipose tissue. CONCLUSION: The usefulness of adipose tissue and plasma carotenoids as biomarkers of intake is similar, although correlations for individual carotenoids vary substantially. 
OBJECTIVE: To define a set of dietary components that are relevant determinants for health in Europe. The selected components are intended to serve as nutrition indicators for health in the European Health Monitoring Programme and, as such, must be limited in number, relevant to health in Europe and practical for all involved countries with respect to data gathering and comparability of data. DESIGN: Major nutrition factors were determined by reviewing relevant epidemiological and clinical literature in nutrition and health as well as referring to reports from international expert groups, including the report from the project Nutrition and Diet for Healthy Lifestyles in Europe. The selection of factors was also based on the relative ease and cost involved for participating countries to obtain comparable and valid data. RESULTS: The selected factors include foods or food groups as well as individual nutrients. Biomarkers are suggested for selected nutrients that pose the greatest difficulty in obtaining valid and comparable data from dietary studies. CONCLUSIONS: The following list of diet indicators for health monitoring in Europe was agreed upon by the EFCOSUM group in 2001, in order of priority: vegetables, fruit, bread, fish, saturated fatty acids as percentage of energy (%E), total fat as %E, and ethanol in grams per day. Biomarkers were suggested for the following nutrients: folate, vitamin D, iron, iodine and sodium. Energy has to be assessed in order to calculate %E from total fat and saturated fatty acids. 
Soy beans contain high levels of the isoflavones genistein and daidzein and their glycosides and have been implicated in the prevention of prostate cancer, possibly via their effects on sex hormone metabolism. The aim of this study was to assess the relation between dietary soy intake and sex hormone levels in a cross-sectional analysis of 696 men with a wide range of soy intakes. Soy milk intake was measured using a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire, and serum hormone concentrations were measured by immunoassay. Multiple regression was used to investigate the association between soy milk intake, an index of isoflavone intake, and hormone levels after adjustment for pertinent confounders. Soy milk intake was not associated with serum concentrations of testosterone, free testosterone, androstanediol glucuronide, sex hormone-binding globulin, or luteinizing hormone. These results suggest that soy milk intake, as a marker of isoflavone intake, is not associated with serum sex hormone concentrations among free-living Western men.
Very low-carbohydrate (ketogenic) diets are popular yet little is known regarding the effects on serum biomarkers for cardiovascular disease (CVD). This study examined the effects of a 6-wk ketogenic diet on fasting and postprandial serum biomarkers in 20 normal-weight, normolipidemic men. Twelve men switched from their habitual diet (17% protein, 47% carbohydrate and 32% fat) to a ketogenic diet (30% protein, 8% carbohydrate and 61% fat) and eight control subjects consumed their habitual diet for 6 wk. Fasting blood lipids, insulin, LDL particle size, oxidized LDL and postprandial triacylglycerol (TAG) and insulin responses to a fat-rich meal were determined before and after treatment. There were significant decreases in fasting serum TAG (-33%), postprandial lipemia after a fat-rich meal (-29%), and fasting serum insulin concentrations (-34%) after men consumed the ketogenic diet. Fasting serum total and LDL cholesterol and oxidized LDL were unaffected and HDL cholesterol tended to increase with the ketogenic diet (+11.5%; P = 0.066). In subjects with a predominance of small LDL particles pattern B, there were significant increases in mean and peak LDL particle diameter and the percentage of LDL-1 after the ketogenic diet. There were no significant changes in blood lipids in the control group. To our knowledge this is the first study to document the effects of a ketogenic diet on fasting and postprandial CVD biomarkers independent of weight loss. The results suggest that a short-term ketogenic diet does not have a deleterious effect on CVD risk profile and may improve the lipid disorders characteristic of atherogenic dyslipidemia.
Excretion of 1,N(6)-ethenodeoxyadenosine (epsilon dA), a marker for lipid peroxidation (LPO)-derived DNA damage was analyzed in urine of nonsmoking postmenopausal women participating in a dietary intervention trial in Northern Japan. Hereby the efficacy of dietary consultation in reducing salt and increasing vitamin C and carotenes during 1 year was estimated. Thirty postmenopausal women, 60-69 years of age, from the intervention group and 30 age-matched women from the control group were randomly selected. The subjects completed a self-administered diet history questionnaire and in the pre- and post-intervention period 48 hr urine and fasting blood samples were collected. epsilon dA in urine was analyzed by an immuno-precipitation-high performance liquid chromatography-fluorescence detection method. epsilon dA excretion (/48 hr) in the 59 postmenopausal Japanese women with complete urine collection ranged from 12-226 pmol at the pre-intervention. At the pre-intervention, epsilon dA excretion was positively associated with urinary salt excretion (R = 0.33, p = 0.01) and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake (%energy value, R = 0.28, p = 0.03) in the 59 women. The average epsilon dA excretion in the intervention group was 61 pmol at pre-intervention and 44 pmol at post-intervention (p = 0.14). In the control group, it was 58 pmol at pre-intervention and 75 pmol at post-intervention (p = 0.24). During the intervention period, 18/29 (62%) of the subjects in the intervention group exhibited the decreased excretion and 10/26 (38%) in the control group (p = 0.08). Results from this pilot study suggest urinary epsilon dA as a potential biomarker of DNA damage possibly derived from salt-induced inflammation and LPO; further exploration of epsilon dA in human biomonitoring studies is warranted.
Many epidemiological studies suggest that elevated plasma fibrinogen concentrations form one of the most important independent risk factors in blood for cardiovascular disease and particularly atherosclerosis in humans. To clarify the effect of genetic factors, diets and their interactions on plasma fibrinogen concentrations, we examined plasma fibrinogen levels in four strains of mice, which differ in their susceptibility to cholesterol-induced atherosclerosis. When maintained on basal diet, two strains 129/J and C3H/HeJ exhibited a significantly higher plasma fibrinogen concentration (2.1 and 1.9 mg/ml) than C57BL/6J and BALB/C strains (1.5 and 1.4 mg/ml). The strongest and most rapid (1 week) increase of plasma fibrinogen (by all semi-synthetic diets) is observed in C57BL/6J mice, which are known to be highly susceptible to diet-induced atherosclerosis. After a period of 8 weeks an increase in plasma fibrinogen of approximately 30-50% was observed in all strains on all semi-synthetic diets. Remarkably, no increase was observed in the fibrinogen Aalpha- Bbeta- and gamma-chain mRNA levels in the liver on the same diets. These mRNA levels were even decreased by approximately 20-50% in all strains on an extremely atherogenic diet. It was found that: genetic background determines the plasma fibrinogen levels on basal diet; plasma fibrinogen levels are altered by diet; the extent of these changes depends on the genetic background: surprisingly, this increase of fibrinogen in plasma is independent of transcription; the diet-induced increase of fibrinogen was very fast in the very highly atherosclerosis-susceptible strain C57BL/6J having a low basal fibrinogen level, and very slow in the atherosclerosis-resistant strain C3H/HeJ having a high basal fibrinogen level. It might be concluded that it is the kinetics of the response of fibrinogen to diet rather than the actual level, which relates to atherosclerosis susceptibility.
OBJECTIVE: To develop a valid and reliable interviewer-administered questionnaire to measure the presence and severity of storage abnormality symptoms of incontinence, urgency, frequency and nocturia. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Subjects were 930 men and women aged >/=40 years, taking part in a randomized controlled trial of a continence nurse practitioner (CNP) service. Criterion validity was tested by comparing questionnaire responses to 24-h pad test and 3-day urinary diary. Responsiveness was assessed by comparing questionnaire responses before and after treatment. Questions about urgency were investigated for construct validity in patients taking part in the trial who underwent urodynamic investigation (243). Test-retest and inter-rater reliability was measured at approximately 6 days in subjects recruited to an associated epidemiological study (104 and 102, respectively). RESULTS: The questionnaire responses showed significant associations with pad-test and diary measures. Questions about the severity of daytime incontinence performed better than those measuring night-time incontinence. The response categories of soaked, wet, damp and almost dry had better associations with the pad test than other measures of the severity of incontinence. Test-retest and inter-rater reliability was good for all questions, and all were responsive to change in symptoms, showing significant differences before and after treatment. CONCLUSION: There is a clear need for standardization of measurement using well-validated instruments. This interviewer-administered questionnaire is valid, reliable and sensitive to change in a wide range of severity of symptoms, and in both men and women aged >/=40 years. The questionnaire provides a useful assessment tool for primary and secondary care in research and clinical settings. 
BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to compare the sensitivity and specificity of some new and traditional biological markers and indicators of health among Brazilian nondrinkers, drinkers, and alcohol-dependent patients. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We evaluated 130 nondrinkers, 167 drinkers, and 183 alcohol-dependent drinkers from Brazil who participated in the WHO/ISBRA Study on State and Trait Markers of Alcohol Use and Dependence. A standardized WHO/ISBRA Interview Schedule provided background information on the subjects' characteristics including reported health problems and alcohol consumption. Blood samples were analyzed for aspartate aminotransferase (AST), carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), blood alcohol levels (BAL), and platelet adenylate cyclase activity (basal levels [AC] and levels after stimulation with Gpp(NH)p, cesium fluoride, and forskolin). RESULTS: The alcohol-dependent drinkers presented higher levels of AST, GGT, AC, CDT, and BAL than the nondrinkers and drinkers, whose levels were similar. Sex differences in the sensitivity of CDT and AC were found. The alcohol-dependent women presented a lower prevalence of abnormal values of CDT and Gpp(NH)p-stimulated AC than the alcohol-dependent men, despite the fact that they presented similar alcohol consumption levels. The alcohol-dependent drinkers presented a higher prevalence of clinical disorders than the nondrinkers and drinkers. The drinkers and alcohol-dependent patients presented significantly higher rates of gastritis than the nondrinkers. CONCLUSIONS: Sex differences in the sensitivity of CDT and AC suggest that these markers are not as sensitive at detecting excessive alcohol use in women as they are in men. If data from this Brazilian sample are compared with those reported for international samples, relevant differences are detected, which suggests that genetic and cultural differences should be considered in the selection of biological markers of heavy alcohol consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Current biological state markers remain suboptimal with regard to sensitivity and specificity for monitoring alcohol consumption. The currently used state markers can be influenced by age, sex, and a variety of substances and non-alcohol-associated diseases and do not fully cover the time axis for alcohol intake. Ethyl glucuronide (EtG) is a promising, nonvolatile, water-soluble marker of recent alcohol consumption that is stable during storage and can be detected for an extended time period (up to 80 hr) after alcohol is completely eliminated from the body. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In the WHO/ISBRA Study of State and Trait Markers of Alcohol Use and Dependence, EtG was determined in urine samples from 304 patients with an liquid chromotography, electrospray ionization double mass spectrometry (ESI-LC/MS-MS) method. Deuterium labeled EtG was used as internal standard. Determination limit was 0.1 mg/liter. All measurements were performed in duplicate. A calibration solution was measured after each 10 samples. RESULTS: The following significant correlations were found for the Spearman rank correlation for the total sample between EtG and other variables: sobriety in days (r = -0.6), 5-hydroxytryptophol to 5-hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid (HTOL/HIAA) ratio (r = 0.58), ethanol level (r = 0.433), methanol level (r = 0.198), carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (r = 0.458), gamma-glutamyltransferase (r = 0.428), aspartate aminotransferase (r = 0.260), age (r = 0.264), and total grams of ethanol consumed in the previous month (r = 0.467). In a subsample of 277 subjects in whom no ethanol was detectable in urine, the following correlations with EtG levels were found: sobriety (days; r = -0.597), HTOL/HIAA ratio (r = 0.478), gamma-glutamyltransferase (r = 0.422), total grams of ethanol consumed last month (r = 0.395), and carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (r = 0.366; all significant at p < 0.05). When we compared results between EtG levels and the HTOL/HIAA ratio, 68.8% (n = 119) of those positive for EtG did not have elevated values for the HTOL/HIAA ratio. Thirty-one percent (31.2%) of these 119 subjects were positive for both parameters, but of those negative for EtG, only 4.4% had an elevated HTOL/HIAA ratio. CONCLUSIONS: EtG is a good candidate for a sensitive, specific, and reliable marker of recent alcohol intake. The complementary use of this marker with other biological state markers should significantly improve treatment outcome and therapy effectiveness and reduce costs. 
Groups of people with no occupational exposure to Br-containing chemicals (29-54 year old, mostly women) in Japan, China and Korea, respectively, offered spot urine samples. Those in China and Korea offered 24 h duplicates of foods of the day. Urine samples were analyzed for Br by ECD-gas chromatography (ECD-GC) after derivatization to methyl bromide, and the Br-U was adjusted for a specific gravity of 1.016. Food intake data were based on national statistics and supplemented by the food duplicate data. Mean Br-U was 5.4 and 6.5 mg/l for Japanese men and women, respectively. Mean levels were in a range of 1.8-2.8 mg/l for four groups of Chinese, and 8-12 mg/l for the four groups of women in Korea. Br-U levels among Korean women were close levels reported for occupational exposure to 1- or 2-bromopropane, or methyl bromide. Regression analyses showed that Br-U levels were influenced by the intake of marine products (such as sea algae, sea fish and shellfish) and fruits, and inversely relate to intakes of cereals and potato.
Several studies have suggested that dietary selenium deficiency may be associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). In the present study, 55 men and 71 women were selected from participants in a health examination in a rural coastal community in Japan. The mean dietary selenium intake calculated from the simple food frequency questionnaire (SFFQ) was 127.5 micrograms/day. Fish was the major source of dietary selenium and it contributed to 68.7% of the daily total. HDL cholesterol was higher in the middle selenium intake group and in the high selenium intake group than in the low selenium intake group in all subjects and for males, and a significant difference was found between the middle selenium intake group and the low selenium intake group. The atherogenic index was significantly higher in the low selenium intake group than in the middle selenium intake group and in the high selenium intake group in males. GPx activity, total cholesterol and triacylglycerols did not show any significant differences among the three different selenium intake groups. Dietary intake of non-fish Se had a positive correlation with HDL cholesterol, and an inverse correlation with the atherogenic index in all subjects and for females. On the other hand, dietary intake of fish-Se had no relationship with any serum lipids. Non-fish Se is an important factor in selenium status for the prevention of CHD.
BACKGROUND: Serum sialic acid (SA) has been suggested as a new marker of alcohol consumption. There are, however, only a few studies on the clinical value of such measurements. The relationship between serum SA and liver disease is also unknown. METHODS: We determined serum SA concentrations in a sample of 51 alcoholics and 20 healthy controls by using high-performance liquid chromatography with an anion-exchange column and pulsed amperometric detection. The alcoholic sample included 32 patients with liver disease, the severity of which was assessed by previously established combined clinical, laboratory, and morphological indices. In addition, there were 19 heavy drinkers without significant liver disease despite a well documented history of excessive alcohol consumption. RESULTS: The (mean +/- SD) SA concentrations (1.449 +/- 0.3019 mmol/liter) were significantly higher in the alcoholics than in the healthy controls (1.154 +/- 0.1702 mmol/liter). With the optimal cutoff limit for serum SA (1.425 mmol/liter), a specificity of 1.00 and sensitivity of 0.51 were obtained. The diagnostic accuracy of serum SA according to receiver operating characteristic analysis was good, with the area under the curve being 0.805 (0.052). Unlike the traditional serum markers of alcohol consumption (gamma-glutamyl transferase, carbohydrate-deficient transferrin, and aspartate amino transferase), serum SA was not found to be different between the alcoholics with or without liver disease. CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that serum SA is a sensitive marker of excessive alcohol consumption. Such measurements may also prove to be of value in conditions in which the results of the traditional markers reflect the severity of liver disease rather than alcohol consumption. 
OBJECTIVE: Overactive bladder (OAB) is characterized by symptoms of urinary frequency and urgency, with and without incontinence, and has been shown to have significant impact on health-related quality of life (HRQL). Currently, no OAB-specific questionnaires exist to evaluate all symptoms of OAB; thus we sought to evaluate the psychometric properties of a newly developed OAB HRQL questionnaire. METHODS: The 33-item, self-administered OAB-q contains a symptom bother and HRQL scale. Both the OAB-q and SF-36 were completed by participants from two sources: (1) a community sample who screened positive for OAB in a random-digit dial telephone survey and participated in a clinical validation study (n = 254); and (2) a clinical study of patients' seeking treatment for OAB symptoms (baseline assessment) (n = 736). Item and exploratory factor analysis were performed to assess the subscale structure of the questionnaire. Psychometric evaluation was conducted to assess reliability and validity. RESULTS: Seventy-four percent of the sample were women with mean age of 58.5. Participants with continent and incontinent symptoms reported significantly greater symptom bother and HRQL impact than normal participants. Significant differences were present among all patient groups in all OAB-q subscales (p < 0.0001) except sleep where the impact of continent and incontinent OAB was similar, but significantly worse than normal participants (p < 0.0001). Internal consistency was high with the subscale Cronbach alpha-values ranging from 0.86 to 0.94. CONCLUSION: The OAB-q is a reliable and valid instrument that discriminates between normal and clinically diagnosed continent and incontinent OAB participants. The OAB-q demonstrates that both continent and incontinent OAB symptoms cause significant symptom bother and have a negative impact on HRQL. 
BACKGROUND: Hypertension is strongly associated with cardiovascular and renal disease. However, despite the efforts made to control hypertension via drug treatment, prevalence of controlled hypertension could be considered low. AIM OF THE STUDY: We performed the present study to investigate dietary habits among groups with different blood pressure status (normotensive, non-medicated hypertensive, medicated hypertensive) and to analyze the association between blood pressure and intakes of selected nutrients in normotensive and non-medicated hypertensive subjects (n = 1357), and furthermore in those undergoing hypertension drug treatment (n = 210; controlled and non-controlled). METHODS: The present cross-sectional, population-based survey (Gerona, Spain) included cardiovascular risk measurements and analysis of dietary intake with corresponding questionnaires. RESULTS: Nutrient intake was similar among groups of different blood pressure status after adjusting for sex, age and energy consumption. Multiple linear regression analysis, after adjustment for several confounders, showed that dietary intake of sodium was directly related to blood pressure. The same was seen for the sodium to potassium ratio and both were independent of hypertension drug treatment. In contrast, an inverse association was observed between blood pressure and dietary calcium intake. Moderate sodium (< 2400 mg Na/d) intake reduced the risk of hypertension by 30 % and 52 % (Odds ratio 0.70; 95 % CI 0.52-0.94, respectively) in normotensive and non-medicated hypertensive subjects. Furthermore, moderate sodium in combination with a calcium intake of more than 800 mg/d reduced the risk of inadequate blood pressure control, by 52 % (Odds ratio 0.48; 95 % CI 0.24-0.95) in subjects undergoing hypertension drug treatment. Controlled hypertension subjects have a significantly higher calcium intake than non-controlled. CONCLUSION: These results emphasize the importance of diet and overall of sodium intake as non-pharmacological approach in the prevention and treatment of hypertension. 
BACKGROUND: Biomarkers can provide a more accurate measure of long-term intake than can dietary questionnaires. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to identify which adipose tissue fatty acids are suitable biomarkers of intake as assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire. DESIGN: Costa Rican men with a mean (+/- SD) age of 56 +/- 11 y (n = 367) and women aged 60 +/- 10 y (n = 136) completed a 135-item food-frequency questionnaire and provided an adipose tissue sample. Fifty fatty acids were identified by capillary gas chromatography. Correlation coefficients were calculated after adjustment for age, sex, body mass index, and smoking status. RESULTS: The best adipose tissue marker for total intake of saturated fatty acids was 15:0 + 17:0 (r = 0.18). Both 15:0 and 17:0 were also the best correlates of dairy product intake (r = 0.31 for each). The diet-adipose tissue correlations for n-3 fatty acids were r = 0.34 for 18:3, r = 0.15 for 20:5, and r = 0.18 for 22:6. Fish intake correlated significantly with these adipose tissue n-3 fatty acids. Dietary and adipose tissue n-6 fatty acids were highly correlated: 18:2 (r = 0.58) and 18:3 (r = 0.24). The best indicators of total trans fatty acid intake were ct18:2n-6 and tc18:2n-6 (r = 0.58 for each); total 18:1 trans fatty acid (r = 0.45) and 16:1 trans fatty acid (r = 0.16) were the next best indicators. CONCLUSIONS: Adipose tissue is a suitable biomarker of dietary fatty acid intake, particularly for n-3 and n-6 cis polyunsaturated fatty acids and trans fatty acids. Ideally, adipose tissue and dietary questionnaires should complement, rather than substitute for, each other in epidemiologic studies. 
BACKGROUND: To ensure the internal validity of a trial it is recommended to undertake a validation study of the method measuring the outcome. AIMS: To validate a self-administered, postal questionnaire (http://www.gyncph.suite.dk/praes/gimbel/gihtm) used for measuring the outcomes of a randomized clinical trial of total vs. subtotal abdominal hysterectomy. METHODS: A study of the content validity (10 patients) and a combined qualitative and quantitative validation study (20 patients) were performed. RESULTS: The median kappa of the 74 questions was 0.71 (range 0.22-1.00) and the median overall agreement was 0.76 (range 0.25-1.00). Five questions (7%) had kappa values below 0.40, 11 questions (15%) between 0.40 and 0.60, and 58 questions (78%) above 0.61. Three questions with a kappa value below 0.40 had an overall agreement of 0.75 or more. Significant logical inconsistencies were found in five questions, where the operation method was expected to be known. The qualitative validation resulted in a total of 80 comments. The number of comments for any given subject ranged from 0 to 12. The comments could be grouped and processed into four categories. CONCLUSIONS: The agreement was high. Inconsistencies regarding questions on the operation methods were found. Potential problems were identified in five questions (7%). The validation studies resulted in some changes to the questionnaire and we became aware of areas in which caution should be taken in the interpretation of the results of the randomized trial. 
Dietary tocopherols and carotenoids may play a role in preventing cancer and cardiovascular diseases. Because these may begin to develop during adolescence, dietary patterns during this period could influence long-term risk. The objective of this study was to examine the intake and plasma concentrations of the major carotenoids and tocopherols in 159 adolescents (mean +/- SD, 15.5 +/- 2.5 y old) living in Costa Rica. All participants completed a 135-item food-frequency questionnaire and provided a fasting blood sample. Carotenoid and tocopherol intakes were adjusted for total energy and plasma concentrations for total cholesterol. The relative abundance of carotenoids in the diet was similar to their distribution in plasma; lycopene was the most abundant, followed by beta-carotene and lutein + zeaxanthin. gamma-Tocopherol was more abundant than alpha-tocopherol in the diet, but alpha-tocopherol was approximately sevenfold higher in plasma. The highest diet-plasma correlations (adjusted for age, sex and body mass index) were 0.38 for beta-cryptoxanthin, 0.33 for gamma-tocopherol and 0.17 for lutein + zeaxanthin (all P < 0.05). All other correlations were r < 0.15. Papaya intake was the best food predictor of plasma beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations (r = 0.41). Subjects that frequently (> or =3/d) consumed tropical fruits with at least 50 micro g/100 g beta-cryptoxanthin (papaya, tangerine, orange and watermelon) had twofold the plasma beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations of those with intakes of <4/wk (P for trend = 0.0009). In sum, the diet-plasma carotenoid and tocopherol correlations were generally low in Costa Rican adolescents. Intakes of beta-cryptoxanthin and papaya, a tropical fruit frequently consumed in Latin America, were the best predictors of beta-cryptoxanthin concentrations in plasma.
Reproductive characteristics, alcohol intake and polymorphisms in genes encoding sex-steroid metabolizing enzymes might influence the risk of hormone-related cancers by changing circulating concentrations of sex hormones. The relationship between these factors and serum concentrations of estradiol, progesterone, androstenedione, testosterone and DHEA was evaluated in a cross-sectional study of 218 pre-menopausal women from Kaiser Permanente Health Plan in Portland, Oregon. Risk factor information was obtained from questionnaires and hormone serum concentrations were determined by radioimmunoassays. Genotypes for CYP11A 5'UTR(tttta)n, CYP17 5'-UTR -34 T>C, CYP19 IVS4(ttta)n, CYP1B1 (L432V and S453N) and COMT (V158M) were determined from genomic DNA samples. Increasing number of full-term pregnancies was associated with a significant decrease in late-follicular progesterone levels (p-trend = 0.03). Increasing alcohol consumption was associated with higher estradiol levels averaged through the menstrual cycle (p-trend = 0.009) and higher progesterone levels during luteal phase (p-trend = 0.04). Androstenedione and testosterone levels were higher among light to moderate drinkers compared to non-drinkers, although we only observe a significant trend with increasing levels of alcohol consumption for androstenedione. Women heterozygous or homozygous for the CYP1B1 L432V or the S453N polymorphisms had increased luteal estradiol levels (p-value = 0.04 for L432V and 0.04 for S453N). None of the other factors evaluated was significantly associated with serum concentration of hormones. In conclusion, results from this cross-sectional study of pre-menopausal women provide support for an association between light to moderate alcohol intake and elevated levels of estrogen and androgen levels. Our data suggest that circulating levels of progesterone might be related to parity and alcohol consumption, however the biological plausibility of the observed associations is unclear. We found little support for an influence of the evaluated genetic polymorphisms in the steroid synthesis and metabolism pathway on serum hormone levels, except for a possible effect of the CYP1B1 L432V and S453N polymorphisms on serum estradiol levels.
OBJECTIVE: To validate assessment of soy intake using food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) compared with plasma isoflavone (genistein and daidzein) concentrations. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis of soy isoflavone intake and plasma analysis of isoflavones. SUBJECTS: 77 men and women, age range 20 to 40 years, recruited from the Seattle metropolitan area. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Isoflavone intake was determined from responses to a 40-item soy FFQ and from tofu and soymilk intake assessed as part of a comprehensive FFQ used for the Women's Health Initiative (WHI FFQ). Isoflavone concentrations in fasting blood samples were determined by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Correlation coefficients were calculated for: a) isoflavone intake assessed by the soy FFQ and the WHI FFQ, b) intake assessed by the soy FFQ and plasma isoflavone concentrations, and c) intake assessed by the WHI FFQ and plasma isoflavone concentrations. RESULTS: Isoflavone intake was highly correlated between the soy FFQ and the WHI FFQ (r = 0.84). Genistein and daidzein intakes determined by the soy FFQ were significantly correlated with plasma concentrations (r = 0.53 and 0.45, respectively). Isoflavone intake assessed from the WHI FFQ was also correlated with plasma concentration (r = 0.46 and 0.45). Soymilk and tofu were the two major contributors to isoflavone intake (38.6%). CONCLUSIONS: A soy-specific, 40-item FFQ assessed isoflavone intake with good validity. Isoflavone intake assessed by the WHI FFQ (tofu and soymilk) had lower correlations with plasma concentrations compared with the soy FFQ. Nonetheless, assessment of the two foods is a reasonably good marker for soy food consumption in this sample. 
BACKGROUND: A high consumption of vegetables and fruit is associated with decreased risk of ischemic heart disease and several cancers. The pathophysiology of these diseases involves free radical mechanisms. Diet may either enhance or diminish oxidative stress in the body. OBJECTIVE: We studied the effects of high and low intakes of vegetables, berries, and apples on markers of lipid peroxidation and lipoprotein metabolism in subjects consuming diets high in linoleic or oleic acid. DESIGN: For 6 wk, healthy men and women (n = 77; aged 19-52 y) consumed 1 of 4 controlled isoenergetic diets rich in either linoleic acid (11% of energy) or oleic acid (12% of energy) and containing either 815 or 170 g vegetables, berries, and apples/10 MJ. Nineteen healthy volunteers served as control subjects. Several markers of dietary compliance (plasma fatty acids, vitamin C, carotenoids, and quercetin), lipid peroxidation [ex vivo LDL oxidation, plasma and LDL thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances, paraoxonase (EC 3.1.8.1), and urinary 8-iso-prostaglandin F(2)(alpha)], and lipoprotein metabolism (plasma lipids, apolipoproteins, and lipid transfer protein activities) were measured from samples collected before and at the end of the experimental period. RESULTS: Plasma fatty acid composition and antioxidant concentrations showed that compliance with the diets was good. However, there were no significant differences between the diets in the markers of lipid peroxidation and lipoprotein metabolism. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy volunteers with adequate vitamin intakes, 6-wk diets differing markedly in the amounts of linoleic and oleic acid and vegetables, berries, and apples did not differ in their effects on lipid peroxidation or lipoprotein metabolism. 
BACKGROUND: A primary mechanism by which carbohydrates are thought to regulate satiety and food intake is through their effect on blood glucose. OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to describe the effect of defined carbohydrate preloads on food intake and blood glucose and to determine the association between food intake and blood glucose. DESIGN: Three experiments were conducted in which selected carbohydrates as 1255-kJ isovolumetric beverages were administered to young men after an overnight fast. Measurements of blood glucose and appetite were made at specified times during the next 60 min. Food intake was measured at 60 min. RESULTS: Glucose resulted in the highest glycemic response, which was followed, in order, by the responses to polycose, sucrose, amylopectin, a fructose-glucose mixture, and amylose. The high-glycemic-index preloads (glucose, polycose, and sucrose) resulted in lower mealtime energy intake during a test meal at 1 h, but the low-glycemic-index preloads (amylose, amylopectin, and a fructose-glucose mixture) did not. An inverse relation was observed between the blood glucose concentrations in the area under the curve and the subjective appetite (r = -0.23, P < 0.05) and food intake at 60 min (r = -0.24, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Food intake and subjective appetite are inversely associated with blood glucose response in the 60 min after consumption of carbohydrates. Carbohydrates with a high glycemic index (glucose, polycose, and sucrose) suppress subjective appetite and food intake in the short term, but those with a low glycemic index (amylose and amylopectin) do not. 
BACKGROUND: Iodine intake can be measured in various ways, and each method may have advantages and disadvantages. OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate the potential associations of various measures of iodine intake with thyroid volume, prevalence of thyroid nodules, and serum thyroglobulin. We also sought to identify, if possible, groups at risk of thyroid disease because of their food choices. DESIGN: This cohort study included 4649 randomly selected subjects with mild-to-moderate iodine deficiency; the subjects lived in 2 cities in Denmark. Iodine intake was estimated by using a food-frequency questionnaire and by measuring iodine excretion in spot urine samples. Thyroid volume and nodularity were measured with ultrasonography. RESULTS: In multiple linear regression models, significant inverse relations were found between thyroid volume and estimated 24-h iodine excretion, iodine intake from diet plus supplements, iodine intake from diet/kg body wt, and milk intake (P = 0.001 for all), but not urinary iodine excretion measured as a concentration (P = 0.40). All measures of iodine intake were significantly related to serum thyroglobulin concentration (P <or= 0.002), but only some measures of iodine intake were significantly related to the prevalence of thyroid nodules. CONCLUSIONS: Even in a geographic area where mild iodine deficiency is common, a significant relation between iodine intake and thyroid volume was found. All measures of iodine intake, except iodine excretion measured as a urinary concentration, predicted thyroid volume. Serum thyroglobulin concentration appears to be a good marker of iodine status. Subgroups with low intakes of milk and milk products had an increased risk of thyroid disease. 
The target of our study was the determination of urinary t,t muconic acid concentration, as a biomarker of benzene intake in a population. Urinary samples of 101 subjects, males and females were obtained to whom. Information regarding modification and confounding factors were recorded by questionnaire. The samples were analysed by HPLC, after extraction of trans,trans muconic acid on strong anionic exchange cartridges. In these analytical conditions the detection limit with good care is 10 micrograms/l. A concentration range from 10 to 1300 micrograms/l was found. High levels found in the population could explained by confounding factors present. The obtained results were correlated with sex, age and smoking or non smoking. There was a significant difference in mean concentrations between heavy smokers (160 micrograms/l) and non smokers (110 micrograms/l), that showed tobacco as an interference factor. The study showed that it is strictly necessary carry out a thorough anamnesis before sampling with the objective of finding eventual interference factors such as smoking, diet and drugs taken.
Concerns about pesticide exposure through food consumption have increased during the past several years. The main objective of our study was to determine whether we could use data from the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III) to detect a relation between self-reported food consumption--particularly consumption of fruits, vegetables, and bread products--and urinary levels of pesticides or their metabolites in a population of 978 adults living in the US. A secondary objective was to investigate whether these urine levels differed for people who reported exposure to selected common household chemicals including bug or insect spray, weed killer, and mothballs or crystals. We used monthly food frequency data from the NHANES III, 1988-1994. Urinary pesticide/metabolite levels and information about chemical exposures were taken from the Priority Toxicant Reference Range Study (a component of the NHANES III). Six pesticides or their metabolites were detected in at least 50% of the sample, three of which--1-naphthol (86.4%), pentachlorophenol (62.5%), and 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (82.0%)--were possibly related to food consumption. We were unable to detect a relation between self-reported food consumption and their urinary levels. This may be due more to the limitations of the datasets than to a lack of a relation between food consumption and urine pesticide/metabolite levels. We did find that people who reported recently using selected common chemicals had higher geometric mean urine pesticide/metabolite levels than did people who reported not recently using these chemicals.
The objective of this study was to investigate if maternal dietary 20:4n-6 arachidonic acid (AA) and 22:6n-3 compared with adequate or low levels of 18:3n-3 linolenic acid (LNA) increases synaptic plasma membrane (SPM) cholesterol and phospholipid content, phospholipid 20:4n-6 and 22:6n-3 content, and Na,K-ATPase kinetics in rat pups at two and five weeks of age. At parturition, Sprague-Dawley rats were fed semi-purified diets containing either AA + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), adequate LNA (control; 18:2n-6 : 18:3n-3 ratio of 7.1 : 1) or low LNA (18:2n-6 : 18:3n-39 ratio of 835 : 1). During the first two weeks of life, the rat pups received only their dams' milk. After weaning, pups received the same diet as their respective dams to five weeks of age. No significant difference was observed among rat pups fed the diet treatments for SPM cholesterol or total and individual phospholipid content at two and five weeks of age. Fatty acid analysis revealed that maternal dietary AA + DHA, compared with feeding the dams the control diet or the low LNA diet, increased 20:4n-6 in phosphatidylserine and 22:6n-3 content of SPM phospholipids. Rats fed dietary AA + DHA or the control diet exhibited a significantly increased Vmax for SPM Na,K-ATPase. Diet treatment did not alter the Km (affinity) of SPM Na,K-ATPase in rat pups at two and five weeks of age. It is concluded that dietary AA + DHA does not alter SPM cholesterol and phospholipid content but increases the 22:6n-3 content of SPM phospholipids modulating activity of Na,K-ATPase.
The association between total cadmium (Cd) intake and abnormal urinary findings was investigated in the Cd-polluted Jinzu River basin. In 1967 and 1968 the most systematic and large-scale health examinations were conducted among the entire population aged over 30 years of this region. We performed this study by targeting the subjects participating in the 1967 health survey conducted mainly in the heavily polluted area. From subjects who had eaten household rice of known Cd concentration, 1,075 inhabitants who had either resided in their current household since birth or who had moved there from a non-polluted area (group A), and 780 inhabitants who had resided in the current household since birth (group B), were selected as the target population. The total Cd intake for each person was calculated from the Cd dose ingested from rice and other foods. Logistic regression analysis was performed using the prevalence of abnormal urinary findings (proteinuria, glucosuria and proteinuria with glucosuria) as the criterion variable and the total Cd intake and age as explanatory variables. In subjects of groups A and B the odds ratios became higher as the dose of total Cd intake increased. Odds ratios in subjects of group A were statistically significant except for glucosuria of men and proteinuria of women. In subjects of group B the odds ratios were also significant for proteinuria + glucosuria of men and glucosuria of women. It was demonstrated that the greater the increase in total Cd intake, the greater the increase in abnormal urinary findings in the Jinzu River basin, and the association of the two factors was very close.
The lower rates of some cancers in Asian countries than in Western countries may be partly because of diet, although the mechanisms are unknown. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to determine whether a plant-based (vegan) diet is associated with a lower circulating level of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) compared with a meat-eating or lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet among 292 British women, ages 20-70 years. The mean serum IGF-I concentration was 13% lower in 92 vegan women compared with 99 meat-eaters and 101 vegetarians (P = 0.0006). The mean concentrations of both serum IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-1 and IGFBP-2 were 20-40% higher in vegan women compared with meat-eaters and vegetarians (P = 0.005 and P = 0.0008 for IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2, respectively). There were no significant differences in IGFBP-3, C-peptide, or sex hormone-binding globulin concentrations between the diet groups. Intake of protein rich in essential amino acids was positively associated with serum IGF-I (Pearson partial correlation coefficient; r = 0.27; P < 0.0001) and explained most of the differences in IGF-I concentration between the diet groups. These data suggest that a plant-based diet is associated with lower circulating levels of total IGF-I and higher levels of IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2.
Job design risk factors for hypertension and heart disease have often been assessed by the Job Content Questionnaire (JCQ). Job characteristics are typically assessed only once, however, which can result in misclassification and bias results toward the null. Newer approaches, which assess job characteristics over a working life, are hampered by the need to ask numerous questions about each job, increasing survey length and potentially reducing response rates. Participants in the Work Site Blood Pressure Study, a prospective study of psychosocial factors and ambulatory blood pressure, completed the JCQ about their current jobs. At later dates, 213 employed men, a subset of the original cohort, retrospectively completed the Work History Questionnaire (WHQ), a short version of the JCQ, for each past job. The WHQ exhibited moderate validity for assessing past job characteristics, a weak association with systolic blood pressure, and expected patterns of change over time. Thus, it may be a valuable tool for measuring the health effects of historical job characteristics, which often change over time.
BACKGROUND: There are limited data about dietary intakes and plasma lipids of elderly US Hispanics. OBJECTIVE: The disparity in prevalence of type 2 diabetes among population groups underscored our need to assess dietary and plasma risk factors for cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: Plasma lipids and apolipoproteins and dietary intakes of macronutrients were measured in elderly subjects (60-98 y): 490 Hispanics of Caribbean origin (Puerto Ricans and Dominicans) and 163 non-Hispanic whites. Plasma values were related to ethnicity and to macronutrient intake. Differences in plasma lipids due to diabetes were assessed among the Hispanics. RESULTS: Intakes of carbohydrate and polyunsaturated fatty acids were higher and intakes of cholesterol and saturated and monounsaturated fatty acids were lower in Hispanics than in non-Hispanic whites. Concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A-I were significantly lower among Hispanic women than among non-Hispanic white women; a similar trend was seen in men. Dyslipidemia (high triacylglycerols and low HDL cholesterol) was more prevalent among Hispanics with than without diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Ethnic differences in serum lipids exist and appear to be associated with differences in dietary intakes. However, both Hispanics and non-Hispanic whites had lipid profiles indicating a high risk of cardiovascular disease. Hispanics with diabetes were at higher risk of dyslipidemia than were those without diabetes. Our data suggest that lifestyle changes, including diet modification and exercise, could be of significant benefit to both ethnic groups. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of vitamin E with incidence of type 2 diabetes and to do so separately among individuals who did and those who did not report regular use of vitamin supplementation. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS) included 895 nondiabetic adults at baseline (including 303 with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]), 148 of whom developed type 2 diabetes according to World Health Organization (WHO) criteria during the 5-year follow-up. At baseline, dietary vitamin E was estimated by a validated food frequency interview, usual supplement use was confirmed by supplement label, and plasma alpha-tocopherol was measured. Analyses were conducted separately for individuals who did (n = 318) and did not (n = 577) use vitamin E supplements. RESULTS: Among supplement nonusers, reported mean intake of vitamin E (mg alpha-tocopherol equivalents [alpha-TE]) did not differ between those who remained nondiabetic (n = 490) and those who developed diabetes (n = 87) (10.5 +/- 5.5 vs. 9.5 +/- 4.8 [means +/- SD], respectively, NS). After adjustment for demographic variables, obesity, physical activity, and other nutrients, the association remained nonsignificant (odds ratio [OR] 0.80, 95% CI 0.13-5.06) for the highest level of intake (> or =20 mg alpha-TE) compared with the lowest level (1-4 alpha-TE). However, results for plasma concentration of alpha-tocopherol showed a significant protective effect both before and after adjustment for potential confounders (adjusted OR 0.12, 95% CI 0.02-0.68, for the highest quintile vs. the lowest quintile; overall test for trend, P < 0.01). Among individuals who reported habitual use of vitamin E supplements (at least once per month in the year before baseline; 259 remained nondiabetic and 59 developed diabetes), no protective effect was observed for either reported intake of vitamin E or plasma concentration of alpha-tocopherol CONCLUSIONS: A protective effect of vitamin E may exist within the range of intake available from food. This effect may go undetected within studies of high-dose supplement use, which appears to hold no additional protective benefit. 
We studied determinants of cadmium status and kidney function in nonsmoking men and women living on farms in southern Sweden. Median blood Cd (BCd) was 1.8 nmol/L (range, 0.38-18) and median urinary Cd (UCd) was 0.23 nmol/mmol creatinine (range, 0.065-0.99). The intake of Cd per kilogram body weight did not significantly differ between sexes and did not correlate with BCd or UCd, which may be explained by a low and varying bioavailibility of Cd from food items. However, when a subgroup of the study population, couples of never-smoking men and women, were compared, a lower intake per kilogram body weight was found in the women, but the women had a 1.8 times higher BCd and a 1.4 times higher UCd. The higher female BCd and UCd may be explained by higher absorption due to low iron status. BCd and UCd both increased with age and were higher in the ex-smokers, who had stopped smoking more than 5 years before the study, compared to never-smokers. The contribution of locally produced food to the total Cd intake was relatively low and varied. Males living in areas with low soil Cd had lower UCd than the others. However, Cd levels in kidneys from pigs, fed locally produced cereals, did not predict BCd or UCd in humans at the same farms. The kidney function parameter ss2-microglobulin-creatinine clearance was related to UCd, whereas urinary protein-HC, N-acetyl-ss-glucoseaminidase or albumin-creatinine clearance was not when age was accounted for. Hence, even at the low exposure levels in this study population, there was an indication of effect on biochemical markers of renal function.
BACKGROUND: There have been no reports that low serum cholesterol levels increase the risk of colorectal adenoma, although many studies have shown that they do increase the risk of colorectal cancer. Alcohol intake, which is associated with a risk of colorectal adenomas, and serum cholesterol levels are closely related. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the influence of alcohol consumption on the association between serum cholesterol levels and colorectal adenoma. METHODS: The subjects were 1,349 male patients who underwent both barium enema examination and total colonoscopy. They answered a questionnaire regarding their alcohol consumption history, and their blood samples were analysed. The subjects were divided into three groups: those with no tumour (with neither adenoma nor adenocarcinoma), those with adenoma and those with adenocarcinoma. Among the groups, the serum total cholesterol and triglyceride levels were compared in all the patients, in the patients who did not drink daily and in the patients who did. RESULTS: In all the patients, the serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels did not differ between the patients with and those without adenoma. In the daily drinkers, the serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels were significantly lower in patients with adenoma than in those without. CONCLUSIONS: Significantly lower levels of serum cholesterol and triglycerides were found in daily drinkers with adenoma than in those without. 
BACKGROUND: Greenlanders have a lower rate of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity than Danes, possibly due to lower blood pressure. However, 24-h blood pressure has never been measured in Greenlanders. The aim of this study was to compare the 24-h blood pressure of Greenlanders and Danes, and to analyse the influence of Arctic food and lifestyle on blood pressure. METHODS: Four groups of healthy subjects were recruited for the study. Group I: Danes in Denmark consuming European food; group II: Greenlanders in Denmark consuming European food; group III: Greenlanders in Greenland consuming mainly European food; and group IV: Greenlanders in Greenland consuming mainly traditional Greenlandic food. All subjects underwent a physical examination, laboratory screening of blood and urine samples, and completed a questionnaire on diet, physical activity, smoking status, intake of alcohol, liquorices, vitamins and minerals. Twenty-four-hour blood pressure was measured. RESULTS: It was found that 24-h diastolic blood pressure was lower in Greenlanders than in Danes for the whole 24-h period and during both day and night-time, whereas systolic blood pressure was the same (mean 24-h blood pressure with 95% CI: Danes 123/75 mmHg (120/73-127/77), Greenlanders 122/ 69 (119/68-124/70)). Among Greenlanders, blood pressure increased with age and male gender, and systolic blood pressure increased with body mass index (BMI). No association with diet was found. The difference between the two populations persisted after controlling for age, gender, BMI, outdoor temperature, and lifestyle factors. CONCLUSION: Greenlanders have a lower 24-h diastolic blood pressure than Danes, and it is suggested that genetic factors are mainly responsible for the lower blood pressure level among Greenlanders. 
BACKGROUND: Folic acid intake is the most important predictor of blood folate concentrations among nonpregnant women, but the reporting of folic acid-containing supplement use is subject to error. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effect of reporting error of supplement use on blood folate concentrations. DESIGN: Data from the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were analyzed. Respondents to that survey were asked twice about supplement use: ie, during the household interview, to recall use in the previous month, and during the physical examination, to recall use in the previous 24 h. To examine the effect of error reporting, we classified women (aged 15-44 y) into 5 groups according to supplement use in the previous month (nonusers, those ingesting < 400 micro g/d, and those ingesting >or= 400 micro g/d) and in the 24 h before the physical examination (yes or no). We expected nonappreciable differences in red blood cell (RBC) folate concentration by status of 24-h recall within the same category of previous-month use because RBC folate reflects long-term average consumption. We calculated covariate-adjusted means of serum and RBC folate concentrations. RESULTS: Among women who reported average daily use of >or= 400 micro g folic acid in the previous month, the adjusted mean RBC folate was 436.5 nmol/L (95% CI: 406.7, 466.3 nmol/L) in those who did not take the supplement in the previous 24 h and 519.7 nmol/L (95% CI: 496.2, 543.2 nmol/L) in those who did do so (P < 0.01). This significant difference indicates apparently erroneous reporting of supplement use in the previous month by some participants. CONCLUSION: The effect of reporting error on blood folate concentrations is important in interpreting survey results, evaluating health education campaigns, and identifying populations needing special education programs. 
Rainbow trout were fed for 10 weeks with either a carbohydrate-free diet (C-free) or with four experimental diets containing various levels (20 or 40%) and sources of starch (extruded wheat or peas) in order to examine metabolic utilisation of dietary vegetable carbohydrates and its endocrine control. The study was focused on the parameters described as limiting in glucose metabolism in fish. Feeding trials were conducted at 8 and 18 degrees C to establish whether carbohydrate-rich diets can be used in trout farming irrespective of water temperature. At both temperatures, pea diets (especially the highest level) resulted in a feed efficiency as high as the C-free diet. Fish had similar growth rates except when fed the low wheat content diet. Glycaemia values 6 h after feeding were significantly higher in trout fed carbohydrate diets than those given the C-free diet, whereas plasma insulin levels were similar independently of the levels of dietary starch. This study provides the first evidence that glucokinase (GK) activity and mRNA level in trout liver increase in proportion to the content of dietary starch. Nevertheless, these changes were not correlated with plasma insulin levels. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) binding and number of receptors in skeletal muscle were consistently higher than those for insulin but no diet-induced differences were found for any of these parameters. Temperature clearly affected the postprandial profile of glucose and insulin, which both showed lower levels 6 h after feeding at 8 degrees C than at 18 degrees C, which was consistent with a lower feed intake. Glucose and insulin levels decreased markedly 24 h after feeding at 18 degrees C, while they were still high at 8 degrees C, an observation concordant with delayed transit rate. These findings indicate satisfactory adaptation of rainbow trout to diets with a relatively high vegetable starch content, especially when provided as extruded peas, and indicate that diets with increased levels of carbohydrates can be used in this species even when it is reared at low temperature.
PUFA of the n-6 and n-3 series have beneficial effects on key risk factors of coronary heart disease (CHD). Our earlier studies on the intake of FA and on the FA composition of plasma and platelet phospholipids suggested the need to improve the n-3 PUFA nutritional status in the Indian population. The present long-term study was conducted on 80 middle-aged Indian subjects (40 men and 40 women) using the subjects' own home-prepared diets to evaluate the effects of dietary n-3 PUFA on biochemical indices of CHD risk. Substitution of Blend G (equal proportions of groundnut and canola oils) for groundnut oil or substitution of Blend S (equal proportions of sunflower and canola oils) for sunflower oil increased alpha-linolenic acid (ALNA) fourfold and decreased the linoleic acid (LA)/ALNA ratio from 35 to 6 and 65 to 9, respectively. Twelve subjects (six men and six women) who received Blend G were switched back to groundnut oil and were administered 0.3 g daily of long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA from fish oil. At the end of the trial period for both blends in both sexes, plasma lipid and apolipoprotein levels had not changed, and ADP-induced aggregation had decreased. In plasma and platelet phospholipids, LA as well as LCn-3 PUFA had increased, suggesting competition between LA and ALNA for metabolism into the respective LC-PUFA. Fish oil supplementation increased LCn-3 PUFA in plasma and platelet phospholipids, decreased ADP-induced platelet aggregation, and increased plasma cholesterol. On the basis of the increased LCn-3 PUFA in plasma phospholipids, it was calculated that 0.75% energy (en%) (2.2 g) ALNA (from vegetable oils) may be required to increase LCn-3 PUFA to about the same extent as 0.1 en% (0.3 g) LCn-3 PUFA (from fish oils). Since both n-6 and n-3 PUFA play a critical role in fetal growth and development and in the programming of diet-related chronic diseases in adults, an improvement in the n-3 PUFA nutritional status in cereal-based diets through long-term use of cooking oils containing 25-40% LA and 4% ALNA may contribute to the prevention of CHD in Indians.
PURPOSE: To calibrate and compare intake of different fats and individual fatty acids as assessed with a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) against that estimated with (i) a series of dietary recalls and; (ii) the relative fat concentration in an adipose tissue biopsy. The FFQ was specially designed for use in a cohort of Seventh-day Adventists. In preparation for a large cohort study investigating the effect of diet on risk of colon, prostate and breast cancer. METHODS: The association of adipose tissue fatty acids and dietary fat intake was assessed in 49 black and 72 white Seventh-day Adventists subjects using 8 different 24-hour recalls, a 200-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and adipose tissue biopsies from each subject. RESULTS: Pearson correlation between fatty acids in adipose tissue and dietary intake as assessed by multiple 24-hour recalls were as follows: Linoleic acid: 0.77 in black and 0.71 in white subjects, respectively; Linolenic acid: 0.68 (blacks) and 0.62 (whites); Total Polyunsaturated fat (PUFA): 0.78 (blacks) and 0.70 (whites); Total Monounsaturated fat (MUFA): 0.35 (blacks) and 0.03 (whites); Total Saturated fat (SFA): 0.46 (blacks) and 0.56 (whites). Correlations between fatty acids in adipose tissue and dietary intake as assessed by FFQ were: Linoleic acid: 0.61 (blacks) and 0.52 (whites), respectively; Linolenic acid: 0.29 (blacks) and 0.49 (whites); PUFA: 0.62 (blacks) and 0.53 (whites); MUFA: 0.07 (blacks) and 0.31 (whites), SFA: 0.21 (blacks) and 0.31 (whites). CONCLUSIONS: Our study confirms findings of others that 24-hour recalls are valid for assessing dietary intake of different types of fat. The FFQ we developed and used in this study gave reasonably valid measures of fatty acid intake in our population and is thus suitable for use in large cohort studies. It had validity comparable to that observed for other FFQs. 
OBJECTIVE: Greater intake of Cruciferous vegetables (e.g. broccoli) may prevent cancer at several sites. Urinary excretion of isothiocyanate conjugates (dithiocarbamates, DTC) provides a specific biomarker of Cruciferous vegetable consumption suitable for epidemiological investigations. However, no gold-standard referent is available for evaluating urinary DTC levels as an estimator of Cruciferous vegetable consumption. We compared urinary DTC levels to intake as measured by two self-reported dietary assessment techniques. DESIGN: Cruciferous vegetable consumption was measured before and after a behavioural dietary intervention using multiple 24-hour recalls (24HR), a food-counting questionnaire (VFQ) and urinary DTC excretion levels. Analysis included a structural equation approach (Method of Triads) combining these three assessment techniques to estimate the relationship between DTC level and the study population's 'true' Cruciferous vegetable intake. SETTING: The intervention curriculum assisted participants in consuming about 2 servings per day for a 6-week period. Participants attended four classes emphasising problem-solving skills, dietary counselling and vegetable preparation skills. There were no dietary restrictions. SUBJECTS: Thirty-three healthy, free-living, post-menopausal women. RESULTS: Although few participants reported Cruciferae consumption prior to the intervention, 30 participants reported Cruciferae consumption after the intervention (Post-intervention). Urinary DTC levels were correlated with estimated intake derived from either the 24HR (r = 0.57; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.28, 0.76) or VFQ (r =0.49; 95% CI 0.17, 0.71). The validity coefficient (Method of Triads) between urinary DTC excretion and an index of true Cruciferous intake was stronger than the Pearson correlation (r(v) = 0.65; 95% CI 0.35, 0.90), and comparable to estimates derived from the 24HR (r(v) = 0.82; 95% CI 0.65, 1.00) or VFQ (r(v) = 0.76; 95% CI 0.47, 0.92) method. These associations were not affected by adjustment for body mass index, energy intake, or social approval or desirability response sets. CONCLUSIONS: Food-frequency questionnaires (FFQ) suitable for large epidemiological studies may not be designed to measure all Cruciferae, and cannot capture exposure to phytochemicals derived from those vegetables. Urinary DTC measurement was significantly correlated with Cruciferae intake derived from two dietary assessment approaches, and urinary DTC levels could supplement traditional FFQ data by providing an index of recent Cruciferous vegetable intake not susceptible to reporting biases. 
Although clinical hypertension occurs less frequently in children than in adults, ample evidence supports the concept that the roots of essential hypertension extend back to childhood. Since little is available in the literature on causal dietary factors of hypertension in children, this study hypothesised that certain dietary factors can be identified as risk markers that might contribute to the aetiology of hypertension in black children. Children aged 10-15 years were randomly selected from 30 schools in the North West Province from 2000 to 2001. These children comprised 321 black males and 373 females from rural to urbanised communities, of which 40 male and 79 female subjects were identified with high-normal to hypertensive blood pressure. Blood pressure was measured with a Finapres apparatus and data were analysed with the Fast Modelflo software program to provide systolic, diastolic and mean blood pressure. A 24-h dietary recall questionnaire and weight and height measurements were taken. In a stepwise regression analysis, the following variables were significantly associated (P < or = 0.05) with blood pressure parameters of hypertensive males: biotin, folic acid, pantothenic acid, zinc and magnesium. Energy, biotin and vitamin A intakes were significantly associated with blood pressure parameters of hypertensive females. No significant dietary markers were indicated for any of the normotensive groups. Dietary intakes of all of these nutrients were well below the dietary reference intakes. In conclusion, the dietary results coupled with the cardiovascular parameters of this study identified folic acid and biotin as risk markers that could contribute to the aetiology of hypertension in black persons. The low intakes of these nutrients, among others, is a matter of serious concern, as is the increasing tendency towards urbanisation.
OBJECTIVE: This study examined the interaction between body mass index (BMI) and attempting to lose weight for reporting of: (1) macro- and micronutrient intake; (2) intake of low-nutrient-density foods; and (3) serum biomarkers of dietary exposure and cardiovascular disease risk. METHODS: Dietary, anthropometric and biochemical data were from the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988-1994), n=13 095. Multiple regression methods were used to examine the independent associations of BMI, trying to lose weight, or the interaction of BMI-trying to lose weight with reported intakes of energy, nutrients, percentage energy from low-nutrient-density foods (sweeteners, baked and dairy desserts, visible fats and salty snacks), and serum concentrations of vitamins, carotenoids and lipids. RESULTS: BMI was an independent positive predictor (P<0.05) of percentage of energy from fat, saturated fat, but a negative predictor of the ratio of reported energy intake to estimated expenditure for basal needs (EI/BEE), percentage of energy from carbohydrate and alcohol (men only), and serum concentrations of folate, vitamin C, vitamin E and most carotenoids in both men and women. Trying to lose weight was a negative predictor (P<0.05) of EI/BEE, intake of energy, and energy density, but not micronutrient intake. Higher mean serum ascorbate, vitamin E, lutein/zeaxanthin, and other carotenoids (men only) concentrations were associated with trying to lose weight (P<0.05) in both men and women. Few adverse BMI-trying to lose weight interaction effects were noted. CONCLUSIONS: There was little evidence of increased nutritional risk in those reportedly trying to lose weight irrespective of weight status. 
OBJECTIVE: The validation of dietary assessment methods is critical in the evaluation of the relation between dietary intake and health. The aim of this study was to assess the validity of a food frequency questionnaire by comparing energy intake with energy expenditure measured with the doubly labelled water method. DESIGN: Total energy expenditure was measured with the doubly labelled water (DLW) method during a 10 day period. Furthermore, the subjects filled in the food frequency questionnaire about 18-35 days after the DLW phase of the study was completed. SUBJECTS: Twenty-one healthy, non-pregnant females volunteered to participate in the study; only 17 subjects completed the study. RESULTS: The group energy intake was on average 10% lower than the energy expenditure, but the difference was not statistically significant. However, there was a wide range in reporting accuracy: seven subjects were identified as acceptable reporters, eight as under-reporters and two were identified as over-reporters. The width of the 95% confidence limits of agreement in a Bland and Altman plot for energy intake and energy expenditure varied from -5 to 3 MJ. CONCLUSION: The data showed that there was substantial variability in the accuracy of the food frequency questionnaire at the individual level. Furthermore, the results showed that the questionnaire was more accurate for groups than individuals. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of dietary sodium and potassium, as reflected by the urinary sodium/potassium excretion, and calcium intake with blood pressure and the prevalence of hypertension among older Chinese vegetarians in Hong Kong. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Research clinic in a teaching hospital in Hong Kong. SUBJECTS: A total of 111 ambulatory vegetarians over the age of 55 were recruited from members of religious organizations or old age hostels. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Hypertension was defined as supine blood pressure >140/90 mmHg or a history of hypertension. Dietary sodium, potassium and calcium intakes were assessed by 24 h recall method or fasting urinary sodium or potassium/creatinine ratios. RESULTS: Seventy-one subjects (64%) were found to have hypertension. Compared with normotensive subjects, hypertensive subjects had lower calcium intake (411+/-s.d. 324 vs 589+/-428 mg, P=0.04), but higher urinary sodium/creatinine ratio (32.6+/-19.3 vs 21.0+/-12.4, P=0.00) and sodium/potassium ratio (4.7+/-2.8 vs 3.4+/-2.3, P=0.02). Among 88 subjects not taking diuretics or antihypertensive drugs, systolic blood pressure was related to calcium intake (r=-0.40), urinary sodium/creatinine ratio (r=0.39), urinary sodium/potassium ratio (r=0.30) and age (r=0.23). Diastolic blood pressure was related to urinary sodium/creatinine (r=0.29). Twenty-three subjects with high urinary sodium/potassium and low calcium intake and 16 subjects with low urinary sodium/potassium ratio and high calcium intake differed markedly with respect to systolic blood pressure (159+/-26 vs 130+/-15 mmHg) and prevalence of hypertension (78% vs 25%). CONCLUSIONS: Older Chinese vegetarians are predisposed to hypertension because of their sodium-rich but calcium-deficient diets. 
OBJECTIVE: Assessment of functional vitamin B(12) status in a subset of the respondents in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey of people aged 65 y and over. SETTING: National Diet and Nutrition Survey: a British nationwide cross-sectional sample of people aged 65 y and over, living either in the community or in institutions such as nursing homes, during one calendar year spanning 1994-1995. METHODS: Methylmalonic acid (MMA) concentrations were measured in plasma samples from 313 subjects (ca 14% of those originally enrolled in the survey). The results were compared with those for serum vitamin B(12), vitamin B(12) intakes and other status and intake estimates and with socio-demographic indices. RESULTS: Of the NDNS participants overall, 20% had serum vitamin B(12) concentrations<150 pmol/l. In the subset studied here, 24% of free-living and 46% of institution-living participants had MMA>0.5 micromol/l. Geometric mean MMA increased with age, from 0.25 micro mol/l in people aged 65-74 y to 0.38 micro mol/l in people aged 85+y. There was little evidence for any gender difference in MMA. It was inversely correlated with serum vitamin B(12) and with red blood cell folate; it was positively correlated directly with total homocysteine, but not significantly with serum folate or with vitamin B(12) intake. Among respondents with high MMA, a subgroup had normal serum vitamin B(12) but higher-than-average plasma urea and creatinine. Socio-demographic co-variates of MMA included receipt of State income benefits, social class of head of household, and educational attainment. These indices were not correlated with serum vitamin B(12). CONCLUSIONS: The progressive increase in MMA with age is metabolic evidence for increasing risk of functional vitamin B(12) deficiency with increasing age in older people. There is evidence that renal function is linked to high MMA in some older people. Age and renal function are thus both important when establishing upper reference limits for MMA. The socio-demographic observations suggest a link between poverty and poor functional vitamin B(12) status in older British people. 
PURPOSE: We developed the ureteral stent symptom questionnaire (USSQ), a psychometrically valid measure to evaluate symptoms and impact on quality of life of ureteral stents. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 309 patients were asked to participate during different phases of our study. In phase 1 a structured literature search, 9 patient interviews and studies of 90 patients using existing instruments formed the foundation for the initial draft of our new questionnaire. In phase 2 the USSQ was pilot tested, reviewed by experts and field tested in 40 patients to produce a final 38-item draft. In phase 3 formal validation studies were performed in 55 patients to assess validity, reliability and sensitivity to change. Discriminant validation was performed by administering the questionnaire to 3 groups of patients without stents. RESULTS: The final draft addressed various domains of health (6 sections and 38 items) affected by stents covering urinary symptoms, pain, general health, work performance, sexual matters and additional problems. The validation studies showed the questionnaire to be internally consistent (Cronbach's alpha > 0.7) with good test-retest reliability (Pearson's coefficient > 0.84). The questionnaire demonstrated good construct validity and sensitivity to change shown by significant changes in the score with and after removal of stents. The new USSQ discriminated patients with stents from healthy controls (p < 0.001) and patients with urinary calculi without stents and lower urinary tract symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: Indwelling ureteral stents have a significant impact on health related quality of life. The new USSQ is a valid and reliable instrument that is expected to become a standard outcome measure to evaluate the impact and compare different types of stents. 
Urinary 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) DNA adduct has been used as a biomarker in epidemiological studies. However, the determinants for urinary 8-OHdG have not been clearly identified. We tested urinary 8-OHdG levels in 205 male workers who had been exposed to vinyl chloride monomer (VCM). Epidemiological information was obtained by an interviewer-administered questionnaire. Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and anti-hepatitis C antibody (anti-HCV) were also determined by immunoassay. Plasma antioxidants including Vitamins A and E, alpha- and beta-carotenes were assayed by high performance liquid chromatography. Median of urinary 8-OHdG level was 9.8 ng/mg creatinine (range, 1.4-60.1). Multiple linear regression analysis showed that alcohol drinkers had higher urinary 8-OHdG than those who did not, but there was no dose-response between the amount of alcohol consumption and urinary 8-OHdG. Workers with positive HBsAg, anti-HCV and elevated plasma Vitamin A level were independently associated with higher levels of urinary 8-OHdG, whereas age, smoking, body mass index, plasma alpha- and beta-carotenes, Vitamin E levels, or VCM exposure did not show such an association. The results suggest that active inflammation of hepatitis B and C, alcohol consumption and higher Vitamin A level can induce oxidative stress. Thus, we conclude that potential determinants need to be considered in epidemiological studies when urinary 8-OHdG is used as a biomarker.
BACKGROUND: The finding that low health-related quality of life (HRQoL) can be a risk factor for future cardiovascular events in patients with hypertension emphasizes the need for disease-specific HRQoL assessment tools in this population. OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the feasibility and psychometric properties of the short form of the Spanish Hypertension Quality of Life Questionnaire (MINICHAL). METHODS: An observational, prospective, multicenter study was carried out among patients with hypertension, stratified by sex and disease stage. The feasibility and validity of the MINICHAL were evaluated at baseline. Two follow-up visits were conducted at 1 and 6 months after the initial visit, during which the test-retest reliability and responsiveness to change of the MINICHAL were assessed, respectively. RESULTS: A total of 736 consecutive patients with hypertension were included. Mean (SD) administration time for the MINICHAL was 7.2 (6.5) minutes. In the validation process, factor analysis showed 2 dimensions: "State of mind" (StM) and "Somatic manifestations" (SM). The response level was high, with 94.3% of patients answering all items. Patients with a higher disease stage (ie, stage II/III hypertension) had a worse HRQoL than those with a lower disease stage (P < 0.01). Internal consistency was 0.87 for StM and 0.75 for SM. Test-retest reliability was 0.82 and 0.75 for the StM and SM dimensions, respectively. Among patients who reported experiencing a positive change in their overall health status 6 months after treatment initiation or treatment change, responsiveness to change ranged from 0.52 (better) to 1.14 (much better). CONCLUSIONS: The MINICHAL questionnaire could be administered in a short time with a high response level and was found to have acceptable psychometric properties. The MINICHAL is a potentially useful tool for the evaluation of HRQoL among patients with hypertension in the routine clinical setting. 
The accuracy of a lead screening questionnaire in predicting elevated blood lead levels was examined in a pediatric practice in a rural part of New York state. A retrospective chart review was used to collect data on children ages 9 to 24 months who presented for well-child visits. Children with both questionnaire and lead level results available in the chart were included in the study (n = 171). The mean blood lead level among all children was 1.6 microg/dl (median = 2.0 microg/dl, range 0 to 24 microg/dl). Four children (2.3%) had elevated lead levels (greater than 10 microg/dl), with levels for two of these children being greater than 20 microg/dl. Although our lead screening questionnaire was expanded from the standard 1991 CDC questionnaire by the inclusion of six additional items, it was not especially useful in predicting elevated blood lead levels above 10 microg/dl. However, the questionnaire exhibited some utility in predicting marked elevations in blood lead levels (over 20 microg/dl). Although results in other geographic areas might differ, the lead questionnaire may have value by enhancing parents' awareness of potential lead hazards in their children's environment and may prove to be more useful in areas of high risk to lead exposure.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association of alcohol consumption with white blood cell (WBC) count. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: A work site in Japan. SUBJECTS: A total of 5218 Japanese male office workers aged 23-59 years who participated in annual health examinations. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Subjects were classified as nondrinkers, or current drinkers who averaged <12, 12-22, 23-34, 35-45, 46-68 or > or = 69 g day(-1) of ethanol. The association between alcohol consumption and WBC count was examined by smoking status. RESULTS: After controlling for age, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, and levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and fasting plasma glucose, WBC count showed a negative dose-response relation with alcohol consumption in each smoking status. The WBC count increment per category of alcohol intake (x10(9) cells L(-1)) was -0.07 [95% confidence interval (CI), -0.11 to -0.04] for never smokers, -0.11 (95% CI, -0.15 to -0.06) for ex-smokers, and -0.04 (-0.08 to -0.00) for current smokers. For current smokers, additional adjustment for cigarettes smoked per day heightened the magnitude of these associations [the respective WBC count increment (x10(9) cells L(-1)), -0.07 (95% CI, -0.11 to -0.03)]. The risk for high WBC count (fifth quintile) also showed a negative linear trend related to alcohol intake in each smoking status. CONCLUSIONS: The WBC count was inversely associated with alcohol consumption in both nonsmokers and smokers. In view of the firm association of WBC count with the increased risk of coronary heart disease, alcohol consumption seems to have a favourable impact on the link between WBC count and the risk of cardiovascular disease. 
Lycopene, the predominant carotenoid in tomatoes, is hypothesized to mediate the health benefits of tomato products. We designed a study to examine the change in plasma lycopene and resistance of lipoproteins to ex vivo oxidative stress. Healthy individuals (n = 60; age >40 y; 30 men/30 women) consumed a lycopene-free diet for 1 wk and were subsequently randomized to receive 35 +/- 1, 23 +/- 1 or 25 +/- 1 mg lycopene/d from Campbell's Condensed Tomato Soup (CS), Campbell's Ready To Serve Tomato Soup (RTS) or V8 Vegetable Juice (V8), respectively, for 15 d. Total plasma lycopene concentrations decreased from 0.499 +/- 0.044 to 0.322 +/- 0.027 (35%, P < 0.0001) micro mol/L for the 60 participants during the 7-d washout period. After intervention, total lycopene concentrations increased for those consuming CS, RTS and V8 (compared with the washout period for each group) to 0.784 +/- 0.083 (123%, P < 0.0001), 0.545 +/- 0.061 (57%, P < 0.01) and 0.569 +/- 0.061 (112%, P < 0.0001) micro mol/L, respectively. The concentrations of all lycopene isomers decreased during the washout period. As a percentage of plasma total lycopene isomers for the 60 subjects, all-trans-lycopene decreased from 44.4 +/- 1.2 to 39.6 +/- 1.2 (P < 0.0001), whereas total cis-lycopene isomers increased from 55.6 +/- 1.2 to 60.4 +/- 1.2 (P < 0.0001) during the washout period, a shift that was reversed by consumption of tomato products for 15 d. The ex vivo lipoprotein oxidation lag period, used as a measure of antioxidant capacity, increased significantly from 64.7 +/- 2.4 min at the end of the washout period (all groups) to 70.1 +/- 4.0 (P < 0.05), 68.3 +/- 2.4 (P < 0.05) and 71.7 +/- 4.0 min (P < 0.01) after treatment for the CS, RTS and V8 groups, respectively. This study shows that lycopene concentrations and isomer patterns change rapidly with variation in dietary intake. In addition, 15 d of tomato product consumption significantly enhanced the protection of lipoproteins to ex vivo oxidative stress.
The link between high fruit/vegetable intake and reduced chronic disease may be partly explained by antioxidant protection. To determine the effect of moderate antioxidant intake on biomarkers of oxidant damage, we assessed in vivo lipid and protein oxidation in 77 healthy men whose typical diet contained few fruits and vegetables (mean of 2.6 servings/d). The 39 nonsmokers and 38 smokers, age 20- 51 y, were given a daily supplement (272 mg vitamin C, 31 mg all-rac-alpha-tocopherol, and 400 micro g folic acid), or placebo, for 90 d with their usual diet. Blood and urine were taken at baseline and the end of the study for determination of lipid peroxidation products, including F(2)-total and 8-isoprostanes, and protein carbonyls. Urine thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) was the only oxidant damage marker that was significantly higher in smokers compared to nonsmokers (P < 0.05). Supplementation increased plasma ascorbate and tocopherol, but had no effect on the oxidant biomarkers. In healthy young men, the endogenous antioxidant defense system and a modest intake of dietary antioxidants are adequate to minimize levels of in vivo oxidant damage such that they cannot be differentiated by current methods.
Energy intake (EI) is the foundation of the diet, because all other nutrients must be provided within the quantity of food needed to fulfill the energy requirement. Thus if total EI is underestimated, it is probable that the intakes of other nutrients are also underestimated. Under conditions of weight stability, EI equals energy expenditure (EE). Because at the group level weight may be regarded as stable in the timescale of a dietary assessment, the validity of reported EI can be evaluated by comparing it with either measured EE or an estimate of the energy requirement of the population. This paper provides the first comprehensive review of studies in which EI was reported and EE was measured using the doubly labeled water technique. These conclusively demonstrate widespread bias to the underestimation of EI. Because energy requirements of populations or individuals can be conveniently expressed as multiples of the basal metabolic rate (BMR), EE:BMR, reported EI may also be expressed as EI:BMR for comparison. Values of EI:BMR falling below the 95% confidence limit of agreement between these two measures signify the presence of underreporting. A formula for calculating the lower 95% confidence limit was proposed by Goldberg et al. (the Goldberg cutoff). It has been used by numerous authors to identify individual underreporters in different dietary databases to explore the variables associated with underreporting. These studies are also comprehensively reviewed. They explore the characteristics of underreporters and the biases in estimating nutrient intake and in describing meal patterns associated with underreporting. This review also examines some of the problems for the interpretation of data introduced by underreporting and particularly by variable underreporting across subjects. Future directions for research are identified.
Unlike other macronutrients such as protein, the amounts and types of fat in the human diet vary tremendously across cultures and over time have changed significantly within Westernized countries. Studies of the effect that fat sources, fat amounts and changes in fat intake have on human disease are extremely difficult to conduct with traditional dietary assessment methods for a number of reasons. These include the hidden nature of many fats, the variation in fatty acids contained in foods and feed and the sensitivity of individuals to questions about fat intake in their diets. For these reasons biomarkers of fat intake are particularly desirable. Fat and fat-soluble substances have the advantages over other nutrients of a long half-life and readily accessible storage depots (in the absence of starvation, undernutrition or eating disorders). Technological advances in quantitative measurements of individual fatty acids, with the help of gas chromatography and mass spectrometry (GCMS)((3)) and high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), made possible the study of specific isomers of minor fatty acids from small tissue samples. Technological advances also opened the gateways to the study of fats that represent less than 1% of the total fat profiles, such as decosahexanoic acid (DHA), eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA). Biological advances enhanced our appreciation of the differences between fats of differing chain lengths within a family, including the saturated fats. Challenges remain, such as assessing total fat intake, discriminating the contribution of endogenously produced fats, determining how to evaluate the importance of relative versus absolute contributions of fat and accounting for the factors that influence deposition and mobilization of individual fats within and between individuals. Factors that can influence deposition and mobilization include genetic variation, disease status, lifestyle differences (i.e., alcohol consumption and smoking), circulating apolipoprotein levels and the hormonal milieu of the individual and the source tissue.
Isoflavones and lignans are biologically active plant-food constituents that have potential chemopreventive properties. Quantitation of isoflavones and lignans in humans is necessary to establish the benefits and risks of exposure to these compounds in populations and to determine which components of a mixed diet contribute to the exposure. Isoflavones and lignans are metabolized by colonic bacteria to more biologically active metabolites; thus both the parent compounds and the metabolites are measured routinely. Isoflavonoids (genistein, daidzein, dihydrodaidzein, O-desmethylangolensin and equol) and lignans (enterolactone, enterodiol, matairesinol and secoisolariciresinol) can be quantified in various body fluids. Typically, high concentrations of isoflavonoids in urine and serum are associated with soy consumption, and high concentrations of lignans are associated primarily with intake of whole grains and other fiber-containing plant foods. Controlled feeding studies and nutritional epidemiologic studies demonstrate a linear dose response between dietary intake and urinary excretion of isoflavones. Lignan excretion is associated positively with dietary fiber intake as well as with diets that are on average higher in fiber and carbohydrate and lower in fat; thus lignans have also been proposed as a marker of healthier dietary patterns. The complex interactions between the colonic environment and the external and internal factors that modulate it contribute to significant variation in serum and urinary phytoestrogen levels among individuals. Understanding these sources of variation is important to be able to use these measures effectively as dietary biomarkers.
In the past, cross-sectional studies of small groups have not always shown a significant relation between habitual sodium intake and blood pressure (BP). This study examined the relation between 24-h urinary sodium excretion (Salt24, g/day) and BP during sleep in young subjects. The subjects were 132 medical students (93 males, 39 females) aged 21 to 26 years, with no renal disorder. Urine was collected for 24 h, and sodium (Na), chloride (Cl), and creatinine (Cr) excretion were measured. The 24-h urinary Cr excretion (Cr24) was compared with the Cr24 estimated from lean body mass as a guide to ensure accurate collection of 24-h urine. The natural logarithm [ln (Salt24/Cr24)] was taken as an index of sodium intake. On the same day, a portable multi-biomedical recorder (TM2425) was used to measure 24-h systolic BP (SBP)/diastolic BP (DBP). Daytime BP was calculated as the average of waking-time BP, and sleep BP was taken as statistical base BP (minimum BP) during nighttime sleep. No correlation was observed between ln (Salt24/Cr24) and daytime BP. The correlation coefficient with sleep SBP, on the other hand, was 0.34 (p<0.05) in the male group and 0.54 (p<0.01) in the male high-BP group (24-h BP>127/75 mmHg, n=28). No relation of this kind was observed in the female group. In conclusion, despite the small number of subjects, the present cross-sectional study revealed a significant positive correlation between sodium intake and sleep SBP in young men with high BP.
OBJECTIVE: To provide a framework for use of the doubly labelled water method to measure energy expenditure in order to validate dietary instruments for the assessment of energy. DESIGN: Review and description of the use of doubly labelled water method for use as a biomarker for habitual energy intake. RESULTS: The doubly labelled water method has a relative accuracy of 1% and within-subject precision of 5 to 8%. Comparison of self-reported energy intake with energy expenditure demonstrated that over one-third of individuals may underreport energy intake by more than 25%. CONCLUSIONS: The doubly labelled water method, although expensive and dependent on non-routine laboratory instrumentation, is an excellent biomarker of energy intake. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine statistical models that account for correlation between random errors of different dietary assessment methods, in dietary validation studies. SETTING: In nutritional epidemiology, sub-studies on the accuracy of the dietary questionnaire measurements are used to correct for biases in relative risk estimates induced by dietary assessment errors. Generally, such validation studies are based on the comparison of questionnaire measurements (Q) with food consumption records or 24-hour diet recalls (R). In recent years, the statistical analysis of such studies has been formalized more in terms of statistical models. This made the need of crucial model assumptions more explicit. One key assumption is that random errors must be uncorrelated between measurements Q and R, as well as between replicate measurements R1 and R2 within the same individual. These assumptions may not hold in practice, however. Therefore, more complex statistical models have been proposed to validate measurements Q by simultaneous comparisons with measurements R plus a biomarker M, accounting for correlations between the random errors of Q and R. CONCLUSIONS: The more complex models accounting for random error correlations may work only for validation studies that include markers of diet based on physiological knowledge about the quantitative recovery, e.g. in urine, of specific elements such as nitrogen or potassium, or stable isotopes administered to the study subjects (e.g. the doubly labelled water method for assessment of energy expenditure). This type of marker, however, eliminates the problem of correlation of random errors between Q and R by simply taking the place of R, thus rendering complex statistical models unnecessary. 
AIM: To investigate the human sperm oxygen/energy consumption and zinc content in relation to motility. METHODS: In washed spermatozoa from 67 ejaculates, the oxygen consumption was determined. Following calculation of the total oxygen consumed by the Ideal Gas Law, the energy consumption of spermatozoa was calculated. In addition, the zinc content of the sperm was determined using an atomic absorption spectrometer. The resulting data were correlated to the vitality and motility. RESULTS: The oxygen consumption averaged 0.24 micromol/10(6) sperm x 24h, 0.28 micromol/10(6) live sperm x 24h and 0.85 micromol/10(6) live motile sperm x 24h. Further calculations revealed that sperm motility was the most energy consuming process (164.31 mJ/10(6) motile spermatozoa x 24h), while the oxygen consumption of the total spermatozoa was 46.06 mJ/10(6) spermatozoa x 24h. The correlation of the oxygen/energy consumption and zinc content with motility showed significant negative correlations (r= -0.759; P<0.0001 and r=-0.441; P<0.0001, respectively). However, when correlating sperm energy consumption with the zinc content, a significant positive relation (r=0.323; P=0.01) was observed. CONCLUSION: Poorly motile sperm are actually wasting the available energy. Moreover, our data clearly support the "Geometric Clutch Model" of the axoneme function and demonstrate the importance of the outer dense fibers for the generation of sperm motility, especially progressive motility. 
The study was conducted to correlate the consumption frequency of different food groups (milk, eggs, fish, and others) and the levels of serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin and dibenzofuran (PCDD/F) concentrations of residents living near a municipal waste incinerator. All selected subjects were between 18 and 65 years old and proportionally chosen from each age group based on population distribution. In addition, they had to have lived within a 5-km radius of the incinerator for at least 5 years. Trained interviewers administered a dietary questionnaire interview. Higher serum PCDD/F levels were found in older than in younger subjects, and higher PCDD/F concentrations were found in females than in males. An analysis between the consumption frequency of different foods and serum PCDD/F levels showed that fish might have contributed the highest quantity of measured serum PCDD/Fs. Yet, the regression coefficient of dietary intake and PCDD/F concentration was only 0.017 before and 0.105 after adjusting for the variables of age, gender, and smoking status of the study subjects. The frequency of fish consumption may be the most significant contributor to serum PCDD/F levels. Further research is needed to quantify the association between the consumption of various food groups and their potential contributions to the corresponding serum PCDD/F concentrations.
We have demonstrated that the habitual intake of chitosan can decrease bone mass in ovariectomized (OVX) SHRSP rats fed a low-Ca diet (0.1%). In the present study, we examined both the etiology of bone loss induced by dietary chitosan and the preventive effect of vitamin C supplementation. Rats were OVX and maintained on one of the following diets for 6 wk: 10% cellulose (CE). 10% chitosan (CH) or 10% chitosan with sodium ascorbate (CHVC). CH caused a significant reduction in bone mineral density (BMD) and stiffness in femurs and the fourth lumbar vertebrae (L4). There was no significant difference in intestinal Ca absorption between CH and CE, whereas CH intake significantly reduced intestinal P absorption. The bone loss in CH rats was accompanied with an increase in urinary Ca excretion and a decrease in serum Ca as well as a significant increment In serum PTH and 1,25(OH)2D3. The vitamin D receptor and calcium binding protein D9K mRNAs were also significantly increased in the duodenum of CH rats. Vitamin C supplementation to CH caused an increase in the Ca and P contents of femurs as well as BMD of the L4, with a decrease in urinary Ca excretion. These results indicate that dietary chitosan with low Ca intake possibly induces the loss of bone mass by enhancing urinary Ca excretion rather than by inhibiting Ca absorption, and that vitamin C supplementation could prevent bone loss caused by chitosan through the increment of retained Ca followed by suppression of urinary Ca excretion.
Cocoa can contain a high concentration of flavanols and procyanidins which have been reported to have strong antioxidative activity. In the present study, male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed diets containing 0, 0.5, 1, or 2% cocoa rich in flavanols for two weeks. Blood, liver, heart and testes were collected and analyzed for markers of oxidative damage. Plasma epicatechin concentrations, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8OH2'dG), and oxidized and reduced glutathione were quantitated by HPLC with electrochemical detection. Plasma F(2)-isoprostanes were measured using an enzyme immunoassay. Plasma epicatechin concentrations increased in a dose-dependant fashion according to the amount of cocoa in the diet (128 nM-790 nM). Cocoa supplementation was associated with lower than normal concentrations of 8OH2'dG in the testes (0.590 + 0.40 vs. 0.328 + 0.29; p < 0.05). Liver and heart 8OH2'dG levels were unaffected by dietary treatment. In erythrocytes, the glutathione pool was significantly less oxidized in the cocoa fed group compared to controls (p < 0.05). In liver and testes, no differences in superoxide dismutase activities were detected. Concentrations of plasma F(2)-isoprostanes and thiobarbituric acid reactive substances were similar in all groups. These results support the concept that a diet rich in flavanols and procyanidins can improve oxidant defense and reduce tissue markers for oxidative stress, although these effects can be tissue specific.
BACKGROUND: Diets containing nuts reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. This has primarily been attributed to their fatty acid composition, but other constituents may also contribute. Peanuts, the most widely consumed "nut" (actually a legume), are a rich source of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), magnesium and folate, but their effects on CVD risk factors are poorly characterized. OBJECTIVE: This study determined the effects of chronic peanut consumption on diet composition as well as serum lipids, magnesium and homocysteine concentrations in free-living subjects under different conditions of peanut intake. DESIGN: Fifteen normolipidemic adults participated in a 30-week cross-over intervention. Subjects were provided 500 (+136) kcal as peanuts during an eight-week free feeding (FF) diet. The same amount of peanuts was added during a three-week addition (ADD) diet or replaced an equal amount of other fats in the diet during an eight-week substitution (SUB) diet. RESULTS: Energy intake from fat was increased through greater intake of MUFA and polyunsaturated fatty acids, while saturated fatty acid intake remained relatively stable under all conditions. Triacylglycerol (TAG) was reduced by 24% during ADD (p < 0.05), by 17% during SUB (p < 0.05) and by 14% during four-weeks of FF, but then rebounded to baseline by week 8. Dietary fiber, magnesium, folate, alpha tocopherol, copper and arginine increased during all treatments (p < 0.05). Serum magnesium increased in 13 of 15 subjects during FF (p < 0.05). No changes were found in total plasma homocysteine concentration. CONCLUSIONS: Regular peanut consumption lowers serum TAG, augments consumption of nutrients associated with reduced CVD risk and increases serum magnesium concentration. 
The adipocyte-derived hormones leptin [which circulates in a free form and bound to a soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R)], adiponectin, and resistin play a key role in regulating energy homeostasis and metabolism. We assessed the association between body composition, total energy, and macronutrient intake and serum leptin, sOB-R, free leptin index, adiponectin, and resistin concentrations in 61 female and 53 male consecutively enrolled healthy Greek students. In this cross-sectional study, total energy and macronutrient intake were determined using 3-d food records. Body composition was assessed by bioelectrical impedance analysis; fasting blood samples were taken for the measurement of total leptin, sOB-R, adiponectin, and resistin; and the ratio leptin/sOB-R was used as an index of free leptin. Serum sOB-R concentrations were lower in the female subjects compared with the males (27.24 +/- 29.06 vs. 50.14 +/- 39.74 ng/ml, P < 0.001), whereas leptin, adiponectin, and resistin concentrations were significantly higher in females (leptin: 9.93 +/- 6.01 vs. 3.27 +/- 2.54 ng/ml, P < 0.001; adiponectin: 11.40 +/- 6.73 micro g/ml vs. 4.90 +/- 2.79 micro g/ml; P < 0.001; resistin: 16.86 +/- 5.39 ng/ml in females vs. 14.00 +/- 7.16 ng/ml in males, P < 0.02). Simple regression analysis showed that, in both genders, leptin, free leptin index, adiponectin, and resistin correlated positively with body fat mass and negatively with waist to hip ratio. sOB-R correlated negatively with body fat mass and positively with waist to hip ratio. Multiple regression analysis models controlling for gender, body fat, and total energy intake demonstrated that sOB-R is positively associated with energy intake from carbohydrates and negatively with energy intake from dietary fat, whereas free leptin index is negatively associated with energy intake from carbohydrates and positively with energy intake from dietary fat. No statistically significant correlations were observed between serum adiponectin or resistin concentrations and total energy or macronutrient intake. Thus, total energy intake and macronutrient composition of the diet are associated with sOB-R and free leptin index but do not play a role of comparable significance in predicting adiponectin and resistin concentrations in healthy young subjects.
Selenium (Se) levels in serum and erythrocytes were measured in 215 adults to assess the relative validity of Se intake estimated from 28-day dietary records (DR) and the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) used in the 5-year follow-up survey of the JPHC study. Se intake estimated from DR was correlated with that from the FFQ both in males and females (r=0.36 and r=0.32, respectively). Se levels in erythrocytes were weakly correlated with Se intake by DR for men (r=0.21) after adjustments for the total energy intake, though no significant correlation was found for women nor in crude values for either sex. Although Se intake estimated from our FFQ was correlated with that from the DR, no correlation was observed between the Se level in serum and estimated Se intake. In this population, the serum Se level was not a good biomarker for estimated Se intake.
To validate a self-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for the estimation of dietary intake of folate, vitamins B6 and B12, we compared measures of these vitamins by the FFQ and plasma concentrations among 87 male volunteers aged 40-89 years in the Japan Public Health Center-based prospective study (JPHC Study). No men used folate, vitamins B6 or B12 as supplements. There was a moderate association between energy-adjusted dietary intake and plasma concentration for folate and vitamin B6. The Spearman correlation coefficient was 0.26 and 0.23, respectively, in the total samples. These correlation coefficients were slightly higher when men in the Ishikawa PHC area were excluded from the analysis; the correlation coefficient was 0.29 for folate and 0.26 for vitamin B6. No significant correlation was found between dietary vitamin B12 intake and serum B12 concentration; the correlation coefficient was 0.06 in the total sample and 0.15 when the Ishikawa men were excluded from the analysis. In conclusion, we found that the FFQ used for the 5-year follow-up survey of JPHC Study could reasonably rank individuals by dietary intake of folate and vitamin B6, but not vitamin B12, among Japanese community-dwelling population samples.
The objective of this study was to describe fluctuations in leptin concentrations during late pregnancy and lactation and to investigate how those fluctuations are related to energy balance, milk yield, milk components, dry matter intake, live weight, first postpartum luteal activity, and first observed estrus during lactation. Live weight, dry matter intake, energy balance, and milk yield were measured weekly on 304 primiparous Holstein cows for the first 80 d of lactation. The first postpartum luteal activity was determined by measuring milk progesterone, and independently, first observed estrus. For measuring leptin concentrations from 30 d before until 80 d after calving, blood samples were taken at 2-wk intervals at a fixed time of the day after milking but before feeding. Leptin concentrations were high during pregnancy and declined to a nadir at parturition. It seems that leptin concentrations reflect the state of energy balance during lactation; plasma leptin concentrations were lower in cows with a mean negative energy balance during lactation. Those cows usually produced more milk, consumed less feed, and had a lower live weight compared with cows having a mean positive energy balance. The recovery of leptin concentrations from the leptin nadir at parturition seemed to depend on the extent and duration of the negative energy balance, thus probably on the amount of fat that was re-accumulated. Although there was lack of a relationship between leptin and first postpartum luteal activity, higher leptin concentrations associated with shorter intervals to first observed estrus might indicate a relationship between leptin and expression of estrus.
The aim of our study was to investigate the relationship between dietary fibre intake and some clinical indices, blood biochemical variables and the incidence of cardiovascular disease and cancers in France, taking advantage of an ongoing cohort, the Supplementation en Vitamines et Minraux AntioXydants (SU.VI.MAX) intervention study. This preliminary report provides data on dietary fibre intake in this French adult population group of 4080 subjects (2168 men and 1912 women) aged 45-65 years at inclusion. The data obtained for fibre intake indicate that most men and women have low to moderate intakes of total dietary fibre (mean 21.0 and 17.1 g/d respectively), with only 21 % of the men and 7 % of the women having total dietary fibre intakes at the recommended level (i.e. > 25 g/d) and soluble fibre accounting for 19 % of the total dietary fibre intake for both genders. The main food sources of dietary fibre are cereals (30-35 % total), vegetables (20-24 % total) and fruit (19-22 % total). No marked regional differences were observed within France. The highest dietary fibre intakes have been found to be associated with a lower BMI, blood systolic pressure, plasma triacylglycerols and plasma glucose in men and lower BMI in women. Overall, these data support the concept of a beneficial effect of a high dietary fibre intake on cardiovascular disease risk.
BACKGROUND/AIM: The evaluation of the significance of hyperhomocysteinemia in type 2 diabetes is further complicated by the multiple ways of considering impaired renal function, vitamin status, and lifestyle. The aim of our study was to investigate the relation between macro- and micronutrient intakes and homocysteine levels in a population having diabetes type 2. METHODS: A total of 155 patients with diabetes mellitus type 2 attending our Diabetes Service (90 females and 65 males) were enrolled in a consecutive way. All patients underwent determination of fasting blood homocysteine, glycated hemoglobin, glucose, vitamin B(12), and folate levels. Microalbuminuria was evaluated on the basis of a 24-hour urine. The patients were instructed to keep 3-day written food records incorporating the use of food scales and models to enhance portion size accuracy. Alcohol drinking, physical activity, and smoking habits were also registered. RESULTS: The mean homocysteine levels were 10.5 +/- 4.3 micromol/l. The mean glucose and Hb A(Ic) levels were 9.5 +/- 3 mmol/l and 7.8 +/- 1.4%, respectively. The vitamin status was normal: 592.6 +/- 522 pg/ml vitamin B(12) and 10.5 +/- 5.5 ng/ml folic acid. Mean microalbuminuria was 81.7 +/- 238 mg/day. The calorie intakes were normal (carbohydrates 43%, proteins 23.8%, and lipids 33.1%). A decrease in daily intakes of vitamins (A, B(1), D, and E) and trace elements (Zn, Mg, Se, and Ca) was detected. High daily intakes were detected for protein, P, and vitamins C, B(12), K and P 29.7% of the patients drank beer and 18% other alcoholic beverages. 11.7% of the patients smoked, and 77.7% maintained daily physical activity (mean/day 25.7 +/- 20.9 min). Only protein (g/day; r = 0.25; p < 0.005) and beer (ml/day; r = -0.46; p < 0.05) correlated with the total homocysteine levels. The daily intakes of vitamin B(12) and folic acid were inversely correlated with the total homocysteine levels: r = -0.29; p < 0.05) and (r = -0.12; p < 0.05), respectively. Physical activity and smoking habits were not correlated. In the multivariate analysis with a dependent variable (total homocysteine) adjusted for age, sex, microalbuminuria, and nutrient intakes (proteins, folic acid, and vitamin B(12)) and beer remained in the model. CONCLUSION: The present study shows that protein intake and beer could modify the levels of total homocysteine in patients with diabetes type 2. 
BACKGROUND: Soy diet has been suggested to have antihypertensive effect in animal studies. The present study examined the cross-sectional relationship between blood pressure and intake of soy products and other food groups in Japanese men and women. METHODS: Blood pressure was measured in Japanese 294 men and 330 women (246 premenopausal and 84 peri- and postmenopausal women) who participated in a health check-up program provided by a general hospital. Intake of various food groups and nutrients was estimated from a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: In men, soy product intake was inversely significantly correlated with diastolic blood pressure (r = -0.12, P = 0.04) after controlling for age, total energy, smoking status, body mass index, and intake of alcohol, salt and seaweeds. The correlation of soy product intake with systolic blood pressure was of borderline significance (r = -0.10, P = 0.09). Systolic blood pressure was inversely correlated with intake of vegetables (r = -0.12, P = 0.04) and dairy products (r = -0.12, P = 0.05). There were no significant correlations between soy product intake and diastolic blood pressure in women. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate a mild effect of soy intake on blood pressure reduction in men. 
BACKGROUND: Although gastrointestinal symptoms occur frequently, there is no validated measure of gastrointestinal symptoms in patients with diabetes mellitus. AIM: To develop the Diabetes Bowel Symptom Questionnaire. METHODS: A questionnaire derived from previously validated symptom measures was compiled to assess all relevant gastrointestinal and diabetes items. Face and content validity were ascertained by expert review. One hundred and sixty-eight patients with diabetes mellitus completed the instrument, and reliability was evaluated by a test-re-test procedure 1 week later. Concurrent validity was evaluated by an independent physician interview (n = 33). Measures of glycaemic control (glycated haemoglobin and plasma glucose) were compared with self-reported glycaemic control on a five-point Likert scale in diabetic out-patients (n = 166). RESULTS: The questionnaire had adequate face and content validity. There was good to excellent test-re-test reliability for the gastrointestinal and diabetes items (median kappa: 0.63 and 0.79, respectively); concurrent validity was good to excellent (median kappa: 0.47 and 0.65, respectively), except for the items assessing the severity of gastrointestinal symptoms. Both glycated haemoglobin (P < 0.0001) and plasma glucose (P = 0.005) correlated significantly with self-reported glycaemic control. CONCLUSION: The Diabetes Bowel Symptom Questionnaire appears to be a useful measure of gastrointestinal symptoms and glycaemic control in diabetes mellitus, and should have applicability in epidemiological and clinical studies. 
The purpose of this work was to correlate the amount of the food mutagen 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) determined in mouse fur with the number of intestinal tumours induced by PhIP, to further evaluate incorporation of PhIP into hair as a putative exposure biomarker for food mutagens. We have previously shown that PhIP increases intestinal tumourigenesis in C57BL/6J-Min/+ (Multiple Intestinal Neoplasia) mice. Fur was sampled from mice exposed according to various PhIP protocols, and the amount of PhIP in the fur was quantitated by high performance liquid chromatography - mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS). A quantitative incorporation of PhIP in the fur was demonstrated after a single subcutaneous injection of PhIP, and between one and eight PhIP exposures either via direct subcutaneous injections or through breast milk from PhIP-injected dams. However, after higher exposures, the amount of PhIP in the fur appeared to reach saturation. After low exposures to PhIP, the number of intestinal tumours correlated with the amount of PhIP in the fur of individual mice, whereas after higher exposures, the number of tumours was relatively higher than the amounts of incorporated PhIP in the fur. Other factors, e.g. amounts of reactive PhIP metabolites formed, are also determining the number of intestinal tumours. The demonstrated quantitative incorporation of PhIP into mice fur and the correlation with number of intestinal tumours at the lower exposures, indicate that determination of PhIP in human hair may be a suitable biomarker for exposure to dietary PhIP, which is found in human hair in 10-3 lower amounts than in these mice.
The phytoestrogen and isoflavone, genistein, inhibited the activity of the DNA synthesis-related enzyme, topoisomerase-II (topo-II), altered cell-cycle traverse and produced cell death in cell culture models. In order to examine the potential effects of genistein on cell replication and cell death in an animal model, 8-week-old C57BL6 mice were fed either a control diet or one containing one of five doses (100-2000 ppm) of genistein for 28 days. At the end of the feeding period, both male and female mice were sacrificed and the serum isoflavone and aglycone levels determined by liquid chromatography with electrospray tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ES/MS/MS). Immunohistochemistry was utilized to measure the cell replication and cell death rates in the small intestine. Total isoflavone concentration increased from below the limits of detection (0.001 microM) in control animals to 0.28 microM in male and 0.54 microM in female mice fed the 2000 ppm diet. A decrease in the percentage of cells in G(0) and an increase in the percentage of cells in S-phase, consistent with topo-II-induced S-phase arrest, was found in the duodenum and jejunum of the small intestine. Thus, genistein appears to accumulate to a sufficient level to affect topo-II activity in the small intestine.
Cruciferous vegetables contain glucosinolates, which are degraded to isothiocyanates. These are easily absorbed, conjugated to glutathione, and excreted into the urine as their corresponding mercapturic acids. We have developed and validated a solid phase extraction-high-performance liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry method for the specific analysis of individual isothiocyanate mercapturic acids in urine. The range of reliable analysis was 1.0-310 microM in urine. Urine samples fortified with three different levels of isothiocyanate mercapturic acids were measured on six different days by three independent technicians. The relative standard deviation (RSD) of repeatability was 12, 6, and 3%; the RSD of reproducibility was 19, 14, and 8%, and spike recoveries were 103, 104, and 103%, respectively, for 1.04, 10.5, and 313 microM levels. In 24 h urine collected from two volunteers after they consumed broccoli and cauliflower, clearly sulforaphane mercapturic acid (133 micromol) and allyl isothiocyanate mercapturic acid (4.7 micromol) were found. This procedure demonstrates a reliable and efficient method to study the intake and mode of action of isothiocyanates in animal studies and clinical trials.
We examined the relationships of I405V cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP), Taq1B CETP and apolipoprotein (apo)E polymorphisms with the pattern of response to dietary plant sterol ester (PSE) by plasma lipids and CETP concentrations as well as lecithin-cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) activity. Subjects with moderate primary hypercholesterolemia (20-60 y old; 50 women; 10 men) consumed margarine (20 g/d) without (placebo) or with PSE (2.8 g/d = 1.68 g/d phytosterols) for 4 wk each period, in a crossover, double-blind study. Plasma CETP concentration was measured by ELISA; endogenous LCAT activity was expressed as the percentage of esterification (30 min incubation) of the subjects' (14)C-unesterified cholesterol HDL. PSE reduced concentrations of plasma total cholesterol (TC) (10%) and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) (12%). In relation to the I405V CETP polymorphism, the percentage reductions in TC with consumption of PSE for the II, IV and VV phenotypes were 7.2, 4.2 and not significant, respectively, whereas LDL-C significant reductions occurred only for II (9.5%). However, the CETP concentration diminished only in the II phenotype.
The mammalian lignans (a form of phytoestrogens), metabolically derived by the intestinal microflora from dietary precursors, may have several health benefits. Information concerning their dietary sources and bioavailability is scarce. We assessed lignan intake via a 24-h dietary recall (n = 2852) and determined serum enterolactone (EL) concentration (n = 1784) in 25- to 64-y-old Finnish men and women participating in a national survey in 1997. Mean intake of lignans [sum of matairesinol (MAT) and secoisolariciresinol (SECO)] in men and women was 173 microg/d (19 microg/MJ) and 151 microg/d (23 microg/MJ), respectively. SECO made up over two thirds of the total lignan intake. The major sources of SECO were fruit, berries and cereals, whereas MAT derived almost exclusively from cereals. Lignan intake was positively associated with serum EL concentration (r = 0.19, P < 0.0001), i.e., the mean EL concentration in the highest quintile of lignan intake was 50% higher than that in the lowest quintile. We conclude that lignans are common components of the Finnish diet, although the mean daily intake is low (<0.2 mg). The main dietary sources of lignans, i.e., whole grain, vegetables and fruits, are foods commonly associated with lower risk of cardiovascular diseases and cancer. Serum EL concentration is a feasible biomarker of lignan intake.
There is evidence that the insulin-like growth factor system (IGF), particularly IGF-I, is important in human carcinogenesis. We studied in a general, though not strictly random population sample of 620 adults, the relationship of IGF-I to demographic, lifestyle and dietary factors, the latter ascertained through an extensive validated questionnaire. Plasma IGF-I levels declined significantly with age and the decline was more evident among women than among men. Tobacco smoking, body mass index and regular physical activity were unrelated to this hormone and a positive association with height was not statistically significant. Neither protein nor carbohydrate intake was related to plasma IGF-I levels but there was inconsistent evidence that ethanol intake may be inversely associated with plasma IGF-I and saturated and polyunsaturated lipids may be positively associated with it. The findings are evaluated in conjunction with evidence indicating that the incidence of cancer is lower among women than among men, height is a risk factor for several forms of cancer, and saturated and polyunsaturated lipids have been more closely linked to human and animal carcinogenesis than monounsaturated lipids.
BACKGROUND: Several cross-sectional studies have examined whether the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure (alcohol-BP relationship) differs among individuals with different aldehyde dehydrogenase-2 (ALDH2) genotypes, but few studies have examined the association with alcohol dehydrogenase-2 (ADH2), and those have yielded inconsistent results. We examined the potential modulatory effects of ADH2 and ALDH2 genotypes on the alcohol-BP relationship in a cross-sectional sample of a Japanese rural community. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study subjects were 335 randomly selected men aged 40-69 years, who lived in Shiso, a Japanese rural county, in 1999 or 2000. The genetic polymorphisms of ADH2 and ALDH2 were determined by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) methods. The frequencies of ADH21/21 (wild-type), 21/22 (superactive heterozygotes), and 22/22 (superactive homozygotes) were 8.4, 34.9 and 56.7%, respectively; and those of ALDH21/21 (wild-type), 21/22 (inactive heterozygotes), and 22/22 (inactive homozygotes) were 52.8, 40.9, and 6.3%, respectively. A multiple linear regression analysis showed that the relationship between alcohol consumption and diastolic blood pressure was significantly stronger in men with ADH21/21 than those with ADH21/22 or 22/22 (adjusted regression coefficient = 0.0392 versus 0.0113 mmHg for + 1 g ethanol/week, P for difference in slope = 0.018). The strength of the alcohol-BP relationship was similar in all of the ALDH2 genotype groups. CONCLUSION: The alcohol-BP relationship was significantly stronger in men with ADH21/21 than in men with ADH21/22 or 22/22 in this Japanese rural population. This finding was exactly the opposite of what one previous study suggested. 
BACKGROUND: Recommendations for preventing and treating type 2 diabetes include consuming carbohydrates, predominantly from whole grains, fruit, vegetables, and low-fat milk. However, the quantity and type of carbohydrates consumed may contribute to disorders of glycemic control. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the association between carbohydrate intakes and biomarkers of glycemic control in a nationally representative sample of healthy US adults who participated in a cross-sectional study, the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. DESIGN: The sample (5730 men and 6125 women aged > or = 20 y) was divided into quintiles of carbohydrate intake (as a percentage of energy). Carbohydrate intakes were examined in relation to glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)), plasma glucose, serum C-peptide, and serum insulin concentrations by using logistic regression. RESULTS: Carbohydrate intakes were not associated with Hb A(1c), plasma glucose, or serum insulin concentrations in men or women after adjustment for confounding variables. Carbohydrate intakes were inversely associated with serum C-peptide concentrations in men and women. Odds ratios for elevated serum C-peptide concentrations for increasing quintiles of carbohydrate intake were 1.00, 0.88, 0.57, 0.39, and 0.75 (P for trend = 0.016) in men, and 1.00, 0.69, 0.57, 0.36, and 0.41 (P for trend = 0.007) in women. When carbohydrate intakes were further adjusted for intakes of total and added sugar, the association of serum C-peptide with carbohydrate intakes was strengthened in men. CONCLUSIONS: Carbohydrate intakes were not associated with Hb A(1c), plasma glucose, or serum insulin concentrations but were inversely associated with the risk of elevated serum C-peptide; this supports current recommendations regarding carbohydrate intake in healthy adults. 
BACKGROUND: The role of antioxidants in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes is uncertain. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated cross-sectional relations of dietary intakes and plasma concentrations of antioxidants with glucose metabolism in a high-risk population. DESIGN: The subjects were 81 male and 101 female first- and second-degree, nondiabetic relatives of patients with type 2 diabetes. Antioxidant intake data were based on 3-d food records. Subjects taking supplements containing beta-carotene or alpha-tocopherol were excluded. Plasma antioxidant concentrations were measured by HPLC. By using multiple linear regression analysis and adjusting for demographic, anthropometric, and lifestyle covariates, we studied whether dietary and plasma alpha- and beta-carotene, lycopene, and alpha- and gamma-tocopherol were related to fasting and 2-h concentrations of glucose and nonesterified fatty acids during an oral-glucose-tolerance test, to the homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance, and to measures of beta cell function (incremental 30-min serum insulin concentration during an oral-glucose-tolerance test and first-phase insulin secretion during an intravenous-glucose-tolerance test). RESULTS: In men, dietary carotenoids were inversely associated with fasting plasma glucose concentrations (P < 0.05), plasma beta-carotene concentrations were inversely associated with insulin resistance (P = 0.003), and dietary lycopene was directly related to baseline serum concentrations of nonesterified fatty acids (P = 0.034). In women, dietary alpha-tocopherol and plasma beta-carotene concentrations were inversely and directly associated, respectively, with fasting plasma glucose concentrations (P < 0.05). In both sexes, cholesterol-adjusted alpha-tocopherol concentrations were directly associated with 2-h plasma glucose concentrations (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The data suggest an advantageous association of carotenoids, which are markers of fruit and vegetable intake, with glucose metabolism in men at high risk of type 2 diabetes. 
OBJECTIVE: Overactive bladder (OAB) has substantial impact on health-related quality of life (HRQoL). The purpose of this research was to evaluate the psychometric properties of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ). METHODS: The KHQ (n = 1284) was administered at baseline and 12 weeks post-treatment in a multinational, double-blind, randomized clinical trial of tolterodine for treatment of OAB. Country-specific psychometric analyses of HRQoL instruments were performed. Countries demonstrating marginal psychometric properties on the KHQ were pooled with same-language countries, re-evaluated, and aggregate analysis performed on the pooled data. RESULTS: Internal consistency of the KHQ was high, item characteristics were good, most assumptions of summed scales were met, and it is externally valid and consistent. Few problems with the KHQ were noted although the performance of the personal relationships domain was complicated by the 'not applicable' response category. CONCLUSIONS: Psychometric testing supports the reliability and validity of the KHQ as an OAB-specific measure of HRQoL. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess obese patients with hypercholesterolemia whom were prescribed a standardized diet, comparing the action of orlistat, fluvastatin, orlistat with fluvastatin, and placebo on anthropometric measurements, blood pressure (BP), and lipid profile. METHODS: This was a 1-year, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. The patients were prescribed a controlled-energy diet and were randomly allocated to receive placebo, orlistat 120 mg TID (O group), fluvastatin 80 mg/d (F group), or olistat 120 mg TID with fluvastatin 80 mg/d (OF group). Clinical measurements (body weight, body mass index [BMI], waist circumference, and BP) and lipid profile assessment (total cholesterol [TC], low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C], high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [HDL-C], and triglycerides [TGs]) were performed at baseline and after 6 months and 1 year of treatment. RESULTS: The study included 99 obese patients with hypercholesterolemia (48 men and 51 women; mean [SD] age, 51 [9] years). There were no significant differences between groups in baseline demographic, BP, or plasma lipid values. Three patients dropped out (2 women in the O group and 1 man in the OF group) due to adverse events related to orlistat treatment, including gastrointestinal events (oily spotting and fecal urgency). Ninety-six patients completed the study. There were significant differences from baseline (mean [SD]) in BMI, waist circumference reduction (WCR), and body weight loss (BWL) at 6 months in the OF group (29.9 [1.1] kg/m(2), 2.7 [0.8] cm, and 7.4 [0.9] kg, respectively; all P < 0.05), and BMI, WCR, and BWL at 1 year in the O group (29.0 [1.0] kg/m(2), 3.0 [1.0] cm, and 8.6 [1.0] kg, respectively; all P < 0.02), the F group (29.3 [1.6] kg/m(2), 2.4 [1.0] cm, and 8/0 [1.0] kg, respectively; all P < 0.05), and the OF group (28.4 [0.6] kg/m(2), 4.0 [0.6] cm, and 11.4 [1.0] kg, respectively; all P < 0.01). Significant reductions from baseline in systolic and diastolic BP were observed at 1 year in the O and F groups (all P < 0.05) and the OF group (both P < 0.01). At 6 months, there were significant reductions from baseline in TC and LDL-C in the F group (both P < 0.05) and in TC, LDL-C, and TGs in the OF group (P < 0.02, P < 0.02, and P < 0.05, respectively), as well as a significant increase in HDL-C in the OF group (P < 0.02). At 1 year, there were significant reduction from baseline in TC in the O, F, and OF groups (P < 0.05 and P < 0.01, respectively), LDL-C (P < 0.05, P < 0.02, and P < 0.01, respectively), and TGs (P < 0.02, P < 0.05, and P < 0.02, respectively). Also at 1 year, HDL-C was significantly higher than baseline in the F and OF groups (P < 0.02 and P < 0.01, respectively). CONCLUSION: Improvements in clinical and lipid-profile parameters were found at 1 year with all 3 treatments. 
BACKGROUND: Underreporting is a common problem in dietary surveys. Few studies have shown the implication of this when investigating diet-disease relations. OBJECTIVE: We investigated how underreporting affects the associations between dietary factors and the metabolic syndrome. DESIGN: Dietary intake measured with a 7-d food record, fasting insulin concentrations, and other variables of the metabolic syndrome were assessed in a cross-sectional study of 301 healthy men aged 63 y. Biological markers for intakes of protein, sodium, and potassium were measured in 24-h urine samples. Underreporters (URs, n = 88) were identified by Goldberg's equation, which compares energy intake with energy expenditure, both expressed as multiples of the basal metabolic rate. Physical activity level was estimated, and individual cutoffs were calculated. RESULTS: The URs had higher nutrient and food densities in their diet than did the non-URs, which suggested that they followed a healthier diet. The URs had a higher prevalence of the metabolic syndrome than did the non-URs (18% and 9%, respectively; P = 0.029). The biological markers confirmed a low validity of the dietary data in the URs. The correlations between fasting insulin concentrations, a central component of the metabolic syndrome, and the intakes of polyunsaturated fats, n-6 fats, and fat from milk products were stronger in the URs than in the non-URs, which indicates that inaccurate data can introduce spurious associations. CONCLUSION: The association between diet and fasting insulin differed between URs and non-URs in this study of 301 healthy men aged 63 y. If URs are not identified and excluded or treated separately in studies in nutritional epidemiology, spurious diet-disease relations may be reported. 
BACKGROUND: Polyunsaturated fatty acid intake favorably affects chronic inflammatory-related diseases such as cardiovascular disease; however, high intake of n-6 fatty acids may attenuate the known beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids. METHODS AND RESULTS: We investigated habitual dietary n-3 fatty acid intake and its interaction with n-6 fatty acids in relation to the plasma inflammatory markers C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and soluble tumor necrosis factor receptors 1 and 2 (sTNF-R1 and R2) among 405 healthy men and 454 healthy women. After adjustment for other predictors of inflammation, intake of the n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) was inversely associated with plasma levels of sTNF-R1 and sTNF-R2 (P=0.03 and P<0.001, respectively) and somewhat less so for C-reactive protein (P=0.08). n-3 alpha-linolenic acid and n-6 cis-linoleic acid were not significantly related to the inflammatory markers. We found little if any association between n-3 fatty acid (EPA+DHA) intake and tumor necrosis factor receptors among participants with low intake of n-6 but a strong inverse association among those with high n-6 intake (P=0.04 and 0.002 for interaction of n-3 with n-6 on sTNF-R1 and sTNF-R2, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that n-6 fatty acids do not inhibit the antiinflammatory effects of n-3 fatty acids and that the combination of both types of fatty acids is associated with the lowest levels of inflammation. The inhibition of inflammatory cytokines may be one possible mechanism for the observed beneficial effects of these fatty acids on chronic inflammatory-related diseases. 
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the relation between (1) cardiorespiratory fitness and plasma saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids and (2) the interactions between cardiorespiratory fitness, dietary fat intake and plasma fatty acid composition. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: The subjects were randomly selected, 127 middle-aged Finnish men participating in the DNASCO exercise intervention study. INTERVENTIONS: Cardiorespiratory fitness was determined spiroergometrically, dietary intake of macro- and micronutrients by 4-day food records and plasma fatty acids by gas chromatography. The subjects were divided into tertiles of aerobic fitness. RESULTS: Differences between fitness tertiles were not observed for dietary intake of total fat, and saturated, monounsaturated or polyunsaturated fatty acids (percent of total energy). In contrast, plasma saturated fatty acids were significantly lower (P <0.01) and polyunsaturated fatty acids significantly higher (P <0.05) in the highest fitness tertile compared to the lowest tertile. Dietary saturated fat intake was positively associated with plasma saturated fatty acids (r=0.342; P <0.05) and inversely with plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids (r=-0.453; P <0.01) only in the lowest fitness tertile. In addition, a positive correlation between body mass index and plasma saturated fatty acids (r=0.516; P <0.01) as well as a negative correlation between body mass index and plasma polyunsaturated fatty acids (r=-0.516; P <0.01) was observed in the lowest tertile solely. CONCLUSION: Different levels in cardiorespiratory fitness are associated with different levels in plasma saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids and lead to modifications in the association between dietary and plasma fatty acids. These findings can perhaps be explained by a reduced hepatic fatty acid and lipoprotein synthesis as well as by an enhanced muscular lipid utilization, which are commonly seen in those who are physically active and who exhibit a higher level of fitness. 
Microalbuminuria is a risk factor for renal and cardiovascular diseases. Oxidant stress may contribute to vascular disease risk by promoting damage to renal and vascular tissues. This study examined the associations of plasma levels of diet-derived antioxidants with albuminuria in Australian population groups at high risk of renal and cardiovascular disease. Data on microalbuminuria and diet-derived plasma antioxidants were drawn from results of cross-sectional community-based risk factor surveys of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples (n =698, 15 years and older). Prevalence of microalbuminuria ranged from 17-21%. After adjustment for age, gender, body mass index, diabetes, smoking status, plasma lipids and blood pressure, microalbuminuria was associated with significantly lower plasma concentrations of lycopene (-29%; P <0.001), beta-carotene (-22%; P <0.001), alpha-carotene (-22%; P <0.001) and cryptoxanthin (-17%; P <0.001) compared with normalbuminuric persons. Significant associations of microalbuminuria with plasma concentrations of alpha-tocopherol, retinol, lutein plus zeaxanthin and homocysteine were absent. The data are consistent with a protective effect of diets rich in carotenoids on vascular endothelium and/or renal tissues, and support the need for interventions to address affordable food supplies and dietary quality among Indigenous Australians.
OBJECTIVE: A study with human volunteers was conducted to ascertain whether a low intake of copper (Cu) would exacerbate the response to a deficient intake of magnesium (Mg). METHODS: Nineteen postmenopausal women, age 47 to 78 y, completed a metabolic unit study as designed. For 162 d, nine women were fed a diet containing 1.0 mg of Cu/2000 kcal and 10 women were fed 3.0 mg of Cu/2000 kcal. Diets contained 99 or 399 mg of Mg/2000 kcal for 81 d in a randomized, double-blind, crossover design. Differences were considered significant when statistical analysis yielded P </= 0.05. RESULTS: Magnesium balance was highly positive when the dietary magnesium was high but non-positive when dietary magnesium was low. Copper balance was more positive when dietary copper was high than when it was low. Plasma ionized magnesium was decreased by magnesium deprivation. Several variables measured indicated that low dietary copper affected the response to magnesium deprivation or vice-versa. Red blood cell magnesium was lower when dietary copper was low than when it was high. When dietary magnesium was low, serum copper was lower in the women fed marginal copper than in those fed luxuriant copper. When dietary magnesium was high, low dietary copper did not affect serum copper. Magnesium deprivation decreased red blood cell superoxide dismutase when dietary copper was luxuriant; when dietary copper was low, magnesium deprivation did not have much of an effect. Apolipoprotein A1 was lowest when dietary magnesium and copper were low. The order in which the magnesium restriction occurred affected the response of a number of variables to this treatment including concentrations of serum magnesium and total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: The findings indicated that, in short-term magnesium depletion experiments, the response to depletion can be influenced by other dietary factors including copper intake and a high magnesium intake before depletion, and that 100 mg of Mg/d is inadequate for postmenopausal women. 
OBJECTIVE: Little research has explored associations of drinking patterns with glycemic control, especially among women. Our objective was to determine the relationship of patterns of alcohol consumption-including average daily consumption, weekly frequency of consumption, drinking with meals, and beverage type-with biologic markers of insulin resistance in young women. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This study was cross-sectional in design. The subjects consisted of a stratified random subpopulation of 459 U.S. normal-weight and overweight female nurses, 33-50 years of age, drawn from the Nurses' Health Study II and sampled for distinct drinking patterns. Women provided blood samples and detailed information on dietary and lifestyle factors between 1995 and 1999. The main outcome measures were fasting insulin, C-peptide, and HbA(1c). RESULTS: Adjusting for age, smoking, physical activity, television watching, BMI, and several dietary factors, average alcohol intake was inversely associated with HbA(1c) (units in percentage of HbA(1c)): 0 g/day (reference = 5.36%), 0.1 to <5.0 g/day (-0.04%), 5.0 to <15.0 g/day (-0.09%), 15.0 to <25.0 g/day (-0.10%), and > or =25.0 g/day (-0.17%) (P value, test for trend <0.001). We found an inverse association of alcohol intake and insulin, but only for women with a BMI > or =25 kg/m(2). Specifically, insulin levels were lowest for episodic drinkers consuming > or =2 drinks per day on 0-3 days per week. Consumption with meals and type of alcoholic beverage did not further influence these results. CONCLUSIONS: Moderate alcohol consumption of 1-2 drinks per day on a few to several days of the week may have a beneficial glycemic effect, particularly among overweight women. 
This paper describes the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) Study, conducted from September 1999 to March 2000. The purpose of the study was to assess dietary measurement error using two self-reported dietary instruments-the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and the 24-hour dietary recall (24HR)-and unbiased biomarkers of energy and protein intakes: doubly labeled water and urinary nitrogen. Participants were 484 men and women aged 40-69 years from Montgomery County, Maryland. Nine percent of men and 7% of women were defined as underreporters of both energy and protein intake on 24HRs; for FFQs, the comparable values were 35% for men and 23% for women. On average, men underreported energy intake compared with total energy expenditure by 12-14% on 24HRs and 31-36% on FFQs and underreported protein intake compared with a protein biomarker by 11-12% on 24HRs and 30-34% on FFQs. Women underreported energy intake on 24HRs by 16-20% and on FFQs by 34-38% and underreported protein intake by 11-15% on 24HRs and 27-32% on FFQs. There was little underreporting of the percentage of energy from protein for men or women. These findings have important implications for nutritional epidemiology and dietary surveillance.
Multiple-day food records or 24-hour dietary recalls (24HRs) are commonly used as "reference" instruments to calibrate food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) and to adjust findings from nutritional epidemiologic studies for measurement error. Correct adjustment requires that the errors in the adopted reference instrument be independent of those in the FFQ and of true intake. The authors report data from the Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) Study, conducted from September 1999 to March 2000, in which valid reference biomarkers for energy (doubly labeled water) and protein (urinary nitrogen), together with a FFQ and 24HR, were observed in 484 healthy volunteers from Montgomery County, Maryland. Accounting for the reference biomarkers, the data suggest that the FFQ leads to severe attenuation in estimated disease relative risks for absolute protein or energy intake (a true relative risk of 2 would appear as 1.1 or smaller). For protein adjusted for energy intake by using either nutrient density or nutrient residuals, the attenuation is less severe (a relative risk of 2 would appear as approximately 1.3), lending weight to the use of energy adjustment. Using the 24HR as a reference instrument can seriously underestimate true attenuation (up to 60% for energy-adjusted protein). Results suggest that the interpretation of findings from FFQ-based epidemiologic studies of diet-disease associations needs to be reevaluated.
We examined the bioavailability of vitamin C in orange juice processed using high pressure (HP) and its effects on plasma levels of vitamin C, uric acid (UA), F2-isoprostanes (8-epiPGF(2alpha)), C-reactive protein (CRP) and prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) in a healthy human population. Subjects (6 men, 6 women) enrolled in the study consumed 500 mL/d of HP orange juice for 14 d, corresponding to an intake of 250 mg of vitamin C. On d 1 of the study, subjects drank the juice in one dose; on d 2 until the end of the study, d 14, they drank 250 mL in the morning and 250 mL in the afternoon. Blood was collected every h for 6 h, on d 1, and then on d 7 and 14 of the study. Baseline plasma vitamin C concentration was higher (P = 0.014) in women (55.8 +/- 3.8 micro mol/L) than in men (42.8 +/- 2.1 micro mol/L). The maximum plasma vitamin C increase occurred 3 h after drinking the juice, and it remained elevated on d 7 and 14. Plasma 8-epiPGF(2alpha) concentration did not differ between men and women at baseline. However, it was lower at the end of the study in both men (P = 0.044) and women (P = 0.034). Plasma levels of vitamin C and 8-epiPGF(2alpha) were inversely correlated (r = -0.615, P = 0.001). Plasma CRP concentrations tended to be lower on d 14 than at baseline in men (P = 0.317) and women (P = 0.235). Plasma PGE(2) was lower at the end of the study in both men and women (P <or= 0.037). Drinking orange juice increases plasma vitamin C, and decreases 8-epiPGF(2alpha) and PGE(2) levels in humans, which may help reduce the risk of chronic diseases.
There are few validated methods of measuring dietary fatty acid intake that are suitable for epidemiological research. The purpose of the present study was to develop and validate a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) developed to measure individual dietary fatty acid intakes against 7 d weighed dietary records, in a sample of thirty-one healthy adult volunteers. The FFQ was based on a previously validated questionnaire (DIETQ; Tinuviel Software, Warrington, Ches., UK), adapted to include greater detail on those foods from which the majority of dietary fatty acids are obtained. The FFQ and weighed records were analysed using food nutrient data from McCance and Widdowson's Food Composition Tables, supplemented with a food fatty acid content database (Foodbase, London, UK). Results from the two dietary assessment methods were compared by correlation coefficients and limits of agreement. The mean intake of individual fatty acids tended to be lower when assessed by FFQ. Correlation coefficients comparing unadjusted individual fatty acid intakes assessed by FFQ and weighed records ranged from 0.29 for 18 : 1n-9 to 0.71 for 20 : 4n-6. Adjusting for energy intake tended to increase the correlation coefficients between saturated fatty acids and decrease those between unsaturated fatty acids. In conclusion, this food-frequency method provides reliable estimates of dietary intake of many individual fatty acids for use in epidemiological studies.
In the context of the Greek segment of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), we conducted a cross-sectional study to examine the effects of the intake of plant foods central in the traditional Mediterranean diet on plasma levels of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lycopene, beta-cryptoxanthin, and lutein-zeaxanthin. Study subjects were a random sample of 45 men and 68 women, aged 30-82 years, from the Greek EPIC cohort of 27,953 volunteers. Linear regression models were fitted, with the carotenoid blood levels as dependent variables. Independent variables were selected food items, as well as body mass index, controlling for energy intake and a set of demographic factors. Body mass index was inversely associated with plasma levels of the studied carotenoids. The association was highly significant for alpha-carotene and beta-carotene, significant for lutein-zeaxanthin, and borderline significant (p approximately 0.07) for lycopene. Tomato intake was significantly positively associated with plasma lycopene, and beta-carotene. Other fruity vegetables and non-fruity vegetables were significantly positively associated, the former with alpha-carotene and the latter with both alpha- and beta-carotene plasma levels. Fruits showed a highly significant positive association with plasma beta-cryptoxanthin, as well as with beta-carotene. No association was found between the intake of olive oil or other added lipids and plasma carotenoids. We conclude that among the studied components of the Mediterranean diet, fruits and vegetables tend to increase levels of some carotenoids, but olive oil has no apparent effect.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess the construct validity of two global assessment questions, the Patient Global Impression of Severity and of Improvement, in female patients with stress urinary incontinence. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of data from two double-blind, placebo-controlled studies that evaluated duloxetine for the treatment of predominant stress urinary incontinence in the United States (n = 1133 patients). Assessment variables included incontinence episode frequency, the Incontinence Quality of Life Questionnaire results, fixed volume (400 mL) stress pad test results, and the Patient Global Impression of Improvement and of Severity question results. RESULTS: Spearman correlation coefficients were 0.36, 0.20, and -0.50 among the Patient Global Impression of Severity question and incontinence episode frequency, stress pad test, and Incontinence Quality of Life Questionnaire results, respectively (all P <.0001). Mean incontinence episode frequency and median stress pad test results increased and mean Incontinence Quality of Life Questionnaire results decreased with increasing Patient Global Impression of Severity question severity levels. Similarly, significant (P <.0001) correlations were observed between the Patient Global Impression of Improvement question response categories and the three independent measures of improvement in stress urinary incontinence (0.49, 0.33, and -0.43 with incontinence episode frequency, stress pad test, and Incontinence Quality of Life Questionnaire results, respectively). As with the Patient Global Impression of Severity question, differences in mean changes for Incontinence Quality of Life Questionnaire and median percent changes for incontinence episode frequency and stress pad test among the Patient Global Impression of Improvement question response categories were highly significant (P <.0001). These relationships indicate appropriate and significant associations between the Patient Global Impression of Severity and of Improvement questions and the three independent measures of stress urinary incontinence severity and improvement, respectively. CONCLUSION: The Patient Global Impression of Severity and of Improvement question responses were correlated significantly with incontinence episode frequency, stress pad test, and Incontinence Quality of Life Questionnaire measures, which established the construct validity of these two global assessment questions for baseline severity and treatment response, respectively. 
This investigation evaluated regional differences in blood flow and oxygen consumption and their relationship in exercised muscle during recovery from exhaustive exercise. Five healthy men performed exhaustive one-legged cycling exercise. Positron emission tomography was used to measure blood flow, oxygen uptake, and oxygen extraction in the quadriceps femoris muscle before and after exercise. Regions of interest included five areas of the muscle (two proximal, one central, and two distal), which were evenly spaced across the muscle. Before exercise, blood flow and oxygen consumption decreased significantly (P < 0.05) in the direction from the proximal to the distal portions; blood flow declined from 2.0 +/- 0.5 to 1.4 +/- 0.3 ml x 100 g-1 x min-1, and oxygen consumption decreased from 0.21 +/- 0.04 to 0.17 +/- 0.02 ml.100 g-1x min-1. In contrast, these gradients in blood flow and oxygen consumption diminished during recovery after exercise. Consequently, there was a positive relationship between changes in blood flow and oxygen consumption in an exercised muscle during recovery after exercise (r = 0.963, P < 0.01). These changes became larger in the direction from proximal to distal portions: blood flow increased from 2.9 +/- 0.7 to 3.9 +/- 0.8 and oxygen consumption from 1.4 +/- 0.1 to 1.8 +/- 0.4 times resting values. These results suggest that hemodynamic variables are heterogeneous within a muscle both at rest and during recovery from exercise and that there is a systematic difference in these variables in the direction from proximal to distal regions within the quadriceps femoris muscle.
BACKGROUND: Previous studies on the effects of alcohol consumption on total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations showed contradictory results. The conflicting results may derive in part from confounding by the type of alcoholic beverage consumed. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate in a predominantly wine-drinking French population whether the relation between alcohol consumption and homocysteine concentrations is dependent on the type of alcoholic beverage consumed. DESIGN: In 1996, a cross-sectional study measuring tHcy and red blood cell folate concentrations was conducted in 1196 middle-aged women and men from the French Supplementation with Antioxidant Vitamins and Minerals Study. Intakes of alcohol, energy, coffee, and B vitamins were assessed by 6 separate 24-h dietary records from the previous year. RESULTS: tHcy concentrations were positively associated with wine intake (P = 0.01) in the women and with beer intake in the men (P = 0.002). No association with the consumption of spirits was observed. The association between beer consumption and tHcy concentrations in the men was modified by the consumption of wine; the association was positive in wine drinkers, whereas an inverse trend was seen in those who drank no wine. CONCLUSION: Wine consumption may increase tHcy concentrations, whereas beer consumption seems to have no effect (or even an inverse effect) on tHcy. 
OBJECTIVE: To describe the performance characteristics and validate a folate-specific focused recall approach to estimating folate intake. DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study, folate-specific recalls were used to estimate subjects' average daily folate intake from seven days of dietary recall over a one-month period. This estimate was compared to an estimate of the average daily folate intake obtained using the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) and to plasma folate and homocysteine concentrations. SUBJECTS: Subjects were women aged 21 to 47 years and were recruited from the university community. Thirty-three subjects were recruited, and 28 subjects completed the study. INTERVENTION: After an initial clinic visit, during which a baseline blood sample was collected for measurement of plasma folate and total homocysteine concentrations, subjects participated in focused dietary recall interviews by telephone and/or Internet (e-mail). At the end of the month, subjects completed the FFQ. Main outcome measures The main outcome measures were to describe how well the focused recalls were able to describe relative dietary folate intake as compared to the FFQ and if the focused recall method estimate correlated with plasma folate and homocysteine concentrations. Statistical analyses Estimated folate intakes were ranked by tertiles using the two dietary assessment approaches and the rankings were compared. The Spearman correlation test was used to compare the focused recall and the FFQ dietary data to plasma folate and homocysteine concentrations. RESULTS: Estimated folate intake inclusive of supplements was 411.4+/-192.8 (mean+/-SD) microg/day based on focused recalls and 458.5+/-221.5 microg/day based on the FFQ. Exclusive of supplements, estimated folate intake from the diet was 327.8+/-30.2 microg/day based on focused recalls and 373.5+/-155.6 microg/day based on the FFQ. The ranking comparison of focused recalls vs the FFQ demonstrated a concordance of 44% without supplements and 67% with supplements for the highest tertile, and 56% without supplements and 67% with supplements for the lowest tertile. Estimated folate intake based on focused recalls was correlated significantly with plasma homocysteine (r=-0.443, P<.02) and was marginally significantly correlated with plasma folate (r=0.354; P=.06) concentrations. APPLICATIONS: A focused dietary recall approach is a useful method for collecting information on folate intake in women. Estimated folate intake based on the focused recall approach is reasonably correlated with plasma folate and total homocysteine concentrations even in this small sample of women. Accurate data on folate intake can form the basis of dietary counseling to increase intake of this important micronutrient in the target population of young women. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine whether estimated net acid excretion (NAE) from two dietary assessment instruments can predict urine pH in healthy volunteers. DESIGN: The Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) study, which was designed to assess dietary measurement error, included men and women aged 40 to 69 years. Participants were asked to complete two food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) and two 24-hour recalls at approximately three-month intervals, and to return two 24-hour urine samples during the same period. NAE was estimated using a previously described equation. The estimates obtained from the different dietary assessment measures were correlated with actual urine pH. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Four hundred eighty-four subjects were enrolled in the OPEN study. All participants were included in this study on urine pH, given that they had all completed at least one dietary assessment and one urine sample. The study took place in Montgomery County, MD, between September 1999 and March 2000. RESULTS: Correlation coefficients between NAE estimates using the FFQ data and the average of two urine pH measures were -0.34 and -0.39 for women and men, respectively. Removing within-person variance in the urine pH levels resulted in a deattenuated overall correlation of -0.50 for the FFQ. Correlations between the 24-hour recall estimates of NAE were -0.41 and -0.32 for women and men, respectively. For the 24-hour recalls, the deattenuated overall correlation was -0.50. APPLICATION/CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that FFQs provide adequate dietary data to estimate renal NAE and could be used as a surrogate for urinary pH levels in large epidemiologic studies. 
Cytochrome p450 3A4 activity displays a wide variability. The urinary 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratio, as a non-invasive assay, can be useful for its pretherapeutic characterization. We developed an HPLC-UV method preceded by liquid-liquid extraction for assessment of this ratio in clinical practice. Urine was collected on second void morning-spot sample. Percentage recoveries were high and reproducible. The 6beta-hydroxycortisol to cortisol ratio ranged from 1.6 to 9.9 in 12 Caucasian healthy volunteers. It was reduced by 30 to 70% after ingestion of white grapefruit juice, a CYP3A4 inhibitor. Our method, simple, sensitive and accurate, could be helpful for determination of CYP 3A4 activity before oral chemotherapy, or for the monitoring of the use of grapefruit juice as a pharmacological modulator.
BACKGROUND: Self-reported information on alcohol from questionnaires is generally assumed to introduce misclassification of consumption, mainly in the direction of underestimation. The aim of this study was to evaluate self-reported information on alcohol consumption from a mailed questionnaire by comparing to a dietary history interview and biochemical markers of alcohol intake. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: For 76 male twin pairs of the Finnish Twin Cohort Study aged 40-70 years information on self-reported alcohol consumption was collected through mailed questionnaire and dietary history interview. Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), Gamma-glutamyltransferase (Gamma-GT) and mean corpuscular volume (MCV) were determined from blood samples. RESULTS: Mean levels of CDT, gamma-GT and MCV showed a rise with increased self-reported alcohol consumption already at low levels of reported consumption (<20 g alcohol/day). There was a positive correlation between reported amount alcohol intake per day and levels of CDT (r = 0.46), gamma-GT (r = 0.32) and MCV (r = 0.36) but within the high consumption group (> or = 30 g/day) there was no such correlation. The questionnaire had sensitivity of 28-43% and specificity of 89% for identification of high consumers of alcohol using the biochemical markers as reference and sensitivity 41% and specificity 94% using the dietary history interview as reference. Sensitivity was improved when information on binge drinking (82%) or possible drinking problems (73%) was considered. CONCLUSION: Comparison to dietary history interview as well as to biochemical markers indicate that self-reported information on alcohol consumption from a mailed questionnaire may be used to distinguish between groups with different levels of alcohol consumption. The suggested misclassification of high consumers implies that only strong associations between high alcohol intake and disease are likely to be detected in studies based on questionnaire data. 
Recent studies have linked maternal consumption of an unbalanced high-protein, low-carbohydrate diet in late pregnancy with raised adult blood pressure in the offspring. Because high-protein diets stimulate the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, we hypothesized that an unbalanced maternal diet might increase maternal cortisol levels, exposing the fetus to excess cortisol and programming lifelong hypersecretion of cortisol. We therefore measured fasting plasma cortisol concentrations in 251 subjects, 28-30 yr old, whose mothers had been advised to eat 0.45 kg of red meat daily during pregnancy and avoid carbohydrate-rich foods. Cortisol concentrations were higher in subjects with lower body mass index (P < 0.0001) and in those who reported recent vigorous activity (P = 0.03) and greater alcohol consumption (P = 0.004). Allowing for gender, current body mass index, activity, and alcohol consumption, cortisol concentrations increased 5.4% per portion of maternal meat/fish consumption per day (P = 0.03), decreased 3.3% per portion of maternal green vegetable consumption per week (P = 0.14), and were 12.2% higher in those born into manual social class families (P = 0.03). The specific advice given to mothers in this study precludes direct application to other populations, but the findings provide the first human evidence that an unbalanced maternal diet during late pregnancy may program lifelong hypercortisolemia in the offspring.
A calibration approach was developed to correct for systematic between-cohort dietary measurement errors in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC), a large multicenter cohort study. To validate the 24-h diet recalls (24-HDRs) as reference measurements for between-cohort calibration, we estimated the agreement between center mean nitrogen (N) and total energy intakes and mean 24-h urinary N. Similar analyses using N and energy intake data from different dietary questionnaires (DQs) used at study baseline were conducted to estimate the effect of the calibration approach. This study was conducted between 1995 and 1999, and involved 1103 volunteers of both genders from 12 centers participating in European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. Pearson's correlation coefficients were weighted for study center sample size. When both genders were considered together (n = 22), the correlation coefficients between the center mean log-transformed urinary estimates and the center mean log-transformed dietary N estimates from the 24-HDRs were 0.86 and 0.94 after exclusion of outliers. The corresponding correlation with the DQs was 0.53. When center mean total energy intakes were regressed on center mean urinary N, the correlation remained slightly higher with 24-HDRs (0.91; 0.95 after exclusion of outliers) than DQs (0.86). When stratified by gender, these correlations were systematically higher in men than women with both dietary methods. The beta regression coefficients were not significantly different from 1 when mean N (or total energy intakes) from 24-HDR or DQ were regressed on urinary estimates, except with N from 24-HDRs in men and, in most cases, after adjustment for age, body mass index, and sex with both genders together. This suggests that overall the systematic bias across centers is of uniform magnitude. Although relatively high correlations were observed between urinary N and both dietary methods in men, the errors in DQs tend to vary in both directions (under- and over-reporting) in contrast with 24-HDRs in women. This observation may have implications on the dietary measurement error characteristics and support the potential benefit of between-cohort calibration.
OBJECTIVE: This research was designed to study the diet, lipid profile, and metabolic and body indices of type II diabetic and non-diabetic subjects among American white and black and Ghanaian populations. METHODS: Fifty-one type II diabetic and non-diabetic volunteers were recruited through medical clinics. Data collected included food intake and anthropometric measurement. Blood samples were taken for glucose and serum lipid analyses. Serum non-esterified fatty acids, very low-density lipoproteins, low-density lipoproteins, high-density lipoproteins, total cholesterol, and triacylglycerols levels were measured. RESULTS: The Ghanaian subjects had lower body mass indexes than did the American white and black subjects (P < 0.01), although they recorded the highest carbohydrate intake. Dietary fat intake was not significantly correlated with body fat level or body mass index among the different observational groups. The serum ratio of saturated to polyunsaturated fat was higher in all diabetics than in controls and higher in Ghanaians than in Americans. Total cholesterol, triacylglycerols, and lipoproteins were within normal ranges for diabetic and non-diabetic subjects. The ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was slightly elevated among the white diabetics (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The data showed a higher metabolism of carbohydrate for energy in the Ghanaian group than in the other groups. In addition, fat metabolism may differ between Americans and Ghanaians. For many variables, black Americans were more similar to white Americans than to Ghanaians. These observations imply that cultural factors may contribute more than ethnic origin to the etiology of diabetes. 
OBJECTIVES: There is considerable controversy regarding the effects of fat substitutes (such as the non-caloric fat substitute, olestra) on Americans' diet and health. This report gives associations of olestra consumption (in savory snacks) with changes in nutrient intake, serum lipid concentrations, and body weight 1 y after these snacks became available nationally in the United States. METHODS: Participants were 1178 adults recruited from three large U.S. cities. At baseline (before the availability of olestra), participants attended a clinic visit and completed questionnaires (including a food-frequency questionnaire), provided fasting blood samples, and had height and weight measured. The clinic visit was repeated about 1 y later, after the introduction of olestra-containing snacks in the marketplace. Olestra consumption was categorized as "none," "very low" (>0 to <0.4 g/d), "low" (>/=0.4 to <2.0 g/d), and "moderate/high" (>/=2.0 g/d). RESULTS: Twenty-five percent of participants reported consuming olestra-containing savory snacks in the preceding month, but only 2% were categorized as moderate/high consumers. Men reported nearly twice as much olestra consumption as women (1.22 versus 0.68 g/d, P = 0.01). Among moderate/high olestra consumers, total energy and carbohydrate intakes increased by 209 kcal/d and 37 g/d, compared with decreases of 87 kcal/d and 14 g/d, respectively, among non-consumers (both Ps for trend = 0.01), corresponding to non-significant changes in percentages of energy from carbohydrate and total fat. Olestra consumption was not associated with statistically significant changes in serum lipids or body weight. CONCLUSIONS: This study found very modest changes in total diet, but no changes in serum lipids or body weight, associated with consumption of olestra-containing savory snacks. However, the low use of olestra by the study sample limited the ability of this study to detect significant effects. 
BACKGROUND AND AIM: In order to investigate gender differences in health indices, dietary intakes and obesity in urban Iranian adults, we considered a sub-sample of the adult population of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. METHODS AND RESULTS: The randomly selected sub-sample consisted of 483 subjects aged 25-50 years (229 men and 254 women) and 153 aged more than 50 years (81 men and 72 women). Their anthropometrical variables were recorded, and their body mass index (BMI) and waist/hip ratio were calculated. Dietary intake was assessed by means of two-day dietary recall and the completion of dietary habit questionnaires during face-to-face interviews. Underreporting was defined as a ratio of energy intake (EI)/basal metabolic rate (BMR) < 1.27. The mean BMI of the women in both age groups was significantly higher than that of the men (p < 0.05). Central obesity was more frequent in the women and among older subjects. The women had higher plasma concentrations of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, but lower levels of total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Underreporting of EI was more frequent in the women than the men: 34.0% vs 15.4% in the younger group, and 40.3% vs 17.3% in the older group (p < 0.01). There were major gender differences in the mean daily intakes of energy, protein, carbohydrate, fat, fibre, cholesterol, iron, calcium and phosphorus. A higher proportion of women met the cholesterol intake guidelines. Data from the dietary habit questionnaires showed that more men than women usually sprinkle salt on their food. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study partially support the hypothesis of gender differences in dietary intakes, and the prevalence of obesity and some health-related indices, and suggest the need for gender-specific, targeted nutrition messages and behavioural interventions in developing prevention strategies for cardiovascular risk factors. 
BACKGROUND: Consumption of fruit and vegetables is associated with improved health and a decreased prevalence of chronic degenerative processes. OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to assess the bioavailability of vitamin C from orange juice and its influence on plasma vitamin C and 8-epi-prostaglandin F(2 alpha) (8-epi-PGF(2 alpha)) concentrations in a healthy human population. DESIGN: Six men and 6 women consumed 500 mL commercial fresh-squeezed orange juice/d for 14 d, corresponding to an intake of 250 mg ascorbic acid/d. On the first day of the study, the subjects drank the juice in one dose (dose-response study), and on days 2-14 they consumed 250 mL in the morning and 250 mL in the afternoon. Blood was collected every hour for 6 h on the first day and again on days 7 and 14. RESULTS: Baseline plasma vitamin C concentrations were significantly higher (P = 0.03) among the women than among the men (56.4 +/- 4.4 compared with 44.3 +/- 3.5 micromol/L). In the dose-response study, the maximum increase in plasma vitamin C occurred 3 h postdose in both the men and the women. Vitamin C concentrations remained significantly higher on days 7 and 14 than at baseline. Baseline concentrations of 8-epi-PGF(2 alpha) were significantly higher (P = 0.03) among the men than among the women (249.6 +/- 25.4 compared with 177.7 +/- 6.2 pg/mL) but decreased significantly (P = 0.04) by day 14 of the intervention. A significant inverse correlation was observed between vitamin C and 8-epi-PGF(2 alpha) (r = -0.791, P = 0.0022). Among smokers, baseline vitamin C was lower and 8-epi-PGF(2 alpha) higher than among nonsmokers. CONCLUSIONS: Drinking orange juice (500 mL/d) increases plasma concentrations of vitamin C and reduces concentrations of 8-epi-PGF(2 alpha) in humans. These effects were significantly more pronounced in smokers. 
STUDY OBJECTIVES: In February and March 2000, 4 adult emergency care patients were identified with potentially lethal lead toxicity at Grady Memorial Hospital, an urban Atlanta, GA, hospital. All were moonshine drinkers, prompting concern that lead exposure from moonshine was underrecognized in this setting. METHODS: We conducted a 2-phased, nested, cross-sectional study throughout a 14-day period in the emergency care center of Grady Memorial Hospital. The prevalence phase consisted of demographic data collection, eligibility screening, and a brief interview pertaining to alcohol and moonshine consumption. During the nested phase, a full interview and blood lead analyses were conducted on all consenting moonshine drinkers and a time-matched comparison group of non-moonshine drinkers. RESULTS: In the prevalence phase, of 581 patients interviewed, 8.6% reported consuming moonshine in the past 5 years. Moonshine drinkers were predominantly men between the ages of 40 and 59 years. In the nested phase, the median blood lead levels among moonshine drinkers and nondrinkers were 11.0 microg/dL (0.531 micromol/L) and 2.5 microg/dL (0.121 micromol/L), respectively. Moonshine drinkers were significantly more likely to have blood lead levels of 10 microg/dL (0.483 micromol/L) or greater (odds ratio [OR] 10.94; 95% confidence interval 3.76 to 31.85). Patients who consumed moonshine in the previous week were significantly more likely to have a blood lead level of 10 microg/dL (0.483 micromol/L) or greater than were individuals who reported less recent consumption. Patients who consumed moonshine more than once a month were significantly more likely to have a blood lead level of 10 microg/dL (0.483 micromol/L) or greater than were those reporting less frequent use. Moonshine users were more likely to report heavy alcohol use. CONCLUSION: Moonshine consumption was more prevalent than expected in our patient population and was strongly associated with elevated blood lead levels, particularly among recent moonshine drinkers. 
Different food production methods may result in differences in the content of secondary metabolites such as polyphenolic compounds. The present study compared conventionally (CPD) and organically produced (OPD) diets in a human crossover intervention study (n = 16) with respect to the intake and excretion of five selected flavonoids and effect on markers of oxidative defense. The urinary excretion of quercetin and kaempferol was higher after 22 days of intake of the OPD when compared to the CPD (P < 0.05). The excretions of flavonoids in urine as a percentage of intake (0.6-4%) were similar after both interventions. Most markers of antioxidative defense did not differ between the diets, but intake of OPD resulted in an increased protein oxidation and a decreased total plasma antioxidant capacity compared to baseline (P < 0.05). Some varietal difference was seen in the study, and because selection of more resistant varieties is of central importance to organic farming, it cannot be excluded that the observed effects originate from these differences. The food production method affected the content of the major flavonoid, quercetin, in foods and also affected urinary flavonoids and markers of oxidation in humans.
BACKGROUND: The purpose of the study was to estimate dietary intake of folate in two groups of women from different economic backgrounds and to evaluate validity of the 5-day-weighed food registry (5-d-WFR) and Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) using biological markers. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in two samples of urban Mexican women: one represented the middle socioeconomic status (middle SES) and the other, low socioeconomic status (low SES). Middle SES included 34 women recruited from 1998 to 1999. Participants were between the ages of 18 and 32 years and were employed in the banking industry (middle SES) in the US-Mexican border city of Tijuana, Baja California. Low SES included 70 women between the ages of 18 and 35 years recruited during the year 2000. These women were receiving care at a primary health care center in Ensenada, Baja California Norte State, Mexico (low SES). Pearson correlations were calculated between folate intake among 5-day diet registry, FFQ, and biochemical indices. FFQ reproducibility was performed by Spearman correlation of each food item daily and of weekly intake. RESULTS: Average folate intake in middle SES from 5-d-WFR was 210 microg +/- 171. Fifty four percent of participants had intakes <200 microg/daily. Average folate intake from FFQ was 223 +/- 78 microg/day. Pearson correlation between log transformed and within individually adjusted 5-d-WFR folate intakes and serum folate was 0.40 (p=0.02). DISCUSSION: Mexican women of reproductive age living in the US-Mexican border State of Baja California are at very high risk of NTDs as a result of low folate intake and low serum folate and RBC folate concentrations. 
OBJECTIVE: Medium-chain triglyceride (MCT) consumption has been shown to increase energy expenditure (EE) and lead to greater losses of the adipose tissue in animals and humans. The objective of this research was to examine the relationship between body composition and thermogenic responsiveness to MCT treatment. DESIGN: Randomized, crossover, controlled feeding trial, with diets rich in either MCT or long-chain triglyceride (LCT) (as olive oil) for periods of 4 weeks each. SUBJECTS: A total of 19 healthy overweight men aged (x+/-s.e.m.) 44.5+/-2.5 y with a body mass index of 27.8+/-0.5 kg/m(2). MEASUREMENTS: EE and body composition were measured using indirect calorimetry and magnetic resonance imaging, respectively, at the baseline and end point of each feeding period. EE was measured for 30 min before consumption of a standard meal and for 5.5 h following the meal. RESULTS: Body weight (BW) decreased (P<0.05) by 1.03+/-0.25 kg with MCT consumption compared to 0.62+/-0.29 kg with LCT consumption. The difference in average EE between MCT and LCT consumptions was related to initial BW, such that men with lower initial BW had a greater rise in EE with MCT consumption relative to LCT on day 28 (r=-0.472, P=0.04) but not day 2 (r=-0.368, P=0.12). Similar results were obtained with fat oxidation on day 28 (r=-0.553, P=0.01). The greater rise in fat oxidation with MCT compared to LCT consumption on day 2 tended to be related to greater loss of BW after MCT vs LCT consumption (r=-0.4075, P=0.08). CONCLUSION: These data suggest that shunting of dietary fat towards oxidation results in diminished fat storage, as reflected by the loss of BW and subcutaneous adipose tissue. Furthermore, MCT consumption may stimulate EE and fat oxidation to a lower extent in men of greater BW compared to men of lower BW, indicative of the lower responsiveness to a rapidly oxidized fat by overweight men.International 
BACKGROUND: The increase in allergic diseases is still unexplained. It was hypothesized that the intake of unsaturated fatty acids is a contributing cause of this development. We investigated the relationship between serum cholesterol levels, intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and manifestations of atopy in a population-based setting. METHODS: A nested case-control study was performed within the population of the 3rd MONICA survey in Augsburg (Germany). The serum levels of total, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol of 1537 adults (aged 28-78 years, response 61.4%) and the estimated intake of PUFA in a subset of 139 men were compared with the frequency of a doctor's diagnosis of asthma, allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (AR), atopic eczema (AE) and allergic sensitization as measured by skin prick and Radio Allergo Sorbent Test. FINDINGS: In bivariate analyses, we obtained a negative linear association between total and LDL cholesterol levels and the frequency of AR and sensitization, which was no longer significant after adjustment for important confounders. In contrast, positive linear associations were found between HDL cholesterol levels and AR and AE and, furthermore, between the intake of PUFA and allergic sensitization in men (P<0.01). After adjustment, an increasing risk for atopic diseases with increasing levels of HDL cholesterol and an increasing risk for allergic sensitization with increasing intakes of PUFA remained statistically significant. INTERPRETATION: There is indication that HDL cholesterol also plays a role in the complex interaction of fat intake, metabolism and the manifestation of atopy in adults. These findings may contribute to the understanding of time trends and regional differences of allergies. 
Dietary strategies to prevent and treat osteoporosis focus on increased intake of calcium and vitamin D. Modification of whole dietary patterns and sodium reduction may also be effective. We examined the effects of two dietary patterns and three sodium levels on bone and calcium metabolism in a randomized feeding study. A total of 186 adults, aged 23-76 y, participated. After a 2-wk run-in period, participants were assigned randomly to diets containing three levels of sodium (50, 100 and 150 mmol/d) to be consumed for 30 d in random order. Serum osteocalcin (OC), C-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX), fasting serum parathyroid hormone (PTH), urinary sodium, potassium, calcium and cAMP were measured at baseline and at the end of each sodium period. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet reduced serum OC by 8-11% and CTX by 16-18% (both P < 0.001). Urinary calcium excretion did not differ between subjects that consumed the DASH and control diets. Reducing sodium from the high to the low level significantly decreased serum OC 0.6 microg/L in subjects that consumed the DASH diet, fasting serum PTH 2.66 ng/L in control subjects and urinary calcium 0.5 mmol/24 h in both groups. There were no consistent effects of the diets or sodium levels on urinary cAMP. In conclusion, the DASH diet significantly reduced bone turnover, which if sustained may improve bone mineral status. A reduced sodium intake reduced calcium excretion in both diet groups and serum OC in the DASH group. The DASH diet and reduced sodium intake may have complementary, beneficial effects on bone health.
Results from several studies have suggested that vitamin E intake could inhibit the progression of atherosclerotic lesions. Therefore, this study was designed to evaluate Costa Rican adolescents' serum alpha-tocopherol levels and their correlation with Body Mass Index (BMI) and the dietary intake of vitamin E and saturated and polyunsaturated fat. Ninety-five healthy, non-smoking adolescents and non-vitamin supplement users (aged 13-18) from urban and rural areas in San Jos, Costa Rica, were included in this study. Serum levels of lipid adjusted alpha-tocopherol were significantly higher in rural adolescents compared with urban youngsters (4.192 mumol/mmol +/- 0.831 and 3.486 mumol/mmol +/- 0.996, respectively). Likewise, reported mean daily 1000 kcal adjusted-vitamin E intake was higher in rural adolescents than in urban youngsters (9.2 +/- 3.7 mg. 16.0 +/- 8.7 mg). An important correlation was observed between intake of energy from saturated fat and adjusted-alpha-tocopherol serum levels (r = 0.430). Contrariwise, they correlated poorly with dietary alpha-tocopherol (r = 0.273), suggesting that serum is not a good biomarket of intake for alpha-tocopherol. Additionally, our results showed a negative relationship between BMI and adjusted-serum vitamin E levels (beta = 0.189; CI 95% -0.153, -0.013). The analysis of vitamin E intake showed that over 25% of adolescents have inadequate intake of the nutrient. This study suggests that nutritionists and pediatricians should encourage alpha-tocopherol intake and monitor the food sources of the nutrient and the adolescents' body weight as part of the strategies aimed at developing a healthy lifestyle.
PURPOSE: The impact of treatment on the health related quality of life (HRQOL) of patients is being recognized with increasing importance, particularly in those with urological malignancies. However, a validated disease and treatment specific instrument to assess HRQOL following radical cystectomy (RC) and urinary diversion (UD) is currently lacking. We report the results of a new questionnaire designed specifically to measure HRQOL in these patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A 45-item questionnaire consisting of the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy (FACT)-General and 17 additional items designed to measure disease and treatment specific health outcomes were combined to form the Vanderbilt Cystectomy Index (FACT-VCI). FACT-VCI and the generic RAND 36-Item Health Survey (SF-36) were administered to 50 patients from our institution RC data base who were more than 1 year from the time of surgery. Each patient was asked to complete the survey at 1 and 4 weeks. The results of the SF-36 and FACT-VCI were correlated along with the first and second administration of the FACT-VCI. RESULTS: Overall FACT-VCI was found to have adequate internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha >0.70). Furthermore, intraclass correlation for the first and second administration of the VCI was 0.79. In addition, there was good correlation between the validated SF-36 and FACT-VCI (r = 0.81). The result was initial validation of a questionnaire for the assessment of HRQOL in patients following RC and UD. CONCLUSIONS: Instruments designed to measure accurately HRQOL following RC and UD are in early development. We have now constructed and validated a disease and treatment specific questionnaire that can objectively assess HRQOL following RC and UD. A prospective longitudinal study of FACT-VCI is currently ongoing. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine associations of biomarkers of nutrient intake with overall diet quality. SUBJECTS: A convenience sample of 102 healthy postmenopausal women in Seattle, Washington (USA). DESIGN AND METHOD: Participants attended a study centre where they provided fasting blood specimens and completed a 122-item validated food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Data from the FFQ were used to calculate Diet Quality Index (DQI) scores and categorise women as having diets of excellent, good, fair or poor quality. The blood specimens were analysed for nine phospholipid fatty acids (as percentage of total) and serum concentrations of vitamin C, alpha-tocopherol, gamma-tocopherol, vitamin B12, folate and six carotenoids. Multivariate linear regression was used to model associations of the nutrient biomarkers with DQI scores. RESULTS: Compared with women with poor-quality diets, women with excellent diets, as measured by the DQI, had higher plasma concentrations of vitamin C (P for trend=0.01), alpha-tocopherol (P for trend=0.02) and beta-cryptoxanthin (P for trend=0.03). Women with excellent diets also had lower proportions of plasma phospholipid fatty acids of two potentially atherogenic fatty acids: stearic acid (P for trend=0.01) and behenic acid (P for trend=0.03). A group of six biomarkers explained a moderate proportion of the total variability in DQI scores (36%). CONCLUSIONS: These objective measures of dietary intake support the use of the DQI as a useful tool to measure dietary patterns. 
This longitudinal study evaluated bone turnover and the interrelationship between changes in bone biomarkers and habitual dietary calcium intake during pregnancy in a group of women ranging widely with regard to dietary calcium intake. Thirty-nine healthy pregnant and 30 nonpregnant women were studied. Calcium, phosphorus, 1alpha,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25diHOD), bone alkaline phosphatase (bALP), carboxyterminal propeptides of type I procollagen (PICP) and carboxyterminal telopeptides of type I collagen (betaCTX and ICTP) were measured in serum and calcium, and creatinine and aminoterminal telopeptide (NTX) were determined in urine. Serum calcium and phosphorus did not change but the urinary Ca/Creat ratio and 1,25diHOD increased throughout pregnancy (P < 0.001 and P < 0.0001, respectively). Serum b-ALP and PICP increased during the last two trimesters (P < 0.0001 and P < 0.001, respectively). All studied bone resorption markers increased compared to nonpregnant values throughout pregnancy. The highest increment was observed in the third trimester. The level of significance decreased as follows: betaCTX > NTX >ICTP. Serum 1,25 diHOD versus calcium intake showed a positive and significant correlation (r = 0.51, P < 0.02). A negative correlation between the absolute change in betaCTX, NTX, and b-ALP between the third and second trimester and calcium intake at the end of pregnancy was observed in pregnant women who did not cover adequately calcium intake requirements (r = -0.47, P < 0.03; r = -0.41, P < 0.05; and r = -0.43, P < 0.05, respectively). These results suggest that skeletal response to pregnancy may not be entirely independent of maternal calcium intake, especially in women with usually low calcium intake. In summary, not only hormonal changes in calcium metabolism that occur during pregnancy but also other considerations, such as low dietary calcium intake, may lead to an increment in the biological activity of the skeleton. Additional studies must be conducted to confirm our findings and to gain a better understanding of skeletal response to a low calcium intake during pregnancy.
Isothiocyanates (ITC), glucosinolate hydrolysis products from Brussels sprouts (BS) and other cruciferous vegetables, are considered to protect the body from cancer by induction of detoxification enzymes such as quinone reductase (QR). Urinary N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC) conjugates of ITC have been proposed as biomarkers of crucifer intake. Here we asked if dietary intake and induction of detoxification enzymes are dose-related to urinary NAC conjugate appearance. Male F344 rats (4/group) received an AIN 76B-40 diet containing 0, 10 or 20% freeze-dried BS for 6 days. A human subject ingested 500 g BS. Urinary AITC-NAC was identified in human and rat urine. Ten and 20% BS diets caused a 1.4- and 2.3-fold induction of QR in the pancreas, a 1.5- and 2.5-fold induction in liver and a 3.1- and 3.6-fold induction in colonic epithelium, respectively. Liver and pancreatic QR induction was dose-related, whereas induction of QR in colon was less different between the two doses. Excretion of the conjugate was dose-related only on day 1, and unrelated to dose after day 2. These results suggest that urinary NAC-AITC is a qualitative biomarker for ingestion and bioactivity of BS, but that it may not be dose-related when rats are fed continuously for 2 or more days.
BACKGROUND: Dietary intervention is one of the important fields in cancer and cardiovascular disease prevention. The Hiraka Dietary Intervention Study is a community-based randomized cross-over trial designed to develop an effective dietary modification tool and system in an area with high mortality of stomach cancer and stroke. METHODS: The subjects were 550 healthy volunteers and were randomized into two groups with tailored dietary education to decrease sodium intake and to increase vitamin C and carotene intakes either in the first year (intervention group) or in the second year (control group). Dietary changes were assessed using a validated self-administered diet history questionnaire, fasting blood samples, and 48-hour urine samples, which were obtained before and after the one year period. RESULTS: During the first year, changes differed significantly between the intervention and control group for both dietary sodium intake (-384 and +255 mg/day, intervention and control respectively, p < 0.001) and urinary sodium excretion (-1003 and -84 mg/day, p < 0.001). Although favorable net changes were also observed in dietary carotene (+418 and +220 mug/day, p < 0.05) and vitamin C (+13 and +2 mg/day, p < 0.05), the serum level differences were modest (+13 and -25 mg/L, p = 0.09 for carotene, +0.1 and -0.5 mg/L, p = 0.07 for ascorbic acid). CONCLUSION: The present dietary intervention strategy effectively decreased sodium and increased carotene and vitamin C intakes, although the former was more distinct. 
During the past several decades in the United States, there has been a shift in dietary habits, with an increased consumption of processed foods that are high in sodium. It is known that calcium and sodium metabolism are linked and that higher sodium intakes may increase calcium excretion. Epidemiological studies in patients with idiopathic hypercalciuria suggest that hypercalciuria is linked to low bone mass. However, the relationship of sodium intake to bone mineral density (BMD) is controversial in Caucasians and has not been explored in African-Americans. To determine the consequences of sodium intake on bone in African-American and Caucasian postmenopausal women, sodium and calcium excretion and BMD of the total hip were measured in 50 Caucasian and 39 African-American postmenopausal women. After adjustment for race and urine volume, sodium excretion was a significant predictor of calcium excretion (P < 0.01). This relationship was modulated by calcium intake (P < 0.01), but not by race (P = 0.63). There was no significant effect of sodium excretion (P = 0.42) or calcium excretion (P = 0.90) on BMD of the total hip after adjusting for race and urine volume. Sodium excretion is a significant predictor of calcium excretion in both postmenopausal African-American and Caucasian women. The relationship between sodium and calcium excretion is modulated by calcium intake, and the relationship is strongest at low calcium intakes (< or =1000 mg/day). However, sodium excretion in the range of 53.75-283.33 mmole/g/total volume (mmole/g/TV) is not a significant predictor of total hip BMD in elderly African-American and Caucasian postmenopausal women.
Classification and regression tree methods represent a potentially powerful means of identifying patterns in exposure data that may otherwise be overlooked. Here, regression tree models are developed to identify associations between blood concentrations of benzene and lead and over 300 variables of disparate type (numerical and categorical), often with observations that are missing or below the quantitation limit. Benzene and lead are selected from among all the environmental agents measured in the NHEXAS Region V study because they are ubiquitous, and they serve as paradigms for volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and heavy metals, two classes of environmental agents that have very different properties. Two sets of regression models were developed. In the first set, only environmental and dietary measurements were employed as predictor variables, while in the second set these were supplemented with demographic and time-activity data. In both sets of regression models, the predictor variables were regressed on the blood concentrations of the environmental agents. Jack-knife cross-validation was employed to detect overfitting of the models to the data. Blood concentrations of benzene were found to be associated with: (a) indoor air concentrations of benzene; (b) the duration of time spent indoors with someone who was smoking; and (c) the number of cigarettes smoked by the subject. All these associations suggest that tobacco smoke is a major source of exposure to benzene. Blood concentrations of lead were found to be associated with: (a) house dust concentrations of lead; (b) the duration of time spent working in a closed workshop; and (c) the year in which the subject moved into the residence. An unexpected finding was that the regression trees identified time-activity data as better predictors of the blood concentrations than the measurements in environmental and dietary media.
A cross-sectional study was conducted to clarify the associations of lifestyle factors (habitual exercise, alcohol intake and smoking habit) and plasma fatty acid (FA) concentrations as biomarkers of dietary FA intakes. We collected 7-d weighed diet records, lifestyle information and blood samples from 15 male and 79 female Japanese dietitians, and estimated dietary FA intakes and analyzed plasma FA concentrations. Plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and (n-3) highly unsaturated FA (HUFA) derived from marine foods, but not linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid from plant origins, demonstrated positive correlations with dietary intakes (r = 0.303-0.602, P < 0.05) in both genders. Multiple linear regression analyses adjusted for age, BMI, total energy intake, fat (or respective FA) consumption and lifestyle factors showed that dietary intakes of EPA, DHA and (n-3) HUFA were positively associated with age in men (P < 0.05) and negatively associated with BMI in women [P < 0.01 for DHA and (n-3) HUFA]. The plasma concentrations of EPA, DHA and (n-3) HUFA in women were found to be positively associated with age and marine oil (or respective FA) intake (P < 0.01), and negatively associated with total energy intake [P < 0.05 for EPA and (n-3) HUFA]. Lifestyle factors were not associated with dietary FA intakes and plasma FA concentrations. These findings suggest that the plasma concentrations of EPA, DHA and (n-3) HUFA might be useful biomarkers for the assessment of relative FA intakes without considering associations with habitual exercise, alcohol intake and smoking habit.
The purpose of this study was to assess the contribution of the apolipoprotein E (apoE) polymorphism and factors, such as age and waist circumference, to variations in plasma low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) response following ad libitum consumption of a diet rich in complex carbohydrates (high-CHO: 58% of energy as CHO) versus a diet rich in fat and monounsaturated fatty acids (high-MUFA: fat, 40% of energy and 22% as MUFA). Sixty-five men participated in this parallel 6- to 7-week study involving either a high-CHO or a high-MUFA diet. Fasting plasma lipid profile and anthropometry were determined at the beginning and at the end of the dietary period. The high-CHO and high-MUFA diets both induced significant (P<.01) and comparable reductions in body weight and waist circumference. These changes were associated with a significant (P<.01) and comparable decrease in LDL-C (-19% and -16%, respectively). Stepwise multiple regression analyses showed that 32% of the variation in the LDL-C response to the high-CHO diet was attributable to the apoE polymorphism (18.5%, P=.04) and waist circumference (13.5%, P=.03) indicating that men with a waist circumference greater than 100 cm and the E2 allele had the greatest reduction in plasma LDL-C after the high-CHO diet. On the other hand, in the high-MUFA group, waist circumference was the only significant contributing factor to the LDL-C response and accounted for 44.5% of its variance. In conclusion, the plasma LDL-C response to ad libitum comsumption of a high-CHO and a high-MUFA diets are not modulated to the same extent by the apoE polymorphism and waist circumference.
We examined serum leptin levels in a controlled feeding and alcohol ingestion study to elucidate potential mechanisms by which alcohol may affect cancer and immunologically related health risks. A total of 53 healthy, nonsmoking postmenopausal women completed a random-order, three-period crossover design study in which each woman received zero (0 g of alcohol), one (15 g of alcohol), or two (30 g alcohol) drinks per day. After accounting for differences in body mass index, women who consumed 15 or 30 g of alcohol per day had 7.3% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 3.0% to 15.1%) and 8.9% (95% CI = 1.6% to 16.7%) higher serum leptin levels, respectively (P(trend) =.018), than women who consumed 0 g of alcohol per day. Younger women (i.e., 49-54 years) demonstrated a statistically significantly larger association of alcohol consumption level with the increase in serum leptin levels than older women (i.e., 55-79 years) (24.4%, 95% CI = 9.3% to 42.0% versus 3.7%, 95% CI = -4.1% to 12.1% increase in serum leptin levels for 30 g of alcohol per day relative to 0 g of alcohol per day for the lowest age quartile compared with the three highest age quartiles combined; P =.022). These results indicate that moderate alcohol consumption (15-30 g of alcohol per day) increases serum leptin levels in postmenopausal women and may predispose moderate drinkers to the morbidities associated with chronic elevations of this hormone including cancer.
In Tanzania, as in other developing countries, dietary intake of nutrients in pregnant women is marginal or lower than the recommended intakes and therefore these women are at high risk for deficiencies. Our aim was to evaluate the relationship between diet and plasma levels of retinol, carotenoids, and alpha-tocopherol in the third trimester of pregnancy. Ninety pregnant women aged between 18 and 45 years were equally recruited from three villages. Seven-day food frequency data was collected by questionnaire. Plasma levels of retinol, carotenoids, and tocopherols were assessed by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Results indicated that cooked green leafy vegetables constituted the major source of provitamin A carotenoids, with low intake of yellow/orange fruits and preformed vitamin A. Lutein, lycopene, and beta-carotene were the predominant carotenoids in the plasma with mean values of 1.61, 0.84, and 0.63 mumol/L, respectively. There was no significant correlation between frequencies of vegetable consumption and either plasma retinol or carotenoids. However, increased consumption of green leafy vegetables with oil, which increases bioavailability, was correlated with high plasma retinol levels (p = 0.03). Low retinol levels (< or = 0.70 mumol/L) were present in 26% of women. The mean plasma retinol concentration was 0.89 mumol/L and 63% of the women had values below 1.05 mumol/L. The mean plasma alpha-tocopherol concentration was 15.4 mumol/L and women with plasma retinol concentration > 1.05 mumol/L had significantly higher mean alpha-tocopherol than women with plasma retinol concentration < or = 0.70 mumol/L (p < or = 0.01). Twenty-four percent of the women were anemic (hemoglobin: Hb < 110 g/L) and the mean Hb value was 116.3 g/L.
This study was performed to clarify how dietary fiber (DF) with different viscosities would be associated with dietary RNA metabolism. Male Wistar strain rats, four weeks old, were fed diets containing a 3% (w/w) yeast RNA and a 5% (w/w) viscous DF for five days. Viscosity of DF samples used, in order of strength, were xanthan gum (XG) > guar gum (GG) > locust bean gum (LBG) > karaya gum (KG) > pectin (PE) = arabic gum (AG) > CM-cellulose (CMC) = inulin (IN). The serum uric acid concentration in the viscous DF groups significantly decreased as compared with that in the cellulose (CL) group. The urinary excretions of uric acid and allantoin in the respective groups given AG, GG, IN, KG, PE, and XG were significantly suppressed as compared with those in the CL group. The fecal RNA excretion was markedly increased in the IN, KG, PE, and XG groups in comparison to the CL group. The DF with high viscosity significantly suppressed RNA digestion by RNase A and decreased uptakes of 14C-labeled adenosine and adenosine 5'-monophosphate (5'-AMP) in rat jejunum. The results reveal that the suppressive effect of DF on elevation of serum uric acid concentration induced by dietary RNA in rats is associated with the strength of DF viscosity. The mechanism by which this is accomplished is suggested to be attributed to the inhibitions of digestion for dietary RNA and/or absorption of the hydrolyzed compounds.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the serum fatty acid composition, serum cholesterol levels, and dietary fat intake associated with body composition in primary school children of both urban and rural regions in Taiwan. DESIGN: Subjects were randomly stratified by region and primary school. The sample consisted of 870 children aged 10 and 11 y old. The sample was equally distributed between an urban region (Kaohsiung City) and a rural region (Yunlin County). The gender ratio of samples from each area was matched. Food record-assisted 24-h dietary recalls and serum lipid measurements were collected for each child, and associations between serum total cholesterol (TC) and fatty acids composition as well as between body mass index (BMI) and triceps skinfold (TSF) were evaluated for both urban and rural regions. RESULTS: Compared with students in the urban region, those in the rural region had significantly lower total fat intake, BMI, TSF, TC, and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) and higher HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) (P<0.05). Increased total fat (P<0.05) as a proportion of total energy was associated with increased TC and LDL-C. Lauric, myristic, and oleic acid levels in the serum of urban boys were significantly higher (P=0.0001, 0.0003, and 0.0398, respectively) than those of rural boys. In girls, the different fatty acid compositions affected TC concentrations, and palmitic and stearic acids of serum in the high-TC group were significantly lower (P=0.0179 and 0.0001, respectively) than those in the low-TC group. CONCLUSIONS: Urban children had a dietary fat intake that both quantitatively and qualitatively differed from the traditional rural Chinese diet in Taiwan as reflected in rural children. Consumption of total fat was positively associated with BMI, TSF, TC, and LDL-C levels in Taiwanese children aged 10 and 11 y. SPONSORSHIP: This study was partly sponsored by a research grant from the Department of Health, Taiwan, ROC. 
BACKGROUND: Dietary intake of linolenic acid is associated with a decreased risk of cardiovascular disease mortality. However, the mechanisms by which dietary linolenic acid affects cardiovascular disease risk are not clearly understood. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between dietary linolenic acid and plasma triacylglycerol concentrations. DESIGN: In a cross-sectional design, we studied 4440 white subjects (2036 men and 2404 women) aged 25-93 y who participated in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study. We used generalized linear models to estimate adjusted mean triacylglycerol concentrations according to categories of total dietary linolenic acid (alpha- and gamma-linolenic acid) intake. RESULTS: The mean dietary linolenic acid intakes were 0.81 and 0.69 g/d for the men and the women, respectively. High consumption of dietary linolenic acid was associated with young age; high intakes of energy, fat, carbohydrates, fruit, vegetables, and fish; low HDL cholesterol; current smoking; and frequent consumption of creamy salad dressing. High consumption of dietary linolenic acid was also associated with low plasma triacylglycerol concentrations. From the lowest to the highest quintile of linolenic acid intake, the multivariate-adjusted mean triacylglycerol concentrations were 1.75 (95% CI: 1.65, 1.85), 1.74 (1.66, 1.82), 1.69 (1.61, 1.77), 1.66 (1.58, 1.74), and 1.54 (1.44, 1.64) mmol/L, respectively (P for linear trend = 0.007). When linolenic acid was used as a continuous variable, the corresponding regression coefficient was -0.2811 (-0.4922, -0.07001). CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of total linolenic acid is inversely related to plasma triacylglycerol concentrations in both white men and white women. This suggests a pathway by which dietary linolenic acid might reduce cardiovascular disease risk. 
The present study was carried out to ascertain whether linoleic acid intake and the content of this fatty acid in adipose tissue are correlated in cats. The linoleic acid intake, as estimated from a food intake questionnaire, was indeed correlated with the linoleic acid content of the abdominal body fat in 165 adult, female cats. A statistically significant linear correlation coefficient of 0.43 was found between the percentage of linoleic acid in the adipose tissue and that in the diet. It is plausible that the observed acid content of adipose tissue of free-living cats may be considered to be a valid biomarker of linoleic acid intake that might be used in studies on diet and chronic disease.
BACKGROUND: Excessive iron stores may promote insulin resistance and lead to the development of type 2 diabetes. However, prospective data relating iron intake and blood donations (determinants of body iron stores) to diabetes incidence are limited. OBJECTIVE: We examined iron intake and blood donations in relation to the incidence of type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: We followed men aged 40-75 y who participated in the Health Professionals' Follow-up Study; were free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer in 1986; and provided dietary data (n = 38 394). Of those participants, 33 541 also provided a history of blood donation during the past 30 y in 1992. RESULTS: During 12 y of follow-up, we ascertained 1168 new cases of type 2 diabetes. After adjustment for age, body mass index, and other diabetes risk factors, total iron intake was not associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes. Intakes of total heme iron [multivariate relative risk (RR) for extreme quintiles: 1.28; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.61; P for trend = 0.045] and of heme iron from red meat (RR: 1.63; 1.26, 2.10; P for trend < 0.001) were associated with an increased risk. However, heme-iron intake from sources other than red meat was not associated with diabetes risk (RR: 0.99; 0.81, 1.22). No significant associations were found between blood donation and the risk of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Heme-iron intake from red meat sources is positively associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes. Total iron intake, heme-iron intake from non-red meat sources, and blood donations are not related to the risk of type 2 diabetes. 
AIMS: In a variety of clinical and forensic situations long term use of alcohol must be monitored. In this project we explore the utility of fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE) in this regard. Additionally, we propose a cut-off value of FAEE to distinguish teetotallers/moderate/social drinkers from alcoholics or individuals drinking at harmful levels. PATIENTS AND METHODS: FAEE levels from 18 alcohol-dependent patients in detoxification were contrasted with those of 10 social drinkers and 10 teetotallers. FAEE in hair were determined, using headspace solid phase microextraction and gas chromatography mass spectrometry. C(FAEE), as sum of the concentrations of four esters, was compared to a major FAEE, ethyl palmitate. PEth was measured in heparinized whole blood with a high pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) method. Drinking validation criteria include self reports, phosphatidyl ethanol (PEth) in whole blood as well as the traditional markers of heavy drinking, gamma glutamyl transpeptidase (GGT), mean corpuscular volume (MCV) and carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT). RESULTS: Receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis for C(FAEE), indicated a sensitivity of 100% and a specificity of 90% for a cut-off of 0.29 ng/mg. By using a cut-off of 0.4 ng/mg, C(FAEE) identified 94.4% correctly. C(FAEE) and ethyl palmitate were significantly associated (r = 0.945; P < 0.001) as were C(FAEE) and PEth (r = 0.527; P = 0.025). No significant correlation was found between C(FAEE) and total grams of ethanol consumed last month, blood-alcohol concentration at admission to the hospital, CDT, MCV, or GGT. Among the serum and blood markers, %CDT identified 47.1%, MCV 38.8% and GGT 72.2% of patients with chronic intake of higher amounts of ethanol correctly, whereas PEth achieved 100% accuracy. CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest that C(FAEE) is a potentially valuable marker of chronic intake of high quantities of ethanol. Furthermore, the results indicate that a reasonable and provisional FAEE cut-off to distinguish between social/moderate and heavy drinking/alcoholism in hair is 0.4 ng/mg. 
OBJECTIVE: Higher intake of magnesium appears to improve glucose and insulin homeostasis; however, there are sparse prospective data on the association between magnesium intake and incidence of type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In the Women's Health Study, a cohort of 39,345 U.S. women aged >/=45 years with no previous history of cardiovascular disease, cancer, or type 2 diabetes completed validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaires in 1993 and were followed for an average of 6 years. We used Cox proportional hazard models to estimate multivariate relative risks (RRs) of type 2 diabetes across quintiles of magnesium intake compared with the lowest quintile. In a sample of 349 apparently healthy women from this study, we measured plasma fasting insulin levels to examine their relation to magnesium intake. RESULTS: During 222,523 person-years of follow-up, we documented 918 confirmed incident cases of type 2 diabetes. There was a significant inverse association between magnesium intake and risk of type 2 diabetes, independent of age and BMI (P = 0.007 for trend). After further adjustment for physical activity, alcohol intake, smoking, family history of diabetes, and total calorie intake, the multivariate-adjusted RRs of diabetes from the lowest to highest quintiles of magnesium intake were attenuated at 1.0, 1.06, 0.81, 0.86, and 0.89 (P = 0.05 for trend). Among women with BMI >/=25 kg/m2, the inverse trend was significant; multivariate-adjusted RRs were 1.0, 0.96, 0.76, 0.84, and 0.78 (P = 0.02 for trend). Multivariate-adjusted geometric mean insulin levels for overweight women in the lowest quartile of magnesium intake was 53.5 compared with 41.5 pmol/l among those at the highest quartile (P = 0.03 for trend). CONCLUSIONS: These findings support a protective role of higher intake of magnesium in reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, especially in overweight women. 
We tested the hypothesis that the dietary energy-dependent alterations of the rumen papillae size are accompanied by corresponding changes in systemic insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 concentration and in rumen papillary IGF type 1 receptors (IGF-1R). Young male goats (n=24) were randomly allocated to two groups (n=12) and fed a high level (HL) metabolizable energy [1200 kJ/(kg(0.75).d)] or a low level (LL) [500 kJ/(kg(0.75).d)] diet for 42 d. The concentration of ruminal total SCFA did not differ between the groups, but the molar proportion of butyric acid was enhanced by 70% in the HL group (P<0.05). Both the length and width of the papillae were greater (P<0.05) in the HL group, and the surface was 50-100% larger (P<0.05) in the tissue sampled from the artrium ruminis, the ventral ruminal sac and the ventral blind sac. Transport of Na+ across the rumen epithelium, which is amiloride sensitive, was higher (P<0.05) in the HL than in the LL group. Furthermore, the plasma IGF-1 concentration was about twofold higher in the HL group (P<0.05), and the maximal rumen epithelial IGF-1R binding was also higher in the HL (P<0.05) than in the LL group. IGF-1R mRNA and IGF-1 mRNA were detected in rumen papillae; however, they were unaffected by dietary treatments. DNA synthesis and cell proliferation of cultured rumen epithelial cells were higher (P<0.05) after IGF-1 treatment (25 or 50 microg/L) compared with those in the medium without IGF-1. Thus dietary energy-dependent alterations of rumen morphology and function are accompanied by corresponding changes in systemic IGF-1 and ruminal IGF-1R.
Female rats were fed a diet containing by weight 10% partially hydrogenated sunflower oil, 2% sunflower oil, and 1% rapeseed oil during gestation and lactation. The trans-18:1 isomer profile of the fat supplement was (in % of total trans 18:1 acids in the fat supplement): delta4, 0.5; delta5, 1.0; delta6-delta8, 18.0; delta9 (elaidic), 13.5; delta10, 22.2; delta11 (vaccenic), 16.0; delta12, 11.3; delta13-delta14, 12.8; delta15, 2.5; and delta16, 2.2 (total trans 18:1 acids in the fat supplement: 40.6%). The cis 18:1 isomer profile was (in % of total cis-18:1 isomers): delta6-delta8, 2.1; delta9 (oleic), 70.9; delta10, 6.1; delta11, 8.3; delta12, 4.0; delta13, 2.8; delta14, 4.6, and delta15, 1.2 (total cis-18:1 acids in the fat supplement: 32.6%). Suckling rats from four litters were sacrificed at day 17 or 18 after birth, and their stomach content (milk) was analyzed. The trans-18:1 isomer profile of milk was (relative proportions, in % of total): delta4, 0.3; delta5, 1.1; delta6-delta8, 16.8; delta9, 15.3; delta10, 22.0; delta11, 16.7; delta12, 11.8; delta13-14, 11.8; delta15, 2.5, and delta16, 1.9 (total trans 18:1 acids in milk: %). That of cis-18:1 isomers was (proportions in % relative to total cis-18:1 isomers): delta6-delta8, 4.7; delta9, 72.5; delta10, 4.0; delta11, 8.0; delta12, 7.1; delta13, 1.9; delta14, 1.0, and delta15, 0.7 (total cis-18:1 acids in milk: %). These results demonstrate that all isomeric acids, independent of the geometry and the position of the ethylenic bond, are incorporated into milk lipids. With regard to trans-18:1 isomers, the distribution profile in milk is identical to that in the dams' diet, i.e., there is no discrimination against any positional isomer between their ingestion and their deposition into milk lipids. As a consequence, this study indicates that the trans-18:1 isomer profile of milk reflects that in the dams' diet and supports our earlier hypothesis that the profile of trans-18:1 isomers in milk can be used to deduce the relative contribution of ruminant fats and partially hydrogenated oils in the diet to the total intake of trans-18:1 isomers. On the other hand, the cis-18:1 isomer profile in milk shows significant differences when compared to that in the dams' diet. Surprisingly, there are no major differences for the cis-delta9 (oleic) and the cis-delta11 (asclepic) isomers, which can be synthesized by the mother. However, there seems to be a significant positive selectivity for the group cis-delta6-delta8, and for the cis-delta12 isomer, whereas a negative selectivity occurs for the delta10 and delta13 to delta15 cis isomers.
OBJECTIVE: This review aims to determine whether, and to what extent, dietary caffeine may be a risk to cardiovascular health. METHODS: A critical review of the relevant experimental and epidemiologic literature was conducted, with particular reference to studies of caffeine and blood pressure (BP). RESULTS: There is extensive evidence that caffeine at dietary doses increases BP. However, concern that the drug may contribute to cardiovascular disease appears to have been dampened by (1) the belief that habitual use leads to the development of tolerance, and (2) confusion regarding relevant epidemiologic findings. When considered comprehensively, findings from experimental and epidemiologic studies converge to show that BP remains reactive to the pressor effects of caffeine in the diet. Overall, the impact of dietary caffeine on population BP levels is likely to be modest, probably in the region of 4/2 mm Hg. At these levels, however, population studies of BP indicate that caffeine use could account for premature deaths in the region of 14% for coronary heart disease and 20% for stroke. CONCLUSIONS: Current evidence supports the conclusion that the BP-elevating effects of dietary caffeine may be contributing appreciably to population levels of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Accordingly, strategies for encouraging reduced dietary levels of caffeine deserve serious consideration. 
Immune defects, thyroid abnormalities, infections and coeliac disease are often associated with Down's syndrome (DS). However, the basis of the immune defects is still unclear in DS. In the present study, we show that peripheral CD4 T-cells were decreased in children with DS, while mean values of cytotoxic CD8 T-cells were comparable with those from healthy children. Circulating activated (CD3/HLA-DR positive) T-cells were increased and a large proportion of purified T-cells from DS were also positive for APO-I/FAS (CD95) antigen. To further explore the functional status of circulating activated T-cells, enriched CD3 lymphocytes were cultured for 3 h and were tested for positivity to annexin-V (ANX-V) and propidium iodide. T-cells with the early apoptotic phenotype were increased in cell cultures from DS children. Plasma levels of inteleukin-6 (IL-6) were higher in DS children than in healthy children. The incidence of coeliac disease was also increased in this group of children. Most DS children showed increased levels of circulating IgG or IgA specific for gliadin, and their plasma IL-6 levels correlated with those of antigliadin IgG. The number of CD4 circulating cells was very low in DS children with coeliac disease, was low in those with serum antigliadin antibodies and was normal in DS without antigliadin antibodies. An overload of dietary antigens and impaired nutrient absorption secondary to altered functioning of the gastrointestinal mucosa might interfere with normal immune responses by inducing programmed cell death in CD4 T-cells.
A study was conducted with the objective of assessing how dietary, occupational, and residential exposures to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) contribute to body burden among pregnant Mohawk women residing near three hazardous waste sites. From 1992 to 1995, 111 pregnant women were interviewed about fish consumption and other environmental risk factors and donated a 20-mL venous blood sample for serum PCB analysis. To supplement previous fish sampling, samples of residential soil, ambient air, wild duck, and local meats and vegetables were also collected and analyzed for PCBs. The results indicated a significant decline in local fish consumption from an annual mean of 31.3 meals more than 1 year prior to pregnancy to an annualized mean of 11.7 meals during pregnancy. This change was reportedly a result of the advisories issued against consumption of local fish by pregnant and nursing women of childbearing age. The geometric mean concentration of total PCBs in the serum was 1.2 ppb, a level that is similar to that in other studies of women with no unusual exposures to PCBs. However, multiple regression analysis revealed that serum levels of total PCBs and three individual congeners were associated with local fish consumption. The PCB levels in soil, air, and local foodstuffs other than fish generally were not elevated, except for those obtained in close proximity to one of the hazardous waste sites, and no association was found between serum PCB levels and exposure through these media or through occupation.
Adiponectin, a newly discovered adipose-tissue-specific protein, is thought to be involved in the regulation of insulin action. The aim of the present study was to determine whether adiponectin contributes to the improvement in insulin sensitivity during very-low-calorie diet (VLCD). Biopsies of sc abdominal adipose tissue and blood sampling for analysis of plasma adiponectin and related hormones and metabolites were performed before and at the end of a 4-wk VLCD in 33 nonmorbidly obese women (body mass index, 34.4 +/- 4.1 kg/m(2)). VLCD produced a decrease in weight (7.1 +/- 0.4 kg) and in insulin and leptin levels and led to an improvement in insulin sensitivity. Adiponectin gene expression and plasma levels were not modified during calorie restriction. Before VLCD, we found negative correlations between plasma adiponectin and variables related to the metabolic syndrome. Adiponectin mRNA levels showed a negative correlation with lipoprotein a plasma values. The correlations observed before VLCD were not found after VLCD. The data suggest that adiponectin is related to the protection against the metabolic syndrome but is not involved in the regulation of VLCD-induced improvement of insulin sensitivity.
Fatty acid levels in plasma phospholipids were related to food intake over the previous year as estimated by semiquantitative food frequency questionnaires compiled by 280 men and 246 women from the EPIC centers of Varese, Turin, Florence and Ragusa (Italy). Fatty acid content was determined by gas chromatography and analyzed in relation to age, sex and center. The most important finding was that plasma monounsaturated fatty acid levels, mainly oleic acid, were associated with olive oil consumption (r = 0.28 men, r = 0.19 women, both P <0.01). To our knowledge, this is the first time that these non-essential plasma fatty acids have been related to their dietary source in a population eating a varied and freely chosen diet. We confirmed that long-chain n-3 fatty acids in plasma phospholipids are associated with fish consumption and that odd chain 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 fatty acid levels are associated with dairy products and pizza-with-mozzarella consumption. N-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels reflected dietary intake of seed oils, mayonnaise and biscuits. Alcohol intake was positively associated with palmitic and palmitoleic acid and negatively associated with linoleic acid. These associations suggest indirect relations between alcohol consumption and other features of diet, and also that ethanol has an effect on fat metabolism. We found numerous indirect relationships (ie, not due to dietary consumption of food sources of the fatty acids) between plasma fatty acids and diet, which we propose as due to the influence of complex life-style factors.
UNLABELLED: There is little information about the validity of questionnaires used by research related to obesity. The aim of this study was to demonstrate the reliability and accuracy of a cardiovascular risk questionnaire and perception of body size pictorials (BSP) measured in Mexican obese subjects. This was a cross-sectional study designed as two independent phases. The aims were: a) To calculate a concordance index between questionnaires and clinical records. b) To measure the reliability of the questionnaire and BSP by test-retest. Phase one: Eighty-four subjects were invited to answer the questionnaire (the average age was 46.1 +/- 14.9 years, BMI 36.4 +/- 7.2). The concordance obtained for heart attack, type 2 diabetes mellitus and high blood pressure was greater than kappa 0.6. High uric acid, hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia showed low concordance. Phase two: One hundred and two subjects were invited (the average age was 50.8 +/- 14.4 years, IMC 35.6 +/- 6.8). A high concordance in test-retest (ri = 0.71, p < 0.001) and for correlation coefficients between BSP and BMI (r = 0.72, p < 0.01) was found. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that this questionnaire is reliable and data regarding diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus, heart attack and high blood pressure are accurate in people who have been treated in hospital. Obese subjects are able to classify with accuracy their own BSP and that of other individuals. This kind of perception was not altered. 
Mercury and selenium in whole blood and serum of 245 17-year old Swedish adolescents were analysed. The relationships between these elements' concentrations and the consumption of fish as well as the number of dental amalgam fillings were studied. The geometric means (GM) of the mercury concentrations were 1.1 microg/L in blood and 0.43 microg/L in serum. The mean selenium concentration in blood was 110 microg/L and the GM of the serum selenium concentration 110 microg/L. Fish species with dietary restrictions due to elevated mercury Levels (i.e. pike, perch, pikeperch, burbot, eel and halibut) were consumed on average 0.7 times/month and fish species without such restrictions 4.1 times/month. Despite this comparatively low fish consumption, the adolescents' blood mercury concentrations were positively correlated with fish consumption. Of the adolescents, 39% had amalgam fillings (mean 2 +/- 1.5). Serum mercury was influenced by the number of amalgam fillings, by fish consumption, blood and serum levels of selenium and the residential area. Blood and serum selenium concentrations were not influenced by fish consumption, but were positively associated with the serum mercury concentration.
OBJECTIVE: To establish the test-retest reliability and concurrent validity with maximum oxygen consumption (VO2max) for 3 submaximal exercise tests in persons with chronic stroke: (1) submaximal treadmill test, (2) submaximal cycle ergometer test, and (3) 6-minute walk test (6MWT). DESIGN: Prospective study using a convenience sample. SETTING: Free-standing tertiary rehabilitation center. PARTICIPANTS: A volunteer sample of 12 community-dwelling individuals who had a stroke with moderate motor deficits. INTERVENTIONS: Not applicable. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Heart rate, blood pressure, and oxygen consumption (VO2) were assessed during the exercise tests. RESULTS: Test-retest reliability was good to excellent for the exercise tests (maximal and submaximal tests). VO2 for all submaximal measures related to VO2max (r range, .66-.80). Neither the 6MWT distance, self-selected gait speed, nor hemodynamic measures related to VO2max. CONCLUSION: The VO2 measures of the submaximal exercise tests had excellent reliability and good concurrent validity with VO2max. Submaximal exercise tests may be a method by which to monitor the effects of interventions after a screening test (eg, symptom-limited graded exercise test, dobutamine stress echocardiograph). 
During pregnancy, lower levels of maternal glucose before and during a glucose load have been associated with reduced infant birth weight and an increased risk of small-for-gestational-age births. A lower incremental area under the glucose response curve defines a low glycemic diet. Thus, during pregnancy the maternal diet, as measured by the glycemic index, may influence fetal growth and infant birth weight. A total of 1,082 gravidas who enrolled in the Camden Study between August 1996 and October 2002 were followed prospectively during pregnancy. The dietary glycemic index was computed from three 24-hour recalls in the course of pregnancy. Samples for plasma glucose and for glycosylated hemoglobin were obtained at 24-28 weeks' gestation. The glycemic index was positively and significantly related to maternal glycosylated hemoglobin and plasma glucose. There were as well significant linear trends for dietary fat intake to decrease and for intakes of carbohydrate, sucrose, fiber, and folate to increase as the glycemic index declined. Gravidas with a low dietary glycemic index had reduced infant birth weight and approximately a twofold increased risk of a small-for-gestational-age birth. Consistent with data on maternal plasma glucose, data in this study show that the type of carbohydrate in the diet of urban, low-income women influences fetal growth and infant birth weight.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Among other dietary and non-dietary factors, B vitamins, such as folate, riboflavin and cobalamin, are primary determinants of tHcy in the general population. However, research has concentrated on the relationship of these nutrients with tHcy, and little is known about overall eating patterns and tHcy. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this study, we analysed whether a diet score based on the consumption of folate-, riboflavin- and cobalamin-rich food groups was associated with tHcy in a sample of 140 institutionalised elderly subjects (59 men and 81 women aged 60-80 years) from Northern Spain. The food groups identified as the major contributors to the intake of the three vitamins were vegetables, fruit, fish, meat and milk and dairy products. The mean tHcy level was 13.3+/-5.1 micromol/L (range: 3.9-30.7 micromol/L). None of the food groups predicted tHcy levels individually, but the overall diet score was inversely associated with tHcy in a multiple linear regression analysis. High tHcy levels (>16 micromol/L) were almost twice as prevalent in the groups scoring less than 7 than in those scoring 7 or more (37.5 vs 19.6%, p=0.021). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that a dietary pattern characterised by high intakes of B vitamin-rich foods is associated with a lower tHcy concentration and a reduced percentage of high tHcy levels in elderly subjects. They also support the use of dietary pattern approaches to evaluate the relationships between diet and health outcomes that go beyond single nutrient analyses. 
AIMS: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the psychometric properties of the Japanese version of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) in patients with symptoms of overactive bladder (OAB) with urge incontinence. METHODS: Data from a 12-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial comparing tolterodine with oxybutynin in patients with symptoms of OAB in Japan were analyzed. Cronbach's alpha coefficient was calculated as a reliability index. Inter-domain correlation was calculated for convergent and discriminant validity assessment. A factor analysis was conducted to explore the underlying factor structure of the KHQ. Sensitivity to clinical change was also evaluated. RESULTS: The psychometric properties and clinical validity of the KHQ Japanese version were confirmed in this study population, and were similar between males and females. The KHQ's good reliability was evidenced by Cronbach's alpha coefficients of >0.60, indicating reasonable consistency except for the personal relationship domain in males (0.47) and severity (coping) measure domain in females (0.59). Discriminant, convergent, and construct validity of the KHQ were also good, with the factor analysis identifying those factors which the KHQ was intended to measure. Finally, KHQ domains were generally responsive to clinical efficacy variables; the KHQ also showed statistically significant sensitivity to change in patients' perception of bladder condition in all domains, except General Health Perception. CONCLUSIONS: Our analyses confirm psychometric properties and clinical validity of the KHQ Japanese version, which appears to offer a valid and reliable HRQoL instrument for use in clinical trials of antimuscarinics in Japan. 
AIMS: The purpose of this paper is to present a brief review of the literature and to summarize the current status of four biochemical markers for alcohol consumption, carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT), total serum sialic acid (TSA), sialic acid index of apolipoprotein J (SIJ) and serum beta-hexosaminidase (beta-HEX). FINDINGS: Of these markers, CDT has been the most widely studied, is currently thought to be the most accurate predictor of alcohol consumption, is most readily available and is the only test approved by the FDA for the identification of heavy alcohol use. TSA and SIJ have the potential to be useful markers, but have only recently been discovered, are not readily available and have not yet been studied comprehensively. Finally, the relationship between serum beta-HEX and heavy alcohol consumption has been studied for about 20 years, but the test is not readily available and has not been widely accepted or used as a marker for heavy alcohol consumption. CONCLUSIONS: These markers have the potential to be included in a combination of measurements to provide an accurate, more exact assessment of alcohol consumption in a variety of clinical and research settings. 
Oxidative stress is an important trigger in the complex chain of events leading to neurodegenerative diseases. On the other hand, dietary fatty acids play an essential role in brain function. The objectives of this study were to assess the effect of dietary fat type on vitamin C and vitamin E (alpha-and gamma-tocopherol) concentrations in peripheral and brain tissues and its effect on 8-epiPGF(2)alpha (F(2)-isoprostanes). Male Golden Syrian hamsters (n = 120, 8 wk old) were fed diets enriched in butter, hydrogenated fat (margarine), and canola and soybean oils. After 12 wk, hamsters were deprived of food, anesthetized with isoflurane, and killed via terminal exsanguination. Analyses of vitamins C, E, and 8-epiPGF(2)alpha were performed in peripheral tissues and brain. Hamsters consuming the margarine-enriched diet had lower (P < 0.05) vitamin C and alpha-tocopherol concentrations in liver, plasma, and brain, and higher (P < 0.02) plasma 8-epiPGF(2)alpha than groups fed the butter, and the canola and soybean oil diets. Liver and plasma gamma-tocopherol concentration was higher (P < 0.001) among the groups fed the soybean- and margarine-enriched diets compared with the other groups. alpha-Tocopherol was higher (P < 0.05) and 8-epiPGF(2)alpha lower (P < 0.01) among the groups fed the canola and soybean oil diets compared with the other groups. Across the groups, an inverse correlation between plasma levels of vitamin C and 8-epiPGF(2)alpha (r = -0.37, P = 0.03) and a positive correlation between plasma levels of vitamin C and alpha-tocopherol were observed (r = 0.341, P = 0.003). Hamsters fed the butter-enriched diet had a higher (P < 0.03) plasma uric acid concentration than the other groups. The results of this study provide new evidence concerning the effect of dietary fat on antioxidant status, which is important for the maintenance of good health.
Information is sparse on the role of foods in long-term blood pressure (BP) change. The investigators examined relations of food intake to BP change in a prospective cohort study of 1,710 employed men in Chicago, Illinois, initially aged 41-57 years. In 1958 and 1959, BP was measured and nutrient intake assessed by comprehensive interview. In 1959, intake of 26 specific food groups was also assessed. BP was remeasured annually through 1966. The generalized estimating equation method was used to analyze relations of food group intakes to average annual BP change, adjusting for age, weight at each year, alcohol consumption, calories, and other foods. Average systolic blood pressure (SBP)/diastolic blood pressure (DBP) increase was 1.9/0.3 mmHg per year. The SBP of men who consumed 14-42 cups of vegetables a month (0.5-1.5 cups/day) versus <14 cups a month (<0.5 cups/day) was estimated to rise 2.8 mmHg less in 7 years (p < 0.01). The SBP of men who consumed 14-42 cups of fruit a month versus <14 cups a month was estimated to increase 2.2 mmHg less in 7 years (p < 0.05). Beef-veal-lamb and poultry intakes were related directly to a greater SBP/DBP increase (p < 0.05). These results support the concept that diets higher in fruits and vegetables and lower in meats (except fish) may reduce the risk of developing high BP.
Estimating intake of phyto-oestrogens (PO) is difficult because there is inadequate information on the PO content of foods. Development of a biomarker of intake is therefore necessary for carrying out epidemiological studies. We aimed to validate a newly constructed PO database, containing more than 600 values assigned to foods by using duplicate diet analysis, and to investigate the relationships between measured PO intake, urinary excretion and plasma concentrations of PO. Fourteen subjects with estimated dietary intakes of PO ranging from 0 to 44 mg/d, measured by 7 d weighed intake, completed a duplicate diet collection over 24 h. Concurrently, a 24 h urine collection, validated using p-aminobenzoic acid, was obtained and one timed spot plasma sample taken. Duplicate diets, complete urine collections and plasma samples were analysed for total genistein and daidzein using liquid chromatography-MS to determine PO intake. The potential for 24 h urinary excretion and plasma PO concentrations to reflect dietary intake was investigated. Mean estimated and measured dietary PO intakes were 12.3 and 11.0 mg/d respectively. The correlation between estimated intake and measured intake of PO was highly significant (r 0.98, P<0.001). Urinary excretion (24 h) and plasma concentrations of PO were significantly related to measured dietary PO intake (r 0.97, P<0.001 and r 0.92, P<0.001 respectively). The relationship between 24 h urinary PO excretion and timed plasma concentrations was also significant (r 0.99, P<0.001). These findings validate the PO database and indicate that 24 h urinary excretion and timed plasma concentrations can be used as biomarkers of PO intake.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the long-term compliance and effects of two low-fat diets differing in carbohydrate to protein ratio on body composition and biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk in obese subjects with hyperinsulinemia. DESIGN: Outpatient, parallel, clinical intervention study of two groups of subjects randomly assigned to either a standard protein (SP; 15% protein, 55% carbohydrate) or high-protein (HP; 30% protein, 40% carbohydrate) diet, during 12 weeks of energy restriction (approximately 6.5 MJ/day) and 4 weeks of energy balance (approximately 8.3 MJ/day). Subsequently, subjects were asked to maintain the same dietary pattern for the succeeding 52 weeks with minimal professional support. SUBJECTS: A total of 58 obese, nondietetic subjects with hyperinsulinemia (13 males/45 females, mean age 50.2 y, mean body mass index (BMI) 34.0 kg/m2, mean fasting insulin 17.8 mU/l) participated in the study. MEASUREMENTS: : Body composition, blood pressure, blood lipids, fasting glucose, insulin, CRP and sICAM-1 were measured at baseline and at weeks 16 and 68. Urinary urea/creatinine ratio was measured at baseline, week 16 and at 3 monthly intervals thereafter. RESULTS: In total, 43 subjects completed the study with similar dropouts in each group (P=0.76). At week 68, there was net weight loss (SP -2.9+/-3.6%, HP -4.1+/-5.8%; P<0.44) due entirely to fat loss (P<0.001) with no diet effect [corrected]. Both diets significantly increased HDL cholesterol concentrations (P<0.001) and decreased fasting insulin, insulin resistance, sICAM-1 and CRP levels (P<0.05). Protein intake was significantly greater in HP during the initial 16 weeks (P<0.001), but decreased in HP and increased in SP during 52-week follow-up, with no difference between groups at week 68, indicating poor long-term dietary adherence behaviour to both dietary patterns. CONCLUSION: Without active ongoing dietary advice, adherence to dietary intervention is poor. Nonetheless, both dietary patterns achieved net weight loss and improvements in cardiovascular risk factors. 
Uric acid is an important antioxidant and methods to elevate its plasma concentration may be important in animal health. In a first study, the effect of dietary protein on plasma uric acid (PUA) and glucose concentrations were determined in 3-week-old chicks. Twenty-four broiler chicks were randomly assigned to four diets: a commercial control diet (C, 20% crude protein), low protein (LP) containing 10% casein, medium protein (MP) containing 20% casein or high protein (HP) containing 45% casein for a 3-week experiment. PUA concentration increased (P<0.05) in chicks fed HP diet and declined (P<0.05) in chicks fed LP while plasma glucose concentrations were lower (P<0.05) in chicks fed the LP diet at the end of the study. In a second study, PUA and leukocyte oxidative activity (LOA) were determined in broilers fed C, LP, MP or HP diets for 4 weeks. As in the first study, dietary protein directly affected PUA concentrations. In birds consuming HP diets, PUA was negatively correlated (P=0.06) with lowered LOA. These data support the view that increases in dietary protein can increase PUA concentrations, which can ameliorate oxidative stress.
OBJECTIVE: To study the variation in genistein + daidzein intake over a 6-month period and test the reliability of 24 h urinary isoflavones as a biomarker of exposure over time. DESIGN: Dietary genistein + daidzein intake was assessed at various time points throughout six months in 15 healthy subjects. Group 1 (n=8) followed nonsupplemented diets and Group 2 (n=7) took a 35 mg/d isoflavone supplement for 3 months and each subject provided a 24 h urine collection, validated with para-aminobenzoic acid, during weeks 7, 15 and 19. Urine was analysed for genistein and daidzein using LC-MS. RESULTS: Isoflavone intake in Groups 1 and 2 ranged from 0.00 to 1.1 mg/d and 0.1 to 53.1 mg/d, respectively. Urine excretion for both groups ranged from 0.20 to 9.56 mg/d. The relationship between 24 h excretion and isoflavone intake is y=0.44 x +/- 0.03(standard deviation) + 1.57; r=0.89, P<0.001. CONCLUSION: The 24 h urinary isoflavones can be used as biomarkers of isoflavone exposure over time. 
OBJECTIVE: Fruit and vegetable intake is inversely associated with cancer risk in many epidemiological studies. Accurate assessment of consumption of these foods is difficult, and biomarkers of intake would overcome several drawbacks of currently used dietary assessment methods. Therefore, we investigated the relation between plasma carotenoids and usual vegetable and fruit intake. DESIGN: Plasma carotenoid concentrations were measured and vegetable, fruit and juice consumption was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) in a random sample of 591 Dutch men and women aged 20-59 y from the MORGEN-project, one of the contributions to the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-study. RESULTS: In this sample of the general Dutch population, in both genders, relative to the other carotenoids, plasma beta-cryptoxanthin was the best indicator for fruit intake, and for the sum of vegetable, fruit and juice intake, while lutein concentrations best reflected intake of vegetables, although quartiles of intake were not consistently separated. Since levels of lycopene were not associated with any of the main food groups examined, associations with total carotenoids improved when excluding lycopene, and monotonously increasing plasma levels were seen for intakes of vegetables, of fruits, and of the sum of vegetables, fruits and juices. Several vegetable types and orange/grapefruit juice were associated with plasma levels of one of the carotenoids. CONCLUSION: Plasma carotenoids were only crude indicators of vegetable and fruit intake as assessed by a FFQ; beta-cryptoxanthin for fruit intake and lutein for vegetable intake. None of the plasma carotenoids could distinguish all four quartiles of vegetables, fruit and/or juice intake. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of nutrient intake and vitamin D status on markers of type I collagen formation and degradation in adolescent boys and girls. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Canton of Vaud, West Switzerland. SUBJECTS: A total of 92 boys and 104 girls, aged 11-16 y. Data were collected on height, weight, pubertal status (self-assessment of Tanner stage), nutrient intake (3-day dietary record) and fasting serum concentration of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD), and markers of collagen formation (P1NP) and degradation (serum C-terminal telopeptides: S-CTX). RESULTS: Tanner stage was a significant determinant of P1NP in boys and girls and S-CTX in girls. Of the nutrients examined, only the ratio of calcium to phosphorus (Ca/P) was positively associated with P1NP in boys, after adjustment for pubertal status. 25OHD decreased significantly at each Tanner stage in boys. Overall, 15% of boys and 17% of girls were identified as being vitamin D insufficient (serum 25OHD <30 nmol/l), with the highest proportion of insufficiency at Tanner stage 4-5 (29%) in boys and at Tanner stage 3 (24%) in girls. A significant association was not found between 25OHD and either bone turnover marker, nor was 25OHD insufficiency associated with higher concentrations of the bone turnover markers. CONCLUSIONS: The marked effects of puberty on bone metabolism may have obscured any possible effects of diet and vitamin D status on markers of bone metabolism. The mechanistic basis for the positive association between dietary Ca/P ratio and P1NP in boys is not clear and may be attributable to a higher Ca intake per se, a critical balance between Ca and P intake or higher dairy product consumption. A higher incidence of vitamin D insufficiency in older adolescents may reflect a more sedentary lifestyle or increased utilisation of 25OHD, and suggests that further research is needed to define their requirements. SPONSORSHIP: Nestec Ltd and The Swiss Foundation for Research in Osteoporosis. 
Evidence on the effect of salt intake on the interaction between angiotensinogen (AGT) T174M polymorphism and high blood pressure is sparse. We therefore conducted a large population-based cross-sectional study of 2,823 men and women aged 30-74 in a Japanese farming community to examine associations between AGT polymorphism and blood pressure levels stratified by age (30-64 and 65-74), body mass index (BMI; median), and salt intake (median) estimated by 24-h urine collection and dietary questionnaire. Our a priori hypothesis is that individuals, particularly younger and non-overweight individuals, with the 174M allele have elevated blood pressure levels in response to higher sodium intake, and thus the association between T174M polymorphism and blood pressure is more evident among individuals with higher sodium intake than those with lower sodium intake. There were no differences in systolic or diastolic blood pressure levels (SBP or DBP) between the TT and TM+MM genotype groups overall. However, the mean difference in DBP between the TM+MM and TT groups was +1.0 mmHg in subjects of younger age (p=0.06), +1.7 mmHg in non-overweight subjects (BMI<23.5 kg/m2, p=0.01), and +2.3 mmHg in younger and non-overweight subjects (p = 0.002). Furthermore, among younger and non-overweight subjects, blood pressure differences were larger for those with higher urinary sodium excretion (+3.1 mmHg, p = 0.03), those with a higher sodium/potassium excretion ratio (+4.1 mmHg, p=0.007), those with higher present sodium intake score (+3.0 mmHg, p=0.003), and those with higher past sodium intake score (+3.4 mmHg, p<0.001). In conclusion, AGT T174M polymorphism was associated with higher DBP levels in younger and non-overweight Japanese. This association was more evident among subjects with higher sodium intake.
OBJECTIVE: In this work, we assessed the status and management of blood lipids in a sample of cardiovascular disease free adult men and women from Greece. We also evaluated the effect of several socio-demographic, dietary and lifestyle habits on lipid levels. METHODS: The ATTICA Study is a population-based cohort that has randomly enrolled 1128 men and 1154 women (aged >18 years old), stratified by age-gender, from the greater area of Athens, during 2001-2002. Adherence to Mediterranean diet was assessed through a diet score that was based on a validated food-frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Forty-six percent of men and 40% of women had total serum cholesterol levels >200mg/dl. Of them, 40% of men and 30% of women were unaware of their condition. Twenty-one percent of men and 7% of women had HDL-cholesterol levels <35 mg/dl. Twenty-eight percent of men and 13% of women had triglyceride levels >150 mg/dl. Fifteen percent of men and 12% of women had LDL-cholesterol levels >160 mg/dl and 52% of men and 48% of women had LDL >130 mg/dl. Of those who had known blood lipid abnormalities, 36% of men and 33% of women followed a dietary medication, 31% of men and 20% of women were receiving a pharmaceutical treatment (mainly statin) and the rest were untreated. Participants who adopted the Mediterranean diet and received statin, had on average 9% lower total cholesterol (P = 0.04), 19% lower LDL-cholesterol levels (P = 0.02) and 32% lower oxidized LDL-cholesterol levels (P < 0.001) compared to those who were untreated and adopted a Westernized diet. CONCLUSIONS: We could speculate that about 3 million Greek adults had high total cholesterol levels. Adverse findings were also observed regarding the other investigated blood lipids. Mediterranean diet could be a complimentary mean to pharmaceutical treatment in reducing blood lipids. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the diagnostic value of serum concentrations of total magnesium (tMg) and ionized magnesium (iMg), concentrations of magnesium (Mg) in muscle, intracellular Mg (icMg) concentrations, urinary Mg excretion (EMg), Mg clearance (CMg), and fractional clearance of Mg (FCMg) in horses fed diets with Mg content above and below National Research Council recommendations. ANIMALS: 9 young female horses. PROCEDURES: 6 horses were fed a reduced-Mg diet for 29 days followed by an Mg-supplemented diet for 24 days. Control horses (n = 3) were fed grass hay exclusively. Blood, urine, and tissue samples were collected, and an Mg retention test was performed before and after restriction and supplementation of Mg intake. Serum tMg, serum iMg, muscle Mg, icMg, and urine Mg concentrations were measured, and 24-hour EMg, CMg, and FCMg were calculated. RESULTS: Reductions in urinary 24-hour EMg, CMg, and FCMg were evident after 13 days of feeding a reduced-Mg diet. Serum tMg and iMg concentrations, muscle Mg content, and results of the Mg retention test were not affected by feeding the Mg-deficient diet. Spot urine sample FCMg accurately reflected FCMg calculated from 6- and 24-hour pooled urine samples. Mean +/- SD FCtMg of horses eating grass hay was 29 +/- 8%, whereas mean FCtMg for horses fed a reduced-Mg diet for 29 days was 6 +/- 3%. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: The 24-hour EMg was the most sensitive indicator of reduced Mg intake in horses. Spot sample FCMg can be conveniently used to identify horses consuming a diet deficient in Mg. 
This study assessed the validity and reliability of a 12-item soy questionnaire designed for use in cancer prevention research. The questionnaire measures soy intake over the past year. Subjects were 199 healthy 35- to 46-yr-old premenopausal women participating in an ongoing soy intervention study. Soy questionnaire estimates of isoflavone intake over 1 yr were compared with individual and combined estimates from two reference measures covering the same period: three or four repeated 24-h recalls and one or two repeated urine analyses. The sensitivity and specificity of the soy questionnaire in classifying high vs. low exposure (high exposure = soy intervention group membership) were comparable with 24-h recalls and were superior to urine analyses (sensitivity = 94.8%, 97.9%, and 71.1%; specificity = 95.1%, 97.1%, and 90.3% for the soy questionnaire, 24-h recalls, and urine analyses, respectively). Soy questionnaire isoflavone estimates were highly correlated with the combination of the two reference measures for the entire study population. Its brevity, ease of administration, and good measurement properties over a 1-yr period make the soy questionnaire well suited to the needs of researchers who wish to identify high and low consumers of soy foods, especially in populations who consume traditional Asian soy foods.
We recently postulated that hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase functions as a cholesterol buffer to protect against the serum and tissue cholesterol raising action of dietary cholesterol. This postulate predicts that diminished basal expression of hepatic HMG-CoA reductase results in increased sensitivity to dietary cholesterol. Because diabetic and hypothyroid animals are known to have markedly reduced hepatic HMG-CoA reductase, these animals were selected as models to test our postulate. When rats were rendered diabetic with streptozotocin, their hepatic HMG-CoA reductase activity decreased from 314 to 22 pmol. min(-1). mg(-1), and their serum cholesterol levels increased slightly. When the diabetic animals were challenged with a diet containing 1% cholesterol, their serum cholesterol levels doubled, and their hepatic reductase activity decreased further to 0.9 pmol. min(-1). mg(-1). Hepatic low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor immunoreactive protein levels were unaffected in the diabetic rats whether fed cholesterol-supplemented diets or not. In rats rendered hypothyroid by thyroparathyroidectomy, serum cholesterol levels rose from 100 to 386 mg/dl in response to the 1% cholesterol challenge, whereas HMG-CoA reductase activity dropped from 33.8 to 3.4 pmol. min(-1). mg(-1). Hepatic LDL receptor immunoreactive protein levels decreased only slightly in the hypothyroid rats fed cholesterol-supplemented diets. Taken together, these results show that rats deficient in either insulin or thyroid hormone are extremely sensitive to dietary cholesterol largely due to low basal expression of hepatic HMG-CoA reductase.
AIMS: To develop a condition specific quality of life measure for males and females with urinary storage symptoms of urgency, frequency, nocturia and incontinence. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A sample of community dwelling males and females aged 40 years or more who were taking part in an epidemiological study provided data for development and validation of the scale. Questions were developed from literature review and discussions with clinicians and patients. Inclusion of items was dependent on levels of missing data and principal components analysis. Validity was assessed by comparison with the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, the Bradburn Negative Affect Scale and single questions concerning the problematic nature of symptoms. Construct validity was assessed by comparing cases and non-cases, and patients with different symptom patterns. Test-retest and inter-rater reliability statistics were calculated for individual items. Responsiveness to change was measured in subjects taking part in a randomised controlled trial of a nursing intervention. RESULTS: The scale showed high levels of internal consistency and measures of construct validity were as hypothesised. Test-retest and inter-rater reliability was moderate to excellent. The distribution of scores was skewed with low levels of impact but the questionnaire was responsive to conservative treatments in patients receiving a nursing intervention. CONCLUSIONS: The questionnaire proved to be a valid and reliable interviewer administered instrument for measuring impact of urinary symptoms. 
2-Amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) is a mutagenic and carcinogenic heterocyclic amine formed during ordinary cooking, and is subsequently metabolically activated by cytochrome P4501A2 (CYP1A2) and N-acetyltransferase 2 (NAT2). Respective genes encoding for these enzymes, display polymorphic distribution in the human population and are thus believed to cause interindividual differences in cancer risk susceptibility. The present study investigated the influence of dietary exposure and CYP1A2 and NAT2 genotypes and phenotypes on differential urinary PhIP excretion levels in 71 human volunteers after consumption of either a high (7.4 ng/g) or low (1.7 ng/g) dose of PhIP. Urinary PhIP excretion levels were found to reflect recent dietary exposure levels, with average levels of 174% (high dose group) and 127% (low dose group), as compared to pre-feed levels. Urinary caffeine metabolite ratios were significantly different between the two NAT2 genotypes, whereas for CYP1A2, the apparent difference in metabolic ratios between the genotypes was statistically non-significant. Significant correlations were firstly found between the CYP1A2-164A-->C (CYP1A2*1F) polymorphism and differential urinary PhIP excretion levels. Although the found correlations are driven primarily by a small number of subjects possessing the homozygous variant constellation, the strong influence of this genotype indicates that the CYP1A2*1F polymorphism could play an important role in human cancer risk susceptibility.
Iron status during infancy and early childhood reflects highly dynamic processes, which are affected by both internal and external factors. The regulation of iron metabolism seems to be subjected to developmental changes during infancy, although the exact nature of these changes and their implications are not fully understood. We wanted to explore the association between dietary iron intake and indicators of iron status, and to assess temporal changes in these variables. This was done by secondary analysis of data from a recently conducted dietary intervention trial in which healthy, term, well-nourished infants were randomly assigned to consume iron-fortified infant cereals with regular or low phytate content, or iron-fortified infant formula. Dietary iron intake from 6 to 8 mo and from 9 to 11 mo was associated with hemoglobin (Hb) concentration at 9 mo (r = 0.27, P < 0.001) and 12 mo (r = 0.21, P = 0.001), respectively, but iron intake from 12 to 18 mo was not associated with Hb at 18 mo. In contrast, iron intake from 6 to 11 mo was not associated with serum ferritin (S-Ft) at 9 or 12 mo, whereas iron intake from 12 to 17 mo was positively associated with S-Ft at 18 mo (r = 0.14, P = 0.032). These shifts in associations between dietary iron intake, and Hb and S-Ft, respectively, may be due to developmental changes in the channeling of dietary iron to erythropoiesis relative to storage, in the absence of iron deficiency anemia. These observations should be taken into consideration when evaluating iron nutritional status during infancy and early childhood.
OBJECTIVES: To determine whether moderately high or low intakes of zinc adversely affect the copper status of postmenopausal women to result in unfavorable changes in calcium and magnesium metabolism and other indicators of bone turnover. DESIGN: After a 10-day equilibration period in which the diet provided 31.5 micromol (2 mg) Cu and 137.7 micromol (9 mg) Zn/8.4 MJ (2000 kcal), the subjects were randomly divided into two groups, with one group fed the basal diet supplemented to provide 15.7 micromol (1 mg) Cu/8.4 MJ, and the other group fed the same diet supplemented to provide 47.2 micromol (3 mg) Cu/8.4 MJ. After equilibration, both groups were fed the basal diet with no zinc supplemented (provided 45.9 micromol [3 mg] Zn/8.4 MJ) for 90 days; this was followed by another 10-day equilibration period before the basal diet was supplemented with zinc to provide 811 micromol (53 mg)/8.4 MJ for 90 days. SETTING: The metabolic unit of the Grand Forks Human Nutrition Research Center, Grand Forks, ND, USA. SUBJECTS: A total of 28 postmenopausal women recruited by advertisement throughout the United States of America. Among them, 25 women (64.9+6.7 y) completed the study; 21 as designed. RESULTS: The moderately high intake compared to the low intake of zinc increased the excretion of magnesium in the feces and urine, which resulted in a decreased magnesium balance. In the women fed low dietary copper, plasma osteocalcin was higher during the low-zinc than high-zinc dietary period. The urinary excretion of N-telopeptides was increased and the serum calcitonin concentration was decreased by high dietary zinc regardless of dietary copper. CONCLUSIONS: A moderately high intake of zinc (811 micromol/day; 53 mg/day) did not induce changes in copper metabolism that resulted in unfavorable changes in bone or mineral metabolism. However, low dietary zinc (45.9 micromol/day; 3 mg/day) apparently resulted in undesirable changes in circulating calcitonin and osteocalcin. As a moderately high intake of zinc decreased magnesium balance, further study of the possibility that a high intake of zinc is a health concern for individuals consuming less than the recommended amounts of magnesium is warranted. 
BACKGROUND: The effect of individual dietary fatty acids on emerging risk factors for cardiovascular disease that are associated with subclinical inflammation is unknown. OBJECTIVE: The goal was to evaluate the role of dietary fat and specific fatty acids, especially trans fatty acids, in altering concentrations of markers of inflammation in humans fed controlled diets. DESIGN: In a randomized crossover design, 50 men consumed controlled diets for 5 wk that provided 15% of energy from protein, 39% of energy from fat, and 46% of energy from carbohydrate. Eight percent of fat or fatty acids was replaced across diets with the following: cholesterol, oleic acid, trans fatty acids (TFAs), stearic acid (STE), TFA+STE (4% of energy each), and 12:0-16:0 saturated fatty acids (LMP). RESULTS: Fibrinogen concentrations were higher after consumption of the diet enriched in stearic acid than after consumption of the carbohydrate diet. C-reactive protein concentrations were higher after consumption of the TFA diet than after consumption of the carbohydrate diet, but were not significantly different after consumption of the TFA and TFA+STE diets than after consumption of the LMP diet. Interleukin 6 concentrations were lower after consumption of the oleic acid diet than after consumption of the LMP, TFA, and STE diets. E-selectin concentrations were higher after consumption of the TFA diet than after consumption of the carbohydrate diet. Consumption of the TFA but not the TFA+STE diet resulted in higher E-selectin concentrations than did the LMP diet. CONCLUSIONS: These data provide evidence that dietary fatty acids can modulate markers of inflammation. Although stearic acid minimally affects LDL cholesterol, it does appear to increase fibrinogen concentrations. 
Subjects of this study consisted of 333 women (aged 45-75 years) drawn from a large United Kingdom prospective study of diet and cancer, the European Prospective Investigation of Cancer and Nutrition-Norfolk study. Using newly developed gas chromatography/mass spectrometry and liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry methods incorporating triply (13)C-labeled standards, seven phytoestrogens (daidzein, genistein, glycitein, O-desmethylangolensin, equol, enterodiol, and enterolactone) were measured in 114 spot urines and 97 available serum samples from women who later developed breast cancer. Results were compared with those from 219 urines and 187 serum samples from healthy controls matched by age and date of recruitment. Dietary levels were low, but even so, mean serum levels of phytoestrogens were up to 600 times greater than postmenopausal estradiol levels. Phytoestrogen concentrations in spot urine (adjusted for urinary creatinine) correlated strongly with that in serum, with Pearson correlation coefficients > 0.8. There were significant relationships (P < 0.02) between both urinary and serum concentrations of isoflavones across increasing tertiles of dietary intakes. Urinary enterodiol and enterolactone and serum enterolactone were significantly correlated with dietary fiber intake (r = 0.13-0.29). Exposure to all isoflavones was associated with increased breast cancer risk, significantly so for equol and daidzein. For a doubling of levels, odds ratios increased by 20-45% [log(2) odds ratio = 1.34 (1.06-1.70; P = 0.013) for urine equol, 1.46 (1.05-2.02; P = 0.024) for serum equol, and 1.22 (1.01-1.48; P = 0.044) for serum daidzein]. These estimates of risk are similar to those established for estrogens and androgens in postmenopausal breast cancer but need confirmation in larger studies.
OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the relation of alcohol intake and systemic inflammation in a population-based sample of older adults. METHODS AND RESULTS: As part of the Cardiovascular Health Study (CHS), 5865 adults aged 65 years and older reported their intake of beer, wine, and liquor. We determined white blood cell count (WBC), factor VIII coagulant activity (factor VIIIc), and levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen, and albumin as markers of systemic inflammation. Among participants without confirmed cardiovascular disease, alcohol consumption was inversely associated with WBC, factor VIIIc, and fibrinogen level, and positively associated with albumin concentration in multivariate analyses. We found no consistent modification of these results by sex, obesity, or beverage type. The relation of alcohol use and CRP levels was significantly modified by apoE genotype (P interaction 0.03), with a positive association among participants with an apoE4 allele (P = 0.05), but a trend toward an inverse association among those without an apoE4 allele (P = 0.15). CONCLUSIONS: Alcohol intake is associated with lower levels of inflammatory markers in older adults free of cardiovascular disease. 
Ghrelin is a novel GH secretagogue with orexigenic effects. We hypothesized that high fasting plasma ghrelin concentrations (FxGhr) might predict high ad libitum food intake. FxGhr were measured in 30 normoglycemic subjects: 15 Pima Indians (8 male/7 female; age, 32 +/- 7 yr; body weight, 87 +/- 21 kg; mean +/-sd) and 15 Caucasians (12 male/3 female, 36 +/- 8 yr, 94 +/- 26 kg) in energy balance for 3 d before testing. Subjects then self-selected their food ad libitum for the following 3 d. Mean daily energy intake (DEI) was calculated from the weight of foods consumed and expressed as a percent of weight maintenance energy needs. FxGhr were twice as high in Caucasians as in Pima Indians (103 +/- 53 vs. 52 +/- 18 fmol/ml, P < 0.001) and remained higher after adjustment for age, gender, and body weight (P < 0.0001). Neither DEI, nor percent of weight maintenance energy needs, nor percent of calories from fat differed between the races. In both groups, FxGhr were negatively correlated with DEI (r = -0.61, P = 0.01; r = -0.54, P = 0.04, respectively). These negative relationships were not explained by interindividual differences in age, gender, or body weight. This unexpected finding that low FxGhr predict ad libitum food intake suggests that the role of endogenous ghrelin in the regulation of energy homeostasis remains uncertain.
Ghrelin is an orexigenic gastric hormone that decreases in peripheral blood after carbohydrate-rich meals but increases after protein ingestion. In the present study plasma ghrelin was determined together with hunger and satiety ratings and with insulin and glucose concentrations after the ingestion of satiating quantities of carbohydrate-, fat-, protein-, fruit-, and vegetable-rich meals in 14 healthy subjects. Four hours later, standardized sandwiches were consumed. After carbohydrate, ghrelin decreased, whereas fat, protein, fruit, and vegetable ingestion significantly increased ghrelin levels. Considering all test meals, no significant correlation existed between changes of ghrelin levels and satiety ratings (r = 0.05; not significant), whereas a significant inverse relationship was observed between plasma ghrelin and insulin levels (r = -0.44; P < 0.001). During the second meal, sandwich consumption was significantly greater after the preceding fruit and vegetable meals, which was significantly correlated with the fourth-hour increase of ghrelin (r = 0.44; P < 0.001). In conclusion, after an overnight fast, ghrelin release depends on the ingested macronutrients and is most likely not a major regulator of acute food intake, although it is of greater importance for the recurrence of hunger and subsequent meal size.
BACKGROUND: Treatment of diabetes mellitus (DM) is complex, requiring multifaceted lifestyle change or regulation and, for many, self-regulation of insulin levels in the blood. Historically, daily insulin treatment has been viewed as burdensome to patients, prompting newer formulations and improved delivery methods. OBJECTIVE: This multicenter, clinical study was designed to develop a conceptually sound, clinically meaningful, and psychometrically valid measure of insulin treatment satisfaction, applicable to a wide range of insulin therapies. METHODS: A 3-phase iterative process was employed to develop and validate the Insulin Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaire (ITSQ): (1) conceptual development of items, (2) preliminary validation among patients with DM, and (3) confirmatory validation among patients with DM. RESULTS: The ITSQ was validated with 170 patients in phase 2 and 402 patients in phase 3. Confirmatory factor analysis produced a 5-factor, 22-item instrument assessing regimen inconvenience, lifestyle flexibility, glycemic control, hypoglycemic control, and satisfaction with the insulin delivery device. Results for reliability and construct validity of the final version were consistent in both samples of patients treated with insulin, with different data collection methods. Internal consistency (using Cronbach alpha coefficient) of the subscales ranged from 0.79 to 0.91. Test-retest reliability (using Spearman rank correlation coefficients) ranged from 0.63 to 0.94. ITSQ scores showed moderate to high correlation with related measures of treatment burden. The ITSQ differentiated among insulin delivery methods, glycosylated hemoglobin values, the number of times the patient required assistance administering insulin, and insulin adherence. CONCLUSION: In our study samples, the ITSQ appeared to be conceptually and psychometrically sound and applicable to a wide range of insulin therapies. 
The influence of black currant juice, Bowman-Birk protease inhibitor (BBI), kolaviron (a biflavonoid fraction of Garcinia kola seed), sugars, vitamin C and tert-butyl hydroperoxide on a wide range of biomarkers for oxidative stress, DNA damage and sugar or lipid metabolism has been investigated in male F 344 rats. The selected pro-oxidant control, tert-butyl hydroperoxide, significantly increased plasma and liver 2-amino-adipic semialdehyde (AAS), a marker of protein oxidation (p <0.05) whereas lipid oxidation assessed as malon dialdehyde (MDA) and DNA oxidation were not significantly increased. Feeding BBI also increased the level of oxidized protein in plasma and liver at the higher dose level (0.5%). No effect was observed at the lower dose level (0.25%), which even decreased lipid oxidation in plasma. BBI did not affect background levels of DNA strand breaks or oxidation (comets). In rats exposed to black currant juice, a statistically significant decrease in liver AAS and MDA was observed. This effect could not be explained by its content of sugars or of the known redox active constituent, vitamin C. The lowering effect of black currant juice on protein and lipid oxidation was similar in magnitude to that of the known liver protectant, kolaviron. In rats treated with kolaviron (200 mg/kg body weight), background AAS levels were significantly reduced in both plasma and liver whereas the effect on MDA only reached statistical significance in plasma. Kolaviron was the only extract tested which decreased oxidative damage to DNA in the liver. The erythrocyte antioxidant enzyme activities, catalase and glutathione peroxidase were decreased in rats treated with tert-butyl hydroperoxide (p <0.05) but were not affected by the other treatments. Black currant juice and sugars increased plasma triglyceride levels and black currant juice increased plasma cholesterol but neither of them nor any other treatment affected blood glucose, erythrocyte HbA1c or fructosamine. We conclude that markers of oxidative stress may be modified by several mechanisms after feeding rats with complex dietary factors and that both pro- and antioxidant effects may consequently be observed simultaneously after short-term feeding of antioxidant-rich foods, herb medicines, or known pro- and antioxidants.
UNLABELLED: The relationships between dietary habits and the blood fatty acid (FA) profile have been poorly explored, particularly in children. Aim of the present investigation was to look at the associations between dietary habits and the plasma pattern of FA in a school-age population. In 105 healthy 8-years old children, the nutritional habits have been evaluated by means of a Food Frequency Questionnaire and a 24-h recall. FA analyses (expressed as FA%) were performed by means of capillary gas chromatography. STATISTICS: non-parametric tests. The children with high pasta and low red meat consumption (n = 9), compared to those with either medium or low pasta and either high or medium red meat consumption (n = 96), showed lower levels of total saturated (29% vs. 35%, P = 0.001) and higher levels of total monounsaturated (30% vs. 24%, P = 0.04) FA in plasma. They also showed lower levels of LDL cholesterol (90 vs. 109 mg/dl, P = 0.08) and fasting insulin (4.0 vs. 6.3 microU/ml, P = 0.04) in blood. A high consumption of pasta coupled with a low intake of red meat may be marker of a food behaviour and/or lifestyle associated with a more favourable pattern of circulating FA and hematochemical metabolic markers. 
INTRODUCTION: Dietary fish oil promotes bone formation in healthy states, but its effect during insulin deficiency or nutrient restriction is unclear. METHODS: Eighty weanling male rats were randomized to receive an injection of streptozotocin to induce insulin deficiency (diabetes) or saline (control) and a diet containing soy oil or corn + fish oil for 35 days. Half of the saline-injected rats were randomized to 20% dietary restriction. Measurements were growth, biomarkers of bone metabolism and femur bone mass. RESULTS: Density of femur was elevated in the corn + fish group and reduced in the diabetes group. Plasma osteocalcin and bone prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) were reduced by the corn + fish diet. N-telopeptide, IGF-1, bone PGE2 and urinary Ca were highest and calcitriol lowest in the diabetes group. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that the benefit of a diet high in n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid is most advantageous to long bone density in healthy states. 
AIMS: To characterize nutritional differences between survey participants diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes; those without diabetes, and those with "undiagnosed diabetes" based on glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The 1994/5 British National Diet and Nutrition Survey, of people aged 65 years and over (mean age 78 years), included 73 respondents with diagnosed Type 2 diabetes [mean (sd) HbA(1c) = 7.06 (2.05)%], and 30 with "undiagnosed diabetes" (defined as HbA(1c) > 6.3%; mean (sd) HbA(1c) = 7.40 (1.66)%], among a representative sample of 1038 with anthropometry; 4-day weighed diet; blood and urine status measurements. RESULTS: The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes (diagnosed + undiagnosed) was 10%. In subjects without diagnosis of diabetes, those with HbA(1c) > 6.3% had on average a significantly higher body weight (73.6 vs. 67.9 kg), higher waist circumference (99.8 vs. 91.8 cm), higher body mass index (28.6 vs. 25.9 kg/m(2)) and higher white cell counts (7.64 vs. 7.09 x 10(9)/l), than those with mean HbA(1c) < or = 6.3%. Diagnosed diabetic subjects had significantly higher energy-adjusted intakes of protein, fibre, vitamins and minerals than those not in this category (P < 0.01). In contrast, those with undiagnosed diabetes (HbA(1c) > 6.3%) were nutritionally "at risk", having low plasma concentrations of lycopene (0.13 vs. 0.24 micromol/l) and high density lipoprotein cholesterol (0.99 vs. 1.27 micromol/l) and a trend towards low vitamin C (24 vs. 36 micromol/l) which was significant (P < 0.01) for men. HbA(1c) was positively correlated with white cell count, plasma fasting triglycerides, plasma alkaline phosphatase and homocysteine (all P < 0.01 overall), being particularly striking amongst men. CONCLUSIONS: Among older British citizens, those with diagnosed diabetes had healthier nutritional profiles than those undiagnosed with high HbA(1c). Important health-promoting benefits are therefore predicted following early diagnosis and nutritional advice for people with Type 2 diabetes. 
BACKGROUND: Sulfiting agents are widely used as food additives. Limits are set on their use in foods because they may adversely affect health. Sulfiting agents are excreted in urine as sulfate, which is indistinguishable from sulfate derived from sulfur amino acids. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the contribution of inorganic sulfur to urinary sulfate excretion and of dietary protein to urinary sulfate and nitrogen excretion with the aim of developing a urinary biomarker of inorganic sulfur intake. DESIGN: Nine healthy men were fed a sequence of 3 diets for 15 d (n = 7), 5 diets for 10 d (n = 6), or both. The diets contained 51-212 g protein/d (0.43-1.71 g S/d) and 0.17-0.27 g inorganic S/d; p-aminobenzoic acid-validated 24-h urine samples (n = 47) were analyzed for sulfate and nitrogen. RESULTS: Dietary inorganic sulfur was efficiently excreted as sulfate in urine. Urinary sulfate derived from protein correlated strongly (r(2) = 0.86) with urinary nitrogen. Urinary recovery of protein sulfur and nitrogen decreased from 84% at average protein intakes (72 g/d) to 70% at high protein intakes (212 g/d). The nitrogen:sulfur ratio (in g) of the protein in the study diets was 18.9, which was maintained in urine (18.4 +/- 0.1) after dietary inorganic sulfur intake was subtracted from urinary sulfate. Therefore, inorganic sulfur intake (g/d) = urinary sulfur (g/d) - 0.054 x urinary nitrogen (g/d). For typical UK intakes of inorganic sulfur (0.25 g/d), this biomarker should produce mean (+/- SD) values of 0.24 +/- 0.10 g S/d. CONCLUSION: Twenty-four-hour urinary nitrogen and sulfate values can be used to predict inorganic sulfur intake. 
Fish consumption from the Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence River has been decreasing over the last years due to advisories and increased awareness of the presence of several contaminants. Methylmercury (MeHg), a well-established neurotoxicant even at low levels of exposure, bioaccumulates to differing degrees in various fish species and can have serious adverse effects on the development and functioning of the human central nervous system, especially during prenatal exposure. Most studies on MeHg exposure have focussed on high-level consumers from local fish sources, although mercury (Hg) is also present in fresh, frozen, and canned market fish. Moreover, little information exists on the temporal variation of blood and hair Hg in pregnant women, particularly in populations with low levels of Hg. The aim of the present study was to characterize the temporal variation of Hg during pregnancy and to investigate the relation between fish consumption from various sources prior to and during pregnancy and maternal cord blood and mother's hair Hg levels. We recruited 159 pregnant women from Southwest Quebec through two prenatal clinics of the Quebec Public Health System. All women completed two detailed questionnaires concerning their fish consumption (species and frequency) prior to and during pregnancy. The women also provided blood samples for all three trimesters of pregnancy and hair samples after delivery of up to 9 cm in length. Blood and hair Hg levels were analyzed by cold-vapor atomic-absorption and -fluorescence spectrometry methods, respectively. Results showed that maternal blood and hair Hg levels decreased significantly between the second and third trimesters of pregnancy. However, cord blood Hg was significantly higher than maternal blood at birth. Maternal hair was correlated with Hg blood concentration and was highly predictive of the organic fraction in cord blood. A strong dose relation was observed between the frequency of fish consumption before and during pregnancy and Hg exposure in mothers and newborns. Fish consumption prior to and during pregnancy explained 26% and 20% of cord blood Hg variance, respectively. For this population, detailed multivariate analyses showed that during pregnancy market fish (fresh, canned, and frozen) were more important sources of Hg exposure than were fish from the St. Lawrence River. These results should be taken into account for future advisories and intervention strategies, which should consider Hg levels in different species from all sources in order to maximize the nutritional input from fish and minimize the toxic risk.
BACKGROUND: Studies of long-term intake of industrially produced trans fatty acids (TFA) and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) suggest opposite effects on cardiovascular disease risk. Common mechanisms of action are probable. OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects on cardiovascular risk markers of dietary enrichment with TFA or n-3 PUFA. DESIGN: Randomized, double-blind, parallel intervention trial. SETTING: Department of Human Nutrition, The Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University. SUBJECTS: In all, 87 healthy males included, 79 completed. INTERVENTION: Subjects were randomly assigned to 8 weeks of a daily intake of 33 g of experimental fats from either partially hydrogenated soy oil containing 20 g of TFA, 12 g of fish oil with approximately 4 g of n-3 PUFA and 21 g of control fat, or 33 g of control fat. The experimental fats were incorporated into bakery products. Plasma lipids, blood pressure, heart rate variability (HRV), arterial dilatory capacity, compliance, and distensibility were recorded before and after intervention and at follow-up 12 weeks after the intervention. RESULTS: High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) decreased in the TFA group and triglycerides and mean arterial blood pressure decreased in the n-3 PUFA group compared to the control group. HRV, arterial dilatory capacity, compliance, and distensibility were unchanged. CONCLUSION: The results indicate that the association between coronary heart disease risk and intake of TFA and n-3 PUFA relates only modestly to changes in traditional risk markers. SPONSORSHIP: Danish Medical Research Council (Grant no. 22-01-0390), Center of Advanced Food Research (Copenhagen, Denmark) (Grant no. KVL-R-2001-107), the Danish Heart Association (Grant no. 99-2-3-45-22748), Novozymes (Bagsvaerd, Denmark), Aarhus Olie (Aarhus, Denmark), and from private sources. The experimental fats were provided by Pronova Biocare (Aalesund, Norway) and Aarhus Olie (Aarhus, Denmark). 
Heavy kava use has been associated with sudden death in Aboriginal Australians in Arnhem Land (Northern Territory, Australia) where poor diets and a high incidence of premature coronary heart disease are known. Heavy kava users may suffer additional risk if further malnourished. Among 98 people (62 males, 36 females) in one community, 36 never used kava, 26 were past users, and 36 were continuing users. Across kava-using groups skinfold thickness, body mass index and body fat decreased. Total- and LDL-cholesterol were elevated in kava users compared to both former users and never users. HDL-cholesterol was higher in current users vs never users. Across kava-using groups, triglycerides, homocysteine and diet-derived antioxidant vitamins alpha-tocopherol and retinol, did not vary. Plasma carotenoid levels (indicative of vegetable and fruit intake) were very low, but when adjusted for plasma cholesterol, did not vary between kava-using groups. An obsession for kava drinking may mediate kava's direct effects on nutritional status.
We have addressed the question whether the relatively high incidence of cardiovascular disease and certain cancers in countries of central/eastern Europe might be associated with nutritional imbalance, in particular a lack of fresh fruit and vegetables in the diet in winter months. Nutritional parameters and markers of oxidative stress were studied in three Slovak population groups: 46 survivors of myocardial infarction (MI group) and 48 healthy, normolipidemic subjects (NL), living in or near Bratislava; and 70 rural controls (RC group) living a more traditional life style in a country town. Data were collected in February/March and September/October of two consecutive years, representing times of minimum and maximum local availability of fresh fruits and vegetables. Oxidative stress was monitored using two biomarkers; plasma malondialdehyde (MDA, a product of lipid peroxidation), and oxidation of lymphocyte DNA. Dietary antioxidants, folic acid, homocysteine, total antioxidant status (FRAP) and uric acid were measured in plasma. Food frequency questionnaires were administered. Vegetable consumption in summer/autumn was twice as high as in winter/spring. DNA damage did not vary consistently across the seasons. Mean plasma MDA levels for the MI and NL groups showed a clear pattern, with high levels in winter/spring and low levels in summer/autumn. Folic acid showed a reciprocal pattern, similar to the pattern of vegetable consumption. The RC group had the smallest seasonal variations in vegetable consumption, folic acid levels, and MDA. High winter MDA levels are seen in those individuals with relatively low folic acid; they never occur in subjects with high plasma folic acid, implying that folic acid might directly protect against lipid oxidation. This study illustrates the value of the molecular epidemiological approach, while emphasising the need for well characterised population groups and valid biomarkers.
We studied non-hospitalized 30-69 y-old Japanese subjects to ascertain the influences of a 677C-T methylene-tetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) genotype, nutritional intake and lifestyle-related factors on plasma homocysteine (Hcys) and serum folate concentrations. Hcys was higher and serum folate was lower in males than in females (p < .01). The Hcys concentration was higher in the VV group than in the AA and AV groups for both males and females. However, a relatively low serum folate concentration of 18 +/- 7 nmol/L was found in the entire male group as compared with 22 +/- 10 nmol/L in all females. In the female subjects, serum folate concentrations differed among MTHFR genotypes, being lowest in the VV group. In all male subjects, log folate intake per 1,000 kcal was a significant positive predictor of log serum folate concentration (p < 0.01), while in females the log vitamin C intake per standard body weight was a significant positive variable (p < 0.001) predicting the log serum folate concentration. Smokers had significantly lower serum folate concentrations, regardless of dietary folate intake. High folate and vitamin C consumptions, appears to be beneficial to normal and heterozygous MTHFR genotype subjects for maintaining serum folate concentrations. Even a 400 microg daily intake of folate might be less than what is needed, especially for homozygous MTHFR subjects and smokers, to maintain an adequate serum folate concentration.
We have carried out a randomised trial comparing brief behavioural counselling with nutritional education counselling to increase fruit and vegetable consumption and associated biomarkers in adults from a low-income neighbourhood. The objective of the present analysis was to assess the impact of interventions on quality of life and health status, and associations between changes in fruit and vegetable consumption, plasma vitamins C and E, and quality of life. Behavioural counselling and nutritional education counselling were carried out in 271 adults in two 15 min sessions in a primary-care setting. Physical and mental health status (medical outcome study short form 36) and self-rated health were assessed at baseline, 8 weeks and 12 months, and analysed on an intention-to-treat basis. Both groups reported increased fruit and vegetable consumption; plasma vitamin E and beta-carotene also increased, with significantly greater changes in consumption and plasma beta-carotene in the behavioural counselling condition. Physical and mental health status, and the proportion of participants in good self-rated health, increased in both groups to a similar extent. Individual differences in improvements in physical health status and self-rated health were correlated with increases in fruit and vegetable intake and in plasma vitamins C and E, independently of age, gender, ethnicity, financial status, smoking, BMI and use of vitamin supplements. We conclude that participation in the present study was associated with improved health-related quality of life. Increases in fruit and vegetable intake and plasma vitamin levels may stimulate beneficial changes in physical health status in socio-economically deprived adults.
To find out whether the expressions of these adipocyte markers are influenced by oriental medicine, obesity rats induced by high fat diet (HFD) for 8 weeks were injected with 50 mg/100 g body weight adlay seed crude extract (ACE), daily for 4 weeks. The results are summarized as follows: HFD + ACE group significantly reduced food intakes and body weights. Weights of epididymal and peritoneal fat were dramatically increased in HFD groups compared with those of normal diet (ND) group but significantly decreased more in HFD + ACE group than those of HFD + saline group (sham). Those of brown adipocytes were increased in HFD + ACE group compared to ND and sham groups but there was no significant difference. The sizes in white adipose tissue (WAT) by microscope were markedly larger in HFD groups than ND group but considerably reduced in HFD + ACE group compared with sham group. The levels of triglyceride, total-cholesterol and leptin in blood serum were significantly decreased in HFD + ACE group compared to those of sham group. Leptin and TNF-alpha mRNA expressions in WAT of rats were remarkably increased more in sham group than in those of ND group. Those of HFD + ACE group were significantly decreased compared with those of sham group, especially. TNF-alpha mRNA expression in HFD + ACE group was declined more than that of ND group. In conclusion, treatments of ACE modulated expressions of leptin and TNF-alpha and reduced body weights, food intake, fat size, adipose tissue mass and serum hyperlipidemia in obesity rat fed HFD. Accordingly, the oriental medicine extract, adlay seed crude extract, can be considered for obesity therapies controlling.
The use of the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue, erythrocyte membranes, serum and plasma as biological markers of fatty acid intake was recently introduced in epidemiological studies. The biomarkers of fatty acid intake have the advantage of providing quantitative measurement independent of energy intake and of the subject's memory. We performed a meta-analysis of published results of epidemiological studies of the composition of fatty acids in biological samples and breast cancer risk. The analysis was based on 3 cohort and 7 case-control studies including 2,031 cases and 2,334 controls. The summary statistic used was the average of the relative risk estimated for each level of the fatty acid on study, weighted by the inverse of its variance. Random effect models were assumed when the test for heterogeneity was significant. Overall relative risks were estimated for studies including pre- and post-menopausal breast cancer and separately for post-menopausal women. In cohort studies, a significant protective effect was found for total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, while total monounsaturated fatty acids, oleic acid (C18:1 n-9c) and palmitic acid (C16:0) were significantly associated with an increase of breast cancer risk. Total saturated fatty acids were significantly associated with breast cancer risk in cohort studies only in postmenopausal women. For case-control studies, the only finding was for alpha linolenic acid (C18:3, n-3), which showed an inverse association bordering on statistical significance. The findings of cohort studies fit well with hypotheses derived from experimental animal studies. More epidemiological cohort studies that integrate biological markers of dietary fatty acid intake are needed in order to determine the contribution of different types of fatty acids in the etiology of breast cancer.
High levels of insulin have been associated with increased risk of breast cancer, and poorer survival after diagnosis. Data and sera were collected from 603 breast cancer patients, including information on diet and physical activity, medical history, family history, demographic, and reproductive risk factors. These data were analyzed to test the hypothesis that excess insulin and related factors are directly related to mortality after a diagnosis of breast cancer. The cohort was recruited from breast cancer patients treated at the British Columbia Cancer Agency between July 1991 and December 1992. Questionnaire and medical record data were collected at enrollment and outcomes were ascertained by linkage to the BC Cancer Registry after 10 years of follow-up. The primary outcome of interest was breast cancer-specific mortality (n = 112). Lifestyle data were analyzed using Cox proportional hazards regression models to relate risk factors to outcomes, controlling for potential confounders, such as age and stage at diagnosis. Data for biological variables were analyzed as a nested case-control study due to limited serum volumes, with at least one survivor from the same cohort as a control for each breast cancer death, matched on stage and length of follow-up. High levels of insulin were associated with poorer survival for postmenopausal women [odds ratio, 1.9; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.7-6.6, comparing highest to lowest tertile, P trend = 0.10], while high dietary fat intake was associated with poorer survival for premenopausal women (relative risk, 4.8; 95% CI, 1.3-18.1, comparing highest to lowest quartile). Higher dietary protein intake was associated with better survival for all women (relative risk, 0.4; 95% CI, 0.2-0.8, comparing highest to lowest quartile).
Magnesium (Mg) is the second most common intracellular electrolyte; in the body. Few data are available in general population studies on the assessment of Mg status and its relationship to dietary intake. We explored the relationship between several biological Mg surrogates (serum, red cell, and urinary), Mg intake, age, alcohol intake, and mean energy intake in a large sample of French adults issued from the SUVIMAX study. Serum Mg was positively correlated with red cell Mg in men and women (r = 0.17; p < 0.001) whereas no association was found between urinary Mg and red cell Mg nor between urinary Mg and serum Mg. Age was positively correlated with serum and red cell Mg in women (p < 0.001) and negatively correlated with urinary Mg in both genders (p < 0.001). Finally, a negative correlation was found between dietary intake and red cell Mg in women (r = -0.06; p < 0.05). Among the biological Mg surrogates, an association was found between serum Mg and red cell Mg. Further investigations should be conducted in order to determine the role played by dietary Mg intake in the relationship between health status and several biological Mg measurements.
OBJECTIVE: Different mechanical circulatory support (MCS) systems are used in children with intractable heart failure. However, the need for anticoagulation leads to hemorrhage with subsequent use of blood products. We compared the coagulation disorders and the need for blood products in children treated either with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) or with the Berlin Heart pulsatile pneumatic ventricular assist device. PATIENTS: We retrospectively reviewed the first 8-day course of 64 children who were on MCS for more than 2 days between 1990 and 2002. Thirty children (median age 7.4 years, weight 25.5 kg) received Berlin Heart support and 34 children (median age 1.8 years, weight 9.2 kg) ECMO. Anticoagulation was accomplished by continuous infusion of heparin. Red blood cell count, platelet count, aPTT, AT III, fibrinogen, and ACT were measured regularly. Depending on blood loss and the coagulation disorder, red blood cells, fresh frozen plasma, platelets, and AT III were substituted. RESULTS: There were no preoperative differences in hematological parameters between the two groups. In the Berlin Heart group platelet transfusion was 4.3 ml x kg x day vs 24.6 ml x kg x day in the ECMO group. Red blood cell substitution was 17.2 vs 60.3 ml.kg.day. Fresh frozen plasma substitution was 8.5 ml x kg x day vs 46.9 ml x kg x day (P<0.001). Even in the congenital heart defect subgroups, when MCS was implanted without recent cardiotomy, the differences were significant. Nevertheless, the mean daily values for hemoglobin, platelets, and fibrinogen were lower in the ECMO group. There was lower overall mortality in the Berlin Heart group. CONCLUSIONS: Compared to ECMO, use of the Berlin Heart in children results in less blood loss and lower consumption of red blood cells, platelets, and fresh frozen plasma. 
Alkylresorcinols, phenolic lipids present in high amounts in wholegrain wheat and rye, are of interest as potential biomarkers of the intake of these cereals. Alkylresorcinols are known to be absorbed by humans and animals, but little is known about their metabolism or resulting metabolites. A preliminary human study was carried out to identify alkylresorcinol metabolites in human urine. Urine samples, collected before and after a wheat-bran based meal, were deconjugated with beta-glucuronidase/sulphatase and then extracted with ethyl acetate. Extracts were separated by thin-layer chromatography, and fractions containing alkylresorcinols and possible metabolites were identified by retention on the plate compared to standard compounds, and staining with fast blue B. These fractions were further analysed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Deconjugated human urine after the wheat-bran based meal contained two alkylresorcinol metabolites, 3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid, as well as smaller amounts of unchanged alkylresorcinols, confirming the hypothesis that alkylresorcinols are metabolised in humans via beta-oxidation of their alkyl chain.
The aim of the present study was to clarify the relationship between urinary cadmium concentration (U-Cd) and total cadmium intake (T-Cd) based on individual data of Cd in urine. Morning urine specimens were collected from 198 persons (100 men with average age of 45.8 years and 98 women with average age of 50.7 years) living in the Kakehashi River basin in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan. The method used to calculate T-Cd basically mirrored that used in our previous study. Correlation coefficients between U-Cd and T-Cd of 0.879 and 0.835 were obtained in men and women, respectively, with both values statistically significant. Therefore, T-Cd is confirmed to be a useful indicator for external Cd exposure even on the basis of individual data of U-Cd.
BACKGROUND: Greek migrants to Australia have low all-cause and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. This may be partly due to maintenance of a traditional Mediterranean diet and its interaction with CVD risk factors. The enzyme paraoxonase-1 (PON1) is thought to contribute to the anti-atherogenic properties of high density lipoproteins (HDL) by metabolizing lipid peroxides. PON1 activity is subject to modulation by dietary and genetic factors. AIMS: To determine PON1 activity in Greek migrants and Anglo-Celtic subjects recruited from the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study, and its relationship to coronary risk factors and dietary markers. METHODS: Greek (n = 127) and Anglo-Celtic (n = 128) participants in the MCCS were recruited. By design, there were approximately equal numbers of men and women and of diabetic and non-diabetic subjects. Subjects were screened for glucose tolerance, dyslipidaemia, hypertension and coronary heart disease. Plasma markers of diet (carotenoids, retinol, tocopherol, homocysteine) and inflammation (C-reactive protein) were assessed. Serum PON1 activity was determined spectrophotometrically using two substrates: paraoxon (paraoxonase) and phenylacetate (arylesterase). RESULTS: PON1 activity was significantly higher in the presence of hyperlipidaemia but otherwise did not vary by ethnicity, presence of coronary heart disease, diabetes, hypertension or smoking. Among subjects with the high activity phenotype (defined by the ratio of paraoxonase:arylesterase activity), paraoxonase activity correlated directly with circulating diet-derived carotenoid concentrations for Greeks, and inversely with homocysteine and C-reactive protein for Anglo-Celtics. No such associations were seen among subjects with the low activity phenotype. CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest that dietary modulation of atherosclerotic risk may vary according to PON1 phenotype. 
BACKGROUND: Indian Asians living in Western Countries have an over 50 % increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) relative to their Caucasians counterparts. The atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype (ALP), which is more prevalent in this ethnic group, may in part explain the increased risk. A low dietary long chain n-3 fatty acid (LC n-3 PUFA) intake and a high dietary n-6 PUFA intake and n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio in Indian Asians have been proposed as contributors to the increased ALP incidence and CHD risk in this subgroup. AIM: To examine the impact of dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio on membrane fatty acid composition, blood lipid levels and markers of insulin sensitivity in Indian Asians living in the UK. METHODS: Twenty-nine males were assigned to either a moderate or high n-6:n-3 PUFA (9 or 16) diet for 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples were collected at baseline and 6 weeks for analysis of triglycerides, total-, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol, non-esterified fatty acids, glucose, insulin, markers of insulin sensitivity and C-reactive protein. RESULTS: Group mean saturated fatty acid, MUFA, n-6 PUFA and n-3 PUFA on the moderate and high n-6:n-3 PUFA diets were 26 g/d, 43 g/d, 15 g/d, 2 g/d and 25 g/d, 25 g/d, 28 g/d, 2 g/d respectively. A significantly lower total membrane n-3 PUFA and a trend towards lower EPA and DHA levels were observed following the high n-6:n-3 PUFA diet. However no significant effect of treatment on plasma lipids was evident. There was a trend towards a loss of insulin sensitivity on the high n-6:n- 3 PUFA diet, with the increase in fasting insulin (P = 0.04) and HOMA IR [(insulin x glucose)/22.5] (P = 0.02) reaching significance. CONCLUSION: The results of the current study suggest that, within the context of a western diet, it is unlikely that dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio has any major impact on the levels of LC n-3 PUFA in membrane phospholipids or have any major clinically relevant impact on insulin sensitivity and its associated dyslipidemia. 
BACKGROUND: An important therapeutic goal for patients with type 2 diabetes is weight loss, which improves metabolic abnormalities. Ad libitum low-fat diets cause weight loss in nondiabetic populations. Compared with diets higher in monounsaturated fat, however, eucaloric low-fat diets may increase plasma triacylglycerol concentrations and worsen glycemic control in persons with type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether, in type 2 diabetes patients, an ad libitum low-fat diet would cause greater weight loss than would a high-monounsaturated fat diet and would do this without increasing plasma triacylglycerol concentrations or worsening glycemic control. DESIGN: Eleven patients with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to receive an ad libitum low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet or a high-monounsaturated fat diet, each for 6 wk. The diets offered contained 125% of the estimated energy requirement to allow self-selection of food quantity. The response variables were body weight; fasting plasma lipid, lipoprotein, glucose, glycated hemoglobin A(1c), and fructosamine concentrations; insulin sensitivity; and glucose disposal. RESULTS: Body weight decreased significantly (1.53 kg; P < 0.001) only with the low-fat diet. Plasma total, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations tended to decrease during both diets. There were no interaction effects between diet and the lipid profile response over time. Plasma triacylglycerol concentrations, glycemic control, and insulin sensitivity did not differ significantly between the 2 diets. CONCLUSION: Contrary to expectations, the ad libitum, low-fat, high-fiber diet promoted weight loss in patients with type 2 diabetes without causing unfavorable alterations in plasma lipids or glycemic control. 
Observational evidence is accumulating that the onset of age-related maculopathy, the leading cause of legal blindness in the Western World, could be delayed, or even averted, with antioxidant supplements. Lutein (L) and zeaxanthin (Z) are two hydroxy-carotenoids with antioxidant activity which accumulate at the macula, where they are collectively known as macular pigment (MP). It has been shown that MP is entirely of dietary origin, and that L and Z levels in serum, diet, and retina correlate. However, the nature of the relationships between L and Z in foodstuffs, blood, and macula is confounded by many variables including processes which influence digestion, absorption, and transport of the compounds in question, and accumulation and stabilization of the carotenoids in the tissues. If macular pigment is protective for age-related maculopathy, a clear understanding of the mechanisms whereby L and Z arrive at the target tissue (retina) from their source (foodstuff) is essential. In this paper, we review the literature germane to this growing area of interest.
There is evidence that a diet rich in fruit and vegetables reduces blood pressure (BP). Characteristically, the Mediterranean diet is rich in plant-derived foods and also in fat, but studies conducted in Mediterranean countries to relate diet to BP are scarce. We studied the association between fruit and vegetable consumption and BP in a cross-sectional analysis of 4393 participants in the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) Study, an ongoing dynamic cohort study in Spain. Diet was measured using a food-frequency questionnaire previously validated in Spain. Fat represented more than 37 % total energy intake. Subjects were considered to have undiagnosed hypertension if they reported systolic BP > or = 140 mmHg or diastolic BP > or = 90 mmHg, and not a medical diagnosis of hypertension. The adjusted prevalence odds ratio of undiagnosed hypertension (upper v. lowest quintile) was 0.58 (95 % CI 0.36, 0.91; P for trend 0.01) for vegetable consumption and 0.68 (95 % CI 0.43, 1.09; P for trend 0.10) for fruit consumption. Comparing those in the highest quintile of both fruit and vegetable consumption with those in the lowest quintile of both food groups, the prevalence odds ratio was 0.23 (95 % CI 0.10, 0.55; P = 0.001), after adjusting for risk factors for hypertension and other dietary exposures. In a Mediterranean population with an elevated fat consumption, a high fruit and vegetable intake is inversely associated with BP levels.
OBJECTIVE: Nutritional status and lifestyle can have profound effects on health. To analyse behaviour patterns in population subgroups of public health importance, we compared lifestyle, dietary intake of energy and selected nutrients, and nutritional biomarkers of type 1 diabetes (T1DM) patients and nondiabetic first-degree relatives against control subjects with no family history of T1DM. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. SETTING: Department of Internal Medicine, University of Pisa, Italy. SUBJECTS: A total of 209 individuals including 38 type 1 patients, 76 relatives, and 95 healthy subjects. INTERVENTIONS: We used the European Prospective Investigation of Cancer and Nutrition questionnaires to assess dietary intake and lifestyle. Anthropometric indices and nutritional biomarkers (such as plasma levels of albumin, iron, lipids, homocysteine, vitamin B9 and vitamin B12 as well as urinary outputs of nitrogen, sodium and potassium) were evaluated. RESULTS: Emerging health issues: (1) In total, 45% of controls were overweight. Increasing age was associated with increasing body mass and decreasing activity in sport in front of an unchanged energy intake. (2) The distribution of energy sources was incorrect. The proportion of caloric intake derived from total fat and cholesterol did not match general guidelines. Total dietary fibre consumption was assessed to be adequate (25 g/day) in only 27% of all the participants. (3) Estimated daily intakes of water-soluble vitamin B9 and fat-soluble vitamin D and vitamin E were deficient in comparison with dietary reference intakes. (4) The prevalence of adoption and maintenance of healthful eating and physical activity habits was higher in women and T1DM patients (probably as a consequence of the medical educational intervention). On the contrary, supportiveness of the family in term of changing the undesirable behaviours at home seemed to fail. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides first evidence indicating unhealthy dietary behaviours, which could even predispose to the development of diabetes and cardiovascular complications, in subjects living in Pisa. The combination of vitamin B9 and vitamin E deprivation could be deleterious for endothelial function, since these antioxidants have been implicated in the modulation of nitric oxide and eicosanoid signalling. 
Abstract Associations were evaluated among self-reported dietary intakes of phylloquinone (vitamin K-1), lifestyle characteristics, and intermediary markers of cardiovascular disease risk in a population-based cohort of men and women. Dietary phylloquinone intakes were assessed by food frequency questionnaire in 1,338 men and 1,603 women (mean age, 54 years) participating in the Framingham Heart Study. Cross-sectional associations with lifestyle characteristics and lipid profiles, including total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglyceride concentrations, were estimated across increasing quintile categories of phylloquinone intakes. Participants in the highest quintile category of phylloquinone intake consumed more fruit, vegetables, fish, dietary fiber, and dietary supplements ( P <.001), and consumed less meat and less saturated fat ( P <.001). Higher phylloquinone intakes were also associated with lower triglyceride concentrations ( P <.001). In conclusion, a high phylloquinone intake may be a marker for an overall heart-healthy dietary pattern.
It has previously been shown that dietary copper can modulate the extent of atherosclerosis in the thoracic aorta of cholesterol-fed rabbits. The metabolism of copper and zinc are closely related, and it has been hypothesized that the balance of dietary copper to zinc may be important in determining coronary risk. Hence, we have investigated the interaction between dietary copper and zinc in atherogenesis in the New Zealand White rabbit. Juvenile male rabbits were randomly allocated to eight groups. Four groups were fed a normal chow diet with zinc (0.5%, w/w), copper (0.2%, w/w), copper plus zinc or neither in their drinking water for 12 weeks. Four other groups were fed a diet containing 0.25-1% (w/w) cholesterol plus zinc, copper, both or neither. Serum cholesterol of individual animals was maintained at approximately 20 mmol/l. Integrated plasma cholesterol levels were similar for all groups receiving cholesterol and significantly higher than those in the chow-fed groups (P < 0.001). Aortic copper concentrations were higher in the animals receiving cholesterol diets with copper compared to rabbits receiving normal chow and copper (P < 0.001). Aortic zinc content was significantly higher in cholesterol-fed rabbits supplemented with zinc alone or with copper than in those fed cholesterol alone (P < 0.001). Plasma ceruloplasmin concentrations were significantly higher in groups receiving cholesterol, irrespective of their trace element supplementation (P < 0.001). However, trace element supplementation increased the level significantly (P < 0.05). Trace element supplements did not appear to affect erythrocyte superoxide dismutase in the cholesterol-fed animals; however, zinc supplementation was associated with a significant increase in the enzyme in chow-fed animals (P < 0.05). The activity of the enzyme per mg of protein in aortic tissue was higher in animals receiving copper in the presence of cholesterol (P < 0.05) but not significantly so in its absence. Dietary trace element supplementation in cholesterol-fed animals was associated with a significant reduction in aortic lesion area. Plasma thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances and FOX concentrations were both significantly higher in the cholesterol-fed rabbits compared with the animals that fed on a chow diet (P < 0.001), and these were reduced significantly by dietary copper or zinc supplementation (P < 0.001). Hence, dietary supplements of copper or zinc at the doses used both inhibited aortic atherogenesis in the cholesterol-fed rabbits, although there was no significant additional effect when given in combination.
CONTEXT: The metabolic syndrome has been identified as a target for dietary therapies to reduce risk of cardiovascular disease; however, the role of diet in the etiology of the metabolic syndrome is poorly understood. OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of a Mediterranean-style diet on endothelial function and vascular inflammatory markers in patients with the metabolic syndrome. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS: Randomized, single-blind trial conducted from June 2001 to January 2004 at a university hospital in Italy among 180 patients (99 men and 81 women) with the metabolic syndrome, as defined by the Adult Treatment Panel III. INTERVENTIONS: Patients in the intervention group (n = 90) were instructed to follow a Mediterranean-style diet and received detailed advice about how to increase daily consumption of whole grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts, and olive oil; patients in the control group (n = 90) followed a prudent diet (carbohydrates, 50%-60%; proteins, 15%-20%; total fat, <30%). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Nutrient intake; endothelial function score as a measure of blood pressure and platelet aggregation response to l-arginine; lipid and glucose parameters; insulin sensitivity; and circulating levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and interleukins 6 (IL-6), 7 (IL-7), and 18 (IL-18). RESULTS: After 2 years, patients following the Mediterranean-style diet consumed more foods rich in monounsaturated fat, polyunsaturated fat, and fiber and had a lower ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acids. Total fruit, vegetable, and nuts intake (274 g/d), whole grain intake (103 g/d), and olive oil consumption (8 g/d) were also significantly higher in the intervention group (P<.001). The level of physical activity increased in both groups by approximately 60%, without difference between groups (P =.22). Mean (SD) body weight decreased more in patients in the intervention group (-4.0 [1.1] kg) than in those in the control group (-1.2 [0.6] kg) (P<.001). Compared with patients consuming the control diet, patients consuming the intervention diet had significantly reduced serum concentrations of hs-CRP (P =.01), IL-6 (P =.04), IL-7 (P = 0.4), and IL-18 (P = 0.3), as well as decreased insulin resistance (P<.001). Endothelial function score improved in the intervention group (mean [SD] change, +1.9 [0.6]; P<.001) but remained stable in the control group (+0.2 [0.2]; P =.33). At 2 years of follow-up, 40 patients in the intervention group still had features of the metabolic syndrome, compared with 78 patients in the control group (P<.001). CONCLUSION: A Mediterranean-style diet might be effective in reducing the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and its associated cardiovascular risk. 
Two experiments were performed in order to study how weaning and post-weaning dietary zinc level affect serum IGF-I. Further, whether the growth-enhancing effect of 2500 ppm of dietary zinc (Zn2500) and/or 175 ppm of dietary copper (Cu175) in post-weaning diets is associated with elevated serum IGF-I levels in piglets was studied. Experiment 1 included 54 piglets (six litters of nine piglets). One piglet from every litter was assigned to a control group (blood sampled 1 day before weaning). At weaning the remaining eight piglets from every litter were allocated randomly to four dietary treatments with increasing zinc inclusions (Zn100, Zn250, Zn1000, Zn2500). In exp. 2, 48 piglets (six litters of eight piglets) were allocated to four dietary treatments (Zn100, Zn100Cu175, Zn2500, Zn2500Cu175). All piglets in exp. 1 were blood sampled at -1, 1-2, 5-6 or 14-15 days after weaning and in exp. 2 blood samples were taken from all pigs 5-7 days after weaning. Feed intake was recorded per pen (two piglets) and weight gain was recorded for every piglet. Just after weaning feed intake was very low, piglets lost weight and serum IGF-I decreased in exp. 1. However, the piglets fed 2500 ppm of zinc reached pre-weaning levels of serum IGF-I at 14-15 days post-weaning, whereas piglets receiving lower zinc levels showed no changes in serum IGF-I. In exp. 2, additional dietary zinc in weaning diets for piglets was found to be associated with increased feed intake, improved growth rate and increased serum IGF-I. High levels of dietary copper did not affect any of these measurements. Zinc-induced rise in serum IGF-I was partly due to increased feed intake. After correcting for differences in feed intake, zinc significantly increased serum IGF-I. However, to completely separate effects of feed intake from effects of zinc status, pair-feeding should be considered in future studies.
BACKGROUND: An increased incidence of coronary artery disease (CAD) is prevalent in northern Mexico. Effects of specific dietary components on risk factors for CAD have not been evaluated in children. OBJECTIVE: The purpose was to evaluate the effects of dietary cholesterol provided by whole eggs on the lipoprotein profile, LDL size, and phenotype in children from this region. DESIGN: Children (29 girls and 25 boys aged 8-12 y) were randomly assigned to either 2 eggs/d (EGG period; 518 additional mg cholesterol) or the equivalent amount of egg whites (SUB period; 0 additional mg cholesterol) for 30 d. After a 3-wk washout period, the children were assigned to the alternate treatment. RESULTS: Subjects were classified as hyporesponders (no increase or </=0.05 mmol/L increase in plasma cholesterol for 100 mg additional cholesterol) or hyperresponders (>/=0.06 mmol/L increase). During the EGG period, the hyperresponders (n = 18) had an elevation in both LDL cholesterol (from 1.54 +/- 0.38 to 1.93 +/- 0.36 mmol/L) and HDL cholesterol (from 1.23 +/- 0.26 to 1.35 +/- 0.29 mmol/L) with no changes in LDL:HDL. In contrast, hyporesponders (n = 36) had no significant alterations in plasma LDL or HDL cholesterol. All subjects had an increase in LDL peak diameter during the EGG period (P < 0.01) and a decrease (P < 0.01) in the smaller LDL subfractions. In addition, 5 of the children having LDL phenotype B (15%) shifted from this high-risk pattern to pattern A after the EGG treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Intake of 2 eggs/d results in the maintenance of LDL:HDL and in the generation of a less atherogenic LDL in this population of Mexican children. 
OBJECTIVE: We compared plasma biomarkers of antioxidant status, oxidative stress, inflammation, and risk for coronary heart disease in long-term vegetarians and age- and sex-matched omnivores. METHODS: Thirty vegetarians (mean age +/- standard deviation: 44.2 +/- 9.0 y) were recruited. The subjects had been vegetarian for 5 to 55 y (21.8 +/- 12.2 y). The control group comprised 30 adults selected by age-stratified sampling from a community health project (mean age: 44.0 +/- 9.2 y). Fasting plasma total antioxidant status (ferric-reducing antioxidant power), ascorbic acid (AA), alpha-tocopherol (total and lipid standardized), malondialdehyde, total cholesterol, triacylglycerol, uric acid (UA), and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured. RESULTS: Plasma AA was significantly higher in the vegetarians than in the omnivores (90.5 +/- 21.0 and 61.8 +/- 17.0 microM; P < 0.001). The vegetarians had lower concentrations of triacylglycerol, UA, and hsCRP. Plasma total and lipid-standardized alpha-tocopherol concentrations were also lower in the vegetarians: 22.0 +/- 5.9 and 27.0 +/- 7.9 microM versus 3.76 +/- 0.57 and 4.23 +/- 0.58 microM per millimoles per liter of total cholesterol plus triacylglycerol, respectively. There was a significant inverse correlation between AA and UA (r = -0.343, P < 0.01; n = 60) and between AA and hsCRP (r = -0.306, P < 0.05; n = 55). Plasma ferric-reducing antioxidant power and malondialdehyde did not differ significantly between groups; however, the contribution of AA to the total antioxidant capacity of plasma was approximately 50% greater in the vegetarians. CONCLUSIONS: A long-term vegetarian diet is associated with markedly higher fasting plasma AA concentrations and lower concentrations of TAG, UA, and hsCRP. Long-term vegetarians have a better antioxidant status and coronary heart disease risk profile than do apparently healthy omnivores. Plasma AA may act a useful marker of overall health status. 
OBJECTIVE: To measure folate content in cooked foods commonly consumed in Korea for evaluating its relation to folate nutriture of college students. DESIGN: Folate content in 32 raw and cooked foods was measured by microbiological assay after trienzyme extraction. These values and the previously published values of 110 raw foods commonly consumed in Korea were used to update the currently available food tables to estimate dietary folate intake of 106 students based on a 3-day 24-h recall. The association of folate intake with blood folate and homocysteine concentrations was evaluated. SETTING: Cheongju, Korea. SUBJECTS: Healthy college students aged 18 to 27 y old (44 males and 62 females). RESULTS: The average folate loss in 32 foods caused by cooking was 29%. The mean daily dietary folate intakes estimated with an updated database were 406 and 305 mug in males and females, respectively. About 10% of both male and female students showed low serum folate (<6.8 nmol/l). Folate intake was positively correlated with serum and erythrocyte folate concentrations in female students (r=0.27 and 0.29, respectively, P<0.05), and negatively correlated with serum homocysteine in male students (r=-0.41, P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Mean dietary folate intake was higher than those of previous studies since the database was updated using values obtained with trienzyme extraction. Folate intake for the general population should be re-evaluated using reliable food folate values obtained with trienzyme extraction. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to validate a diet history interview (DHI) method and a 3-day activity registration (AR) with biological markers. SUBJECTS AND STUDY DESIGN: The reported dietary intake of 33 rheumatoid arthritis patients (17 patients on a Mediterranean-type diet and 16 patients on a control diet) participating in a dietary intervention study was assessed using the DHI method. The total energy expenditure (TEE), estimated by a 3-day AR, was used to validate the energy intake (EI). For nine subjects the activity registration was also validated by means of the doubly labelled water (DLW) method. The excretion of nitrogen, sodium and potassium in 24-h urine samples was used to validate the intake of protein, sodium and potassium. RESULTS: There was no significant difference between the EI and the TEE estimated by the activity registration or between the intake of protein, sodium and potassium and their respective biological markers. However, in general, the AR underestimated the TEE compared to the DLW method. No significant differences were found between the subjects in the Mediterranean diet group and the control diet group regarding the relationship between the reported intakes and the biological markers. CONCLUSION: The DHI could capture the dietary intake fairly well, and the dietary assessment was not biased by the dietary intervention. The AR showed a bias towards underestimation when compared to the DLW method. This illustrates the importance of valid biological markers. 
BACKGROUND: Reliability or validity studies are important for the evaluation of measurement error in dietary assessment methods. An approach to validation known as the method of triads uses triangulation techniques to calculate the validity coefficient of a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). OBJECTIVE: To assess the validity of an FFQ estimates of carotenoid and vitamin E intake against serum biomarker measurements and weighed food records (WFRs), by applying the method of triads. DESIGN: The study population was a sub-sample of adult participants in a randomised controlled trial of beta-carotene and sunscreen in the prevention of skin cancer. Dietary intake was assessed by a self-administered FFQ and a WFR. Nonfasting blood samples were collected and plasma analysed for five carotenoids (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein, lycopene) and vitamin E. Correlation coefficients were calculated between each of the dietary methods and the validity coefficient was calculated using the method of triads. The 95% confidence intervals for the validity coefficients were estimated using bootstrap sampling. RESULTS: The validity coefficients of the FFQ were highest for alpha-carotene (0.85) and lycopene (0.62), followed by beta-carotene (0.55) and total carotenoids (0.55), while the lowest validity coefficient was for lutein (0.19). The method of triads could not be used for beta-cryptoxanthin and vitamin E, as one of the three underlying correlations was negative. CONCLUSIONS: Results were similar to other studies of validity using biomarkers and the method of triads. For many dietary factors, the upper limit of the validity coefficients was less than 0.5 and therefore only strong relationships between dietary exposure and disease will be detected. 
Dietary-induced metabolic acidosis (DIMA) has been implicated as a significant confounder in the development of osteoporosis. Twenty-four mature ewes were randomly assigned to four groups of six sheep. Group 1 consumed a control diet (ND); group 2 consumed a normal diet (ND) and had ovariectomy (OVX), group 3 consumed a diet that induced metabolic acidosis (MA), without OVX, and group 4 consumed a diet that induced MA, with OVX. The study was conducted over 180 days and the sheep were maintained on the assigned diet throughout. Sheep were weighed and bone mineral density (BMD) was measured, using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DEXA), on days 0 and 180. Serum bone alkaline phosphatase (BAP), urine deoxypyridinoline (DPD), and fractional excretions (FE) of Ca and P were determined on days 0, 90, and 180. Arterial blood pH was determined on day 180. Analysis consisted of a two-way analysis of variance for repeated measures with significance set at P < or = 0.05. Body weights, serum BAP, and urine DPD were not influenced by either diet or OVX status. DIMA did significantly increase urinary FE of Ca and P and significantly decreased lumbar BMD and arterial pH. Arterial pH remained within physiologic normal limits. DIMA was a more potent cause of calcium wasting than OVX over the time frame of this study. Sheep appear to be sensitive to DIMA and will therefore be a useful animal model to study the influence of diet on the development of osteoporosis. The specific mechanisms through which DIMA exerts its influence are still unknown and are the subject of ongoing studies.
OBJECTIVES: To validate a new, self-administered questionnaire for assessing key domains of sexual function and satisfaction in aging men with urogenital health concerns. METHODS: The initial items were identified by patient interviews, review of current reports, and expert panel solicitation. The resulting 25-item questionnaire was subjected to psychometric evaluation and refinement using two discriminant validity studies in aging men with urogenital symptoms compared with age-matched controls. Psychometric tests of reliability, discriminant, and criterion validity were performed. RESULTS: Qualitative testing revealed adequate comprehension and content validity of the initial item set. Two domains of sexual function (ejaculation, erection) were identified in the first discriminant validity study, each of which showed a high degree of internal consistency (alpha = 0.81 and alpha = 0.90, respectively) and test-retest reliability (r = 0.86 and r = 0.87, respectively). Both sexual function domains discriminated well between men with and without urogenital manifestations of lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and sexual dysfunction (P <0.001). An additional domain of sexual satisfaction was added in the second validation study, with similarly high internal consistency (alpha = 0.90) and test-retest reliability (r = 0.88). Tests of convergent and divergent validity, including correlations with standardized scales for depression (Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depressed Mood Scale), sexual function (International Index of Erectile Function), and life satisfaction (Fugl-Meyer), confirmed the criterion validity of the new measure. CONCLUSIONS: The Male Sexual Health Questionnaire assesses sexual function and satisfaction in older men with urogenital symptoms of LUTS and sexual dysfunction. This new instrument has excellent psychometric properties and is well suited for use in clinical and research settings. 
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Type 2 diabetes mellitus is characterised by heightened inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. Moderate alcohol intake has been associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetic patients. It remains to be determined whether there is an association between alcohol and inflammation in individuals with diabetes. METHODS: We investigated the relationship between alcohol intake and inflammation in 726 of 18,159 men who returned blood samples in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study and had confirmed type 2 diabetes at blood draw. RESULTS: In age-adjusted analyses, alcohol intake was associated with lower levels of HbA1c, fibrinogen, soluble tumour necrosis factor receptor-2 (sTNF-R2) and soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), and with higher levels of HDL cholesterol and adiponectin (p value for trends <0.05). After adjustment for age, HbA1c, insulin use, fasting status, smoking, BMI, physical activity, aspirin use, prevalence of cardiovascular disease and dietary factors, each additional drink per day was related to increased HDL cholesterol (0.053 mmol/l, p<0.0001) and adiponectin (0.8 microg/ml, p=0.01), and decreased sTNFR-2 (73 pg/ml, p=0.03), fibrinogen (0.302 micromol/l, p=0.02) and sVCAM-1 (33 ng/ml, p=0.02). The relationship between alcohol and inflammatory biomarkers persisted when subjects were stratified according to HbA1c levels. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Moderate alcohol intake may have a beneficial effect on markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in type 2 diabetic patients. 
Current evidence supports a significant association between fruit and vegetable intake and health. In this study, we assessed the effect of consuming a vegetable-soup "gazpacho" on vitamin C and biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation in a healthy human population. We also examined the association between vitamin C and F(2)-isoprostanes (8-epiPGF(2alpha)), uric acid (UA), prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)), monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1), and the cytokines, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta), and IL-6. Gazpacho is a Mediterranean dish defined as a ready-to-use vegetable soup, containing approximately 80% crude vegetables rich in vitamin C. Subjects (6 men, 6 women) enrolled in this study consumed 500 mL/d of gazpacho corresponding to an intake of 72 mg of vitamin C. On d 1, subjects consumed the gazpacho in one dose; from d 2 until the end of the study, d 14, 250 mL was consumed in the morning and 250 mL in the afternoon. Blood was collected before drinking the soup (baseline) and on d 7 and 14. Baseline plasma vitamin C concentrations did not differ between men and women (P = 0.060). Compared with baseline, the vitamin C concentration was significantly higher on d 7 and 14 of the intervention in both men and women (P < 0.05). Baseline plasma levels of UA and F(2)-isoprostanes were higher (P < or = 0.002) in men than in women. The F(2)-isoprostanes decreased on d 14 in men and women (P < or = 0.041), and UA decreased in men (P = 0.028). The concentrations of vitamin C and 8-epiPGF(2alpha) were inversely correlated (r = -0.585, P = 0.0002). Plasma PGE(2) and MCP-1 concentrations decreased in men and women (P < or = 0.05) on d 14, but those of TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, and IL-6 did not change. Consumption of the vegetable soup decreases oxidative stress and biomarkers of inflammation, which indicates that the protective effect of vegetables may extend beyond their antioxidant capacity.
Homocysteine levels are considered, by some investigators, as an independent factor of cardiovascular disease; however, others suggest that there is not a causal relationship. The aim of this work was to investigate the associations between homocysteine levels and several lifestyle-related factors. The ATTICA study is a population-based cohort that has randomly enrolled 1128 adult men and 1154 women, stratified by age and gender, from the greater area of Athens, during 2001-2002. Among several demographic, lifestyle, clinical and biochemical characteristics, we measured total plasma homocysteine levels. For the present analysis, we excluded people who had a history of cardiovascular disease. The factors that showed the strongest relationship with homocysteine levels, in both genders, even after adjusting for several potential confounders were: cigarette smoking (p = 0.03), endurance exercise (inverse, p < 0.05), fruit (inverse, p = 0.01) and vegetable intake (inverse, p = 0.04), and alcohol (p = 0.04) and coffee intake (p = 0.04). In conclusion, several lifestyle-related factors seem to be associated with homocysteine levels. However, the vast majority of the associations were weak when we adjusted for other co-factors. The latter may indicate the mutual confounding effect of various socio-demographic, anthropometric and other clinical characteristics on the relationship between homocysteine and cardiovascular risk.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the prevalence of excretion of urinary isoflavonoids in women and determine any relationships with accustomed macronutrient intake. DESIGN: Volunteers in one of two 4-month studies. Study 1 was a randomised crossover study whereby subjects consumed a placebo or isoflavone supplement for 2 months and crossed over. Study 2 was a parallel design in which subjects consumed a placebo for 1 month and an isoflavone supplement for 3 months. SETTING: All subjects were free-living, healthy volunteers. SUBJECTS: A total of 25 (study 1, n=14; study 2, n=11) premenopausal women were recruited through advertisements. INTERVENTIONS: Volunteers were supplemented for 2 months (study 1) or 3 months (study 2) with purified isoflavones (86 mg/day) derived from red clover. Urinary isoflavonoids were measured during the placebo and the second month of isoflavone treatment. Macronutrient intakes were determined from weighed food records. RESULTS: During isoflavone supplementation, the concentration of urinary total isoflavonoids increased by 15-fold (P<0.0001), with 5.4-fold variation between individuals. Multiple linear regression analysis showed that 24% of this variation could be explained by an interaction between dietary fibre and protein (P=0.047), with a highly significant inverse association between total isoflavonoid concentration and the protein to fibre ratio (r=-0.51, P=0.009). CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation with purified isoflavones results in an increase in urinary isoflavonoid excretion and part of the individual variation in response is associated with an interaction between intakes of protein and dietary fibre. Whether manipulation of these macronutrients could enhance efficacy of isoflavone supplements remains to be determined. 
BACKGROUND: In obese subjects, chronic low-grade inflammation contributes to an increased risk of metabolic abnormalities, which are reversed by weight loss. Sustained weight loss, however, is difficult to achieve and more insight into dietary approaches on anti-inflammatory responses in obese subjects is needed. In this respect, fish oil deserves attention. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Eleven obese men (BMI: 30-35 kg m(-2)) received daily fish oil (1.35 g n-3 fatty acids) or placebo capsules in random order for 6 weeks. Eight subjects continued with a weight reduction study that lasted 8 weeks. Mean weight loss was 9.4 kg. At the end of each experimental period a postprandial study was performed. RESULTS: Relative to fasting concentrations, interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels increased by 75% 2 h and by 118% 4 h after the meal (P < 0.001), when subjects consumed the control capsules. In contrast, C-reactive protein (C-RP) concentrations decreased slightly by 0.7% and 6.6% (P = 0.046), and those of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) antigen by, respectively, 26% and 53% (P < 0.001). Tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha; P = 0.330) and soluble TNF-receptor concentrations (sTNF-R55 and sTNF-R75; P = 0.451 and P = 0.108, respectively) did not change. Changes relative to fasting concentrations were not significantly affected by either fish oil or weight reduction. Absolute IL-6, C-RP, sTNF-R55, sTNF-R75, and PAI-1 antigen concentrations, however, were consistently lower after weight reduction, but not after fish oil consumption. CONCLUSION: For slightly obese subjects a moderate intake of fish oil does not have the same favourable effects on markers for a low-grade inflammatory state as weight reduction. 
The causal relation of total Homocysteine (tHcy) to coronary heart diseases (CHD) is unclear. In vitro studies suggest a proinflammatory effect. Among 32,826 women from the Nurses' Health Study who provided blood samples in 1989-1990, 237 CHD events were documented during 8 years of follow-up. The cases (1:2) were matched to controls on age, smoking, and month of blood draw. Plasma tHcy was inversely associated with blood levels of folate (partial r = -0.3, P < 0.0001) and B1(2) (r = -0.2, P < 0.0001) and with dietary intake of folate (r = -0.1, P < 0.01) and B(2) vitamin (r = -0.1, P = 0.01). tHcy was positively associated with soluble tumor necrosis receptor (sTNF-R) 1 and 2 (partial r = 0.2, P < 0.0001). In a multivariate model adjusted for age, smoking, BMI, parental history, hypertension, diabetes, postmenopausal hormone use, physical activity and alcohol intake, the relative risk of CHD between the extreme quartiles of tHcy was 1.66 (95% CI; 1.05-2.64, P trend = 0.02). The association was not appreciably attenuated after further adjustments for sTNF-R1, sTNF-R2, CRP, or Total Cholesterol:/HDL-c ratio. tHcy is an independent risk predictor of CHD and modestly associated with TNF-receptors. However, the inflammatory biomarkers measured could not explain its role in CHD.
Relationship between dietary intake and serum anabolic hormone concentrations of testosterone (T), free testosterone (FT), and growth hormone were examined at rest as well as after the heavy-resistance exercise (HRE) in 8 strength athletes (SA) and 10 physically active non-athletes (NA). In the first part of the study serum basal anabolic hormone concentrations and dietary intake were examined in the total group of subjects. In the second part of the study a subgroup of 5 SA and 5 NA performed the high volume and high intensity HRE. Dietary intake was registered by dietary diaries for 4 days preceding the loading day. Significant correlations were observed between serum basal T and fat (E%: r = 0.55, p < 0.05, g/kg: r = 0.65, p < 0.01) and protein intake (E%: r = - 0.77, p < 0.001, g/kg: r = - 0.68, p < 0.01) in the total group of subjects. However, when the two groups were examined separately the significant relationships between serum basal T and dietary fat and protein could be noticed in SA only (fat g/kg: SA r = 0.77, p < 0.05; in NA r = 0.44, n.s., protein g/kg: SA r = - 0.84, p < 0.05; in NA r = 0.27, n.s.). Both serum T and FT responses to HRE were correlated with fat (E%: r = 0.85, p < 0.01 and r = 0.73, p < 0.05, g/kg: r = 0.72, p < 0.05 and r = 0.77, p < 0.01) and protein (E%: r = - 0.81, p < 0.01 and r = - 0.69, p < 0.05, g/kg: r = - 0.86, p < 0.01 and r = - 0.65, p < 0.05). The results suggest the possible role of diet leading to alterations in serum T and FT during prolonged strength training, and that diets with insufficient fat and/or excessive protein may compromise the anabolic hormonal environment over a training program.
This paper examines the reliability of sport fish consumption data from the New York State Angler Cohort Study (NYSACS). NYSACS is a prospective cohort study conducted among New York State registered sportsmen and fishermen. Sport fish consumption information for New York State waters including the Great Lakes between June 1990 and June 1991 were collected through self-administered questionnaires, Spouses of male anglers were asked to provide their husbands' fish consumption during the same time period. A short telephone interview after the cohort was ascertained was also conducted among about 100 study participants for the purpose of quality control. Percentage agreement, kappa, and weighted kappa were calculated to evaluate the reliability of the interview using spousal data and reinterview data. Overall, for the total fish consumption between June 1990 and June 1991, percentage agreement, kappa, and weighted kappa between spousal data and primary response were 67.28%, 0.5087, and 0.6157, respectively. For reinterview data, weighted kappa ranged from 0.4510 to 0.5285 for season-specific analysis and kappa ranged from 0.4615 to 0.7006 for fish species-specific analysis. Spouses may be a good source of proxy data for fish consumption. The reliability of sport fish consumption data for the NYSACS study is acceptable, suggesting that the food frequency measuring methods employed are a viable approach to obtain retrospective sport fish consumption data from sportsmen and subsistence anglers.
Different negative effects of smoking are known (e.g. postoperative complications), which lead, especially in plastic surgery, to unsatisfactory results. The aim of this study was to examine the appropriateness of a cotinine enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for routine usage in operative disciplines. By correlation of smoking habits and concentration of cotinine in serum and urine, we tried to ascertain reference values for smokers, passive smokers and non-smokers. The reliability and sensitivity of the cotinine ELISA concerning nicotine exposure need to be proven. 165 (108 men, 57 women) test persons were examined by detecting cotinine in serum and urine by ELISA. The study shows a very good sensitivity, precision and reproducibility of the cotinine ELISA according to the laboratory criteria. The test shows significance of a good differentiation between smokers, passive smokers and non-smokers in urine. In serum, cotinines are excellent to differentiate between smokers and non-smokers/passive smokers. Urine and serum tests demonstrate valid and comparable results.
Four fulvic acid dietary supplement samples were obtained for this study with the intention of investigating the elemental composition and association of fulvic acids found in fulvic acid supplements. This was achieved by coupling size-exclusion chromatography (SEC) sequentially with UV-vis and inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometric (ICP-MS) detectors. The combination of UV and ICP-MS offered highly sensitive and selective detection. This technique was used in the present study to initially investigate the chemical association of several different elements including, Cr, Co, Ca, Fe, I, Mg, Zn, Se, Cu, Mn, Mo, As, Hg, Pb, and Ag, by observing the elution profile of the fulvic acids obtained with UV detection and matching their retention times with the peaks measured with ICP-MS. The results found based on this type of analysis suggest that there was some association of the elements to the fulvic acids. It was also of interest to observe the stability of these complexes upon human digestion; therefore a gastric digestion was mimicked. In the fulvic acid dietary supplement samples studied, fulvic acids were present in the samples and there was elemental association based on the retention time overlap in the UV as well as the ICP-MS. The fulvic complexes found in the samples were of a low molecular weight As a result of the digestion the SEC-ICP-MS chromatographic profile in some of the samples changed, which may infer that the elemental association had changed.
Adaptation of the residual small bowel following resection is dependent on luminal and humoral factors. We aimed to establish if circulating levels of glucagon-like peptide (GLP-2) change under different dietary regimens following resection and to determine if there is a relationship between plasma GLP-2 levels and markers of intestinal adaptation. Four-week-old piglets underwent a 75% proximal small bowel resection (n = 31) or transection (n = 14). Postoperatively they received either pig chow (n = 14), nonpolymeric (elemental) infant formula (n = 7), or polymeric infant formula alone (n = 8) or supplemented either with fiber (n = 6) or with bovine colostrum protein concentrate (CPC; n = 10) for 8 weeks until sacrifice. Plasma GLP-2 levels were measured at weeks 0, 2, 4, and 8 postoperatively. In addition, end-stage parameters were studied at week 8 including weight gain, ileal villus height, crypt depth, and disaccharidase levels. Plasma GLP-2 levels were higher in resected animals compared to transected animals fed the same diet. Plasma GLP-2 levels were significantly increased in the colostrum protein isolate-supplemented animals following resection compared to all other diet groups. The increase in plasma GLP-2 (pM) was greatest in the first 2 weeks postresection (week 0, 15.5; week 2, 30.9), followed by a plateau at weeks 2 to 4 and a decrease in GLP-2 levels from week 4 to week 8. At week 8, no relationships were found between the plasma GLP-2 levels and the measurements of weight gain, villus height, lactase, sucrase, maltase, crypt depth, or villus/crypt ratio. Plasma GLP-2 levels increase in the first weeks following massive small intestinal resection. The increase in plasma GLP-2 levels was enhanced by supplementation of the diet with CPC. The changes in GLP-2 levels observed in this study may suggest that GLP-2 plays a role in the adaptive response in the intestine following resection in this preclinical model.
Nutrient intake and urine composition were analyzed in calcium oxalate (CaOx)stone-forming and healthy control dogs to identify factors that contribute to CaOx urolithiasis. Stone-forming dogs had significantly lower intake of sodium, calcium, potassium, and phosphorus and significantly higher urinary calcium and oxalate concentrations, calcium excretion, and CaOx relative supersaturation (RSS). Feeding a diet used in the treatment of canine lower urinary tract disease for 1 month was associated with increased intake of moisture, sodium, and fat; reduced intake of potassium and calcium; and decreased urinary calcium and oxalate concentrations, calcium excretion, and CaOx RSS. No clinical signs of disease recurrence were observed in the stone-forming dogs when the diet was fed for an additional 11 months. The results suggest that hypercalciuria and hyperoxaluria contribute to the formation of CaOx uroliths in dogs and show that dietary modifications can alter this process.
AIMS: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the psychometric properties of and validate the German-language version of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) in women with stress urinary incontinence (SUI). METHODS: A total of 145 women treated for stress incontinence with surgery or physiotherapy completed the the KHQ and the SF-36 before and after treatment. Psychometric analyses of the quality of life (QoL) instruments determined the reliability (Cronbach's alpha), internal and external validity, and responsiveness of the KHQ subscales. RESULTS: The KHQ showed good internal consistency, content validity, and criterion validity as measured by correlation with scores on the SF-36. Cronbach's alpha coefficient ranged from 0.76 to 0.86, indicating a high internal consistency of the subscales. Concerning criterion validity, correlations between the KHQ subscales and the SF-36 were low to moderate. The highest correlation was found between the general health perception subscales of both questionnaires. CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate good psychometric properties for the German-language KHQ. 
Leptin is the hormone product of the obese gene synthesized and secreted predominantly by white adipocytes. It functions as a lipostatic signal regulating BW, food intake, energy expenditure, reproduction, and certain immune system functions. Although previous studies have identified polymorphisms in the coding regions of the leptin gene in cattle that show considerable associations with feed intake, milk quality and quantity, and carcass fatness, no such associations have been reported for the leptin promoter. The current study reports associations between SNP in the 5' untranslated promoter region of the bovine leptin gene with serum leptin concentration, growth, BW, feed intake, feeding behavior, and carcass merit in hybrid cattle (n = 150). The study showed that animals with the TT genotype of a less frequent cytosine/thymine (C/ T) substitution (UASMS2; frequency of thymine allele equals 0.21) detected at position 528 in the bovine leptin promoter (GenBank Accession No. AB070368) show 48 and 39% increases in serum leptin concentration (P < 0.001), 39 and 31% increases in backfat thickness (P < 0.001), and 13 and 9% increase in marbling score (P = 0.01), compared with CC or CT genotypes, respectively. Animals with the TT genotype also show significantly higher feed intake (P < 0.001), growth rate, metabolic BW (P < 0.05), and live weight at slaughter (P < 0.10). Animals with the GG genotype of a more frequent cytosine/guanine (C/G) substitution (UASMS3; frequency of G allele equals 0.59) at position 1759 in the bovine leptin promoter (GenBank Accession No. AB070368) also show higher feed intake (P = 0.001), growth rate (P < 0.10), and BW (P < 0.01). The thymine allele of UASMS2 and the guanine allele of UASMS3 were separately associated with higher feeding duration (P < 0.05). The two SNP show significant linkage disequilibrium and could also be relevant in predicting other characteristics, such as milk yield and quality in cattle. These results, however, represent the initial associations of the polymorphisms with these traits, and further efforts are required to validate these findings in other populations.
In humans, a hyperactivity of glucocorticoid metabolism was postulated to be involved in the intrauterine programming of the metabolic syndrome in adulthood. We studied in rats the effects of overfeeding, obtained by reducing the size of the litter in the immediate postnatal period, a time crucial for neuroendocrine maturation such as late gestation in humans. Overfeeding induced early-onset obesity and accelerated the maturation of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis together with an upregulation of adipose tissue glucocorticoid receptor (GR) mRNA. In adulthood, neonatally overfed rats presented with moderate increases in basal and stress-induced corticosterone secretion and striking changes in visceral adipose tissue glucocorticoid signaling, that is, enhanced GR and 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 mRNA levels. The above-mentioned alterations in the endocrine status of overfed rats were accompanied by a moderate overweight status and significant metabolic disturbances comparable to those described in the metabolic syndrome. Our data demonstrate for the first time that postnatal overfeeding accelerates the maturation of the HPA axis and leads to permanent upregulation of the HPA axis and increased adipose tissue glucocorticoid sensitivity. Thus, the experimental paradigm of postnatal overfeeding is a powerful tool to understand the pathophysiology of glucocorticoid-induced programming of metabolic axes.
To investigate whether the high prevalence of coronary heart disease (CHD) and type II diabetes prevalent in Northern Mexico could be related to the presence at a young age of biomarkers for chronic disease, 25 boys and 29 girls (8-12 y old) from a low socioeconomic group were recruited. Plasma lipids, LDL phenotype, apolipoproteins (apos), glucose, and insulin were evaluated. Analysis of 3-d dietary records indicated the typical intake of this region to be high in total fat (37-43% energy) and saturated fat (11-13% energy). Boys and girls had an average of 6623 +/- 2892 and 6112 +/- 2793 steps/d, respectively, as measured by a pedometer, suggesting a low level of activity. Plasma total and LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) were within the 50th percentile. In contrast, the study population was characterized by having high triglycerides (TG) (95th percentile, 1.25 +/- 0.37 mmol/L in boys and 1.19 +/- 0.38 mmol/L in girls). HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) concentrations were low (25th percentile), 1.22 +/- 0.20 mmol/L in girls and 1.29 +/- 0.20 mmol/L in boys. There was also a high prevalence of the small dense LDL phenotype B (69%), which is associated with increased risk for CHD. These results suggest that the population of children studied may have 2 different components of risk, one being the high-fat diet, which could be associated with the elevated levels of plasma LDL-C present in the adult population. A second component, related to the insulin resistance syndrome, may be principally genetic and associated with the high TG, low HDL, and LDL phenotype B observed in these Mexican children.
We investigated the relative validity of an interview-administered FFQ to estimate phytoestrogen intake among South Asian women in the UK. A population-based sample of 108 healthy South Asian women completed random repeated monthly 24-h recalls [with a subsample (n = 58) also providing multiple plasma samples] over a period of 1 y followed by administration of the FFQ. The FFQ produced slightly higher estimates of phytoestrogen intake than the 24-h recalls, but the percentage of women classified into the same +/- 1 quartile by the 2 methods was high for all phytoestrogens (from 81 to 94%) with only a small percentage (<5%) being misclassified into extreme opposite quartiles. Energy-adjusted Spearman correlations coefficients between the estimates obtained by the FFQ and the 24-h recalls were 0.55 for genistein, 0.60 for daidzein, 0.70 for secoisolariciresinol, and 0.63 for matairesinol (all P < 0.001). Spearman correlation coefficients between the FFQ estimates and plasma levels were 0.21 (P = 0.12) for genistein, 0.32 (P = 0.02) for daidzein and 0.10 (P = 0.43) for enterolactone; the corresponding values for the 24-h recalls compared with plasma levels were 0.43 (P < 0.001), 0.40 (P = 0.002), and 0.08 (P = 0.50), respectively. The method of triads was used to estimate the validity coefficients (VCs) between the estimates provided by each assessment method and "true intake." The FFQ had the highest VC for lignans (0.91 vs. 0.73 for 24-h recalls and 0.11 for plasma samples) and satisfactory VCs for both genistein (0.46 vs. 0.95 and 0.45, respectively) and daidzein (0.67 vs. 0.83 and 0.45, respectively). This FFQ is thus a relatively valid tool with which to estimate phytoestrogen intake among South Asian women in the UK.
OBJECTIVE: Various commonly consumed foods have long been suspected of affecting the serum uric acid level, but few data are available to support or refute this impression. Our objective was to evaluate the relationship between dietary factors and serum uric acid levels in a nationally representative sample of men and women in the US. METHODS: Using data from 14,809 participants (6,932 men and 7,877 women) ages 20 years and older in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (for the years 1988-1994), we examined the relationship between the intake of purine-rich foods, protein, and dairy products and serum levels of uric acid. Diet was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire. We used multivariate linear regression to adjust for age, sex, total energy intake, body mass index, use of diuretics, beta-blockers, allopurinol, and uricosuric agents, self-reported hypertension and gout, serum creatinine level, and intake of alcohol. RESULTS: The serum uric acid level increased with increasing total meat or seafood intake and decreased with increasing dairy intake. After adjusting for age, the differences in uric acid levels between the extreme quintiles of intake were 0.48 mg/dl for total meat (95% confidence interval [95% CI] 0.34, 0.61; P < 0.001 for trend), 0.16 mg/dl for seafood (95% CI 0.06, 0.27; P = 0.005 for trend), and -0.21 mg/dl for total dairy intake (95% CI -0.37, -0.04; P = 0.02 for trend). After adjusting for other covariates, the differences between the extreme quintiles were attenuated but remained significant (P < 0.05 for all comparisons). The total protein intake was not associated with the serum uric acid level in multivariate analyses (P = 0.74 for trend). Those who consumed milk 1 or more times per day had a lower serum uric acid level than did those who did not drink milk (multivariate difference -0.25 [95% CI -0.40, -0.09]; P < 0.001 for trend). Similarly, those who consumed yogurt at least once every other day had a lower serum uric acid level than did those who did not consume yogurt (multivariate difference -0.26 [95% CI -0.41, -0.12]; P < 0.001 for trend). CONCLUSION: These findings from a nationally representative sample of adults in the US suggest that higher levels of meat and seafood consumption are associated with higher serum levels of uric acid but that total protein intake is not. Dairy consumption was inversely associated with the serum uric acid level. 
Early life nutrition impacts on subsequent risk of obesity and hypertension. Several brain chemicals responsible for both feeding and cardiovascular regulation are altered in obesity. We examined effects of early postnatal overnutrition on blood pressure, brain neuropeptide Y (NPY), and adiposity markers. Rat pup litters were adjusted to either 3 or 12 male animals (overnutrition and control, respectively) on day 1 of life. After weaning, rats were given either a palatable high-fat diet or standard chow. Smaller litter pups were significantly heavier by 17 days of age. By 16 wk, the effect of litter size was masked by that of diet, postweaning. Small and normal litter animals fed a high-fat diet had similar increases in body weight, plasma insulin, leptin, and adiponectin concentrations, leptin mRNA, and fat masses relative to chow-fed animals. An increase in 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase-1 mRNA in white adipose tissue, and a decrease in uncoupling protein-1 mRNA in brown adipose tissue in both small litter groups at 16 wk of age, may represent a programming effect of the altered litter size. NPY concentration in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus was reduced in high fat-fed groups. Blood pressure was significantly elevated at 13 wk in high-fat-fed animals. This study demonstrates that overnourishment during early postnatal development leads to profound changes in body weight at weaning, which tended to abate with maturation. Thus the effects of long-term dietary intervention postweaning can override those of litter size-induced obesity.
We previously demonstrated that black tea consumption reverses endothelial dysfunction in patients with coronary artery disease. To investigate potential mechanisms of this effect, we examined plasma catechins and systemic markers of oxidation, inflammation, and antioxidant protection from 66 subjects enrolled in that study. We collected samples at baseline, 2 h after 450 ml of black tea (acute), after 4 weeks of 900 ml of black tea per day (chronic), and after acute and chronic consumption of water. Total catechins increased 33% after acute tea (P < 0.05) and 29% after chronic tea (P < 0.05). Of individual catechins, plasma epicatechin gallate (ECG) concentration significantly increased with acute tea consumption, and plasma epicatechin (EC) increased with chronic tea consumption. Tea consumption did not improve plasma antioxidant capacity and did not reduce urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine, or urinary 8-isoprostane levels. Changes in catechin levels did not correlate with changes in endothelial function, plasma markers of oxidative stress, or C-reactive protein. In contrast, endothelial function at baseline correlated with dietary flavonoid intake (beta = 0.32, P = 0.02) and with baseline plasma EC concentration after adjusting for confounding variables (beta = 0.39, P = 0.03). These findings suggest that the benefits of black tea consumption on endothelial function may not be attributable to tea catechins or a systemic antioxidant or anti-inflammatory effect. Chronic dietary flavonoid status appears to relate to endothelial function, possibly suggesting that other flavonoids or polyphenolic components of tea favorably influence vascular health and risk for cardiovascular disease.
Cross-sectional studies investigating the relationship between phytoestrogens in diet, urine, or blood with plasma estradiol and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) have been inconclusive. We investigated the relationship among phytoestrogen exposure, polymorphisms in the ESR1, COMT, CYP19, and SHBG genes, and plasma estradiol and SHBG levels in 125 free-living postmenopausal women taking part in a cohort study (European Prospective Investigation of Cancer and Nutrition-Norfolk) using three different markers: dietary, urinary, and serum phytoestrogens. Phytoestrogen levels (daidzein, genistein, glycitein, O-desmethylangolensin, equol, enterodiol, and enterolactone) in spot urine and serum were analyzed by gas chromatography/mass spectrometry and liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry, respectively. Plasma estradiol and SHBG were measured by immunoassays. Adjusting for age and body mass index, urinary daidzein, genistein, glycitein, and serum daidzein and glycitein were negatively correlated with plasma estradiol (R = -0.199 to -0.277, P <0.03), with particularly strong associations found in the 18 women with CC genotype for ESR1 PvuII polymorphism (R = -0.597 to -0.834, P < 0.03). The negative correlations observed between isoflavones and estradiol in women as a whole became no longer significant when we excluded women with ESR1 PvuII CC genotype, indicating that the correlations observed were due mainly to this group of women. There was no relationship between dietary isoflavones and plasma estradiol and no association was found between any of the dietary, urinary, and serum phytoestrogen and plasma SHBG or between these factors and polymorphisms in CYP19, SHBG, and COMT. We conclude that higher isoflavone exposure is associated with lower plasma estradiol in postmenopausal women and that this preliminary study is suggestive of the involvement of diet-gene interactions.
Dietary restriction (DR)-induced changes in the serum metabolome may be biomarkers for physiological status (e.g., relative risk of developing age-related diseases such as cancer). Megavariate analysis (unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis [HCA]; principal components analysis [PCA]) of serum metabolites reproducibly distinguish DR from ad libitum fed rats. Component-based approaches (i.e., PCA) consistently perform as well as or better than distance-based metrics (i.e., HCA). We therefore tested the following: (A) Do identified subsets of serum metabolites contain sufficient information to construct mathematical models of class membership (i.e., expert systems)? (B) Do component-based metrics out-perform distance-based metrics? Testing was conducted using KNN (k-nearest neighbors, supervised HCA) and SIMCA (soft independent modeling of class analogy, supervised PCA). Models were built with single cohorts, combined cohorts or mixed samples from previously studied cohorts as training sets. Both algorithms over-fit models based on single cohort training sets. KNN models had >85% accuracy within training/test sets, but were unstable (i.e., values of k could not be accurately set in advance). SIMCA models had 100% accuracy within all training sets, 89 % accuracy in test sets, did not appear to over-fit mixed cohort training sets, and did not require post-hoc modeling adjustments. These data indicate that (i) previously defined metabolites are robust enough to construct classification models (expert systems) with SIMCA that can predict unknowns by dietary category; (ii) component-based analyses outperformed distance-based metrics; (iii) use of over-fitting controls is essential; and (iv) subtle inter-cohort variability may be a critical issue for high data density biomarker studies that lack state markers.
Mathematical models that reflect the effects of dietary restriction (DR) on the sera metabolome may have utility in understanding the mechanisms of DR and in applying this knowledge to human epidemiological studies. Previous studies demonstrated both the feasibility of identifying biomarkers through metabolome analysis and the validity of our approach in independent cohorts of 6-month-old male and female ad libitum fed or DR rats. Cross-cohort studies showed that cohort-specific effects distorted the dataset. The present study extends these observations across the entire sample set, thereby validating our markers independently of specific cohorts. Metabolites originally identified in males were examined in females and vice-versa. DR's effect on the metabolome is partially gender-specific and is modulated by environmental factors. DR reduces inter-gender differences in the metabolome. Univariate statistical methods showed that 56/93 metabolites in the female samples and 39/93 metabolites in the male samples were significantly altered (using our previous cut-off criteria of p < or = 0.2) by DR. The metabolites modulated by DR present a wide spectrum of concentration, redox reactivity and hydrophilicity, suggesting that our serotype is broadly representative of the metabolome and that DR has broad effects on the metabolome. These studies, coupled with those in the preceding and following reports, also highlight the utility for consideration of the metabolome as a network of metabolites using appropriate data analysis approaches. The inter-cohort and inter-gender differences addressed herein suggest potential cautions, and potential approaches, for identification of multivariate biomarker profiles that reflect changes in physiological status, such as a metabolism that predisposes to increased risk of neoplasia.
Elevated levels of serum amyloid A (SAA) and C-reactive protein (CRP) have been associated with increased cardiovascular risk. Although levels of CRP decrease with weight loss, it is not known whether SAA decreases with weight loss or whether dietary macronutrient composition affects levels of either SAA or CRP. SAA and CRP levels were measured retrospectively on baseline and 3-month plasma samples from 41 obese (mean body mass index 33.63 +/- 1.86 kg/m2) women completing a randomized trial comparing a low-fat diet (n = 19) and a very low-carbohydrate diet (n = 22). For the 41 participants, there were significant decreases from baseline to 3 months in both LogSAA (P = 0.049) and LogCRP (P = 0.035). The very low-carbohydrate dieters had a significantly greater decrease in LogSAA (P = 0.04), but their weight loss also was significantly greater (-7.6 +/- 3.2 vs. -4.3 +/- 3.5 kg, P < 0.01). In this study, the decreases in inflammatory markers correlated significantly with weight loss (r = 0.44, P = 0.004 vs. LogSAA and r = 0.35, P = 0.03 vs. LogCRP). Also, change in LogSAA correlated with change in insulin resistance (r = 0.35, P = 0.03). Thus, in otherwise healthy, obese women, weight loss was associated with significant decreases in both SAA and CRP. These effects were proportional to the amount of weight lost but independent of dietary macronutrient composition.
The herb Acanthopanax senticosus was cultured from a cell suspension by a proprietary process, and evaluated for protective effects against obesity in C57BL/6J mice fed high fat diets. Forty 4-week-old male C57BL/6J mice (n = 10) were fed either a normal diet (10 kcal fat%) or high fat diet (60 kcal fat%) given with or without oral administration of A. senticosus extract (ASE; 0.5 g/kg of body weight) for 12 weeks. Feed consumption was not different among the groups, but energy intake was higher in the groups fed high fat diets than in the groups fed normal diets. Body weight gain, abdominal fat accumulation, and serum leptin concentrations were significantly higher in the high fat-fed groups than the other groups. Animals fed the high fat diet had significantly higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol in serum and higher triglyceride accumulation in liver, but the ASE supplement restored both to the same levels as in the animals fed low fat diets. Total carnitine concentration were not significantly different between the two diet groups; also the oral administration of ASE did not alter carnitine status. Accordingly, the current results suggest the oral administration of ASE seemed to lower the weight gain, serum LDL-cholesterol concentration, and liver triglycerides accumulation in mice with obesity induced by high fat diets. These results seemed to suggest that supplementation with ASE might have a role in the prevention of obesity in high fat-fed mice.
INTRODUCTION: Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) has been shown to positively influence calcium and bone metabolism in experimental animals and cells in culture, but there are limited human data available. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of CLA supplementation on biomarkers of calcium and bone metabolism in healthy adult males. DESIGN: The study consisted of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in which 60 healthy adult males (aged 39-64 y) were randomly assigned to receive daily either 3.0 g CLA isomer blend (50:50% cis-9,trans-11:trans-10,cis-12 isomers) or a palm/bean oil blend (placebo) for 8 weeks. Urine and blood samples were collected at weeks 0 and 8 and were analysed for biomarkers of calcium and bone metabolism. RESULTS: Supplementation with CLA or placebo for 8 weeks had no significant effects on markers of bone formation (serum osteocalcin and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase) or bone resorption (serum C-telopeptide-related fraction of type 1 collagen degradation products, urinary N-telopeptide-related fraction of type 1 collagen degradation products, urinary pyridinoline and deoxypyridinoline), or on serum or urinary calcium levels. Baseline levels of these biochemical parameters were similar in both groups of subjects. While the placebo had no effect, CLA supplementation resulted in a three-fold increase (P<0.00001) in cis-9,trans-11 CLA isomer in total plasma lipids. CONCLUSION: Under the conditions tested in this double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in adult men, a CLA supplement of mixed isomers did not affect markers of calcium or bone metabolism. Further investigation of the effects of CLA on calcium and bone metabolism in other gender- and age-groups is warranted. 
There is evidence that CCK and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) mediate the effects of nutrients on appetite and gastrointestinal function and that their interaction may be synergistic. We hypothesized that intravenous CCK-8 and GLP-1 would have synergistic effects on appetite, energy intake, and antropyloroduodenal (APD) motility. Nine healthy males (age 22 +/- 1 yr) were studied on four separate days in a double-blind, randomized fashion. Appetite and APD pressures were measured during 150-min intravenous infusions of 1) isotonic saline (control), 2) CCK-8 (1.8 pmol.kg(-1).min(-1)), 3) GLP-1 (0.9 pmol.kg(-1).min(-1)), or 4) both CCK-8 (1.8 pmol.kg(-1).min(-1)) and GLP-1 (0.9 pmol.kg(-1).min(-1)). At 120 min, energy intake at a buffet meal was quantified. CCK-8, but not GLP-1, increased fullness, decreased desire to eat and subsequent energy intake, and increased the number and amplitude of isolated pyloric pressure waves and basal pyloric pressure (P < 0.05). Both CCK-8 and GLP-1 decreased the number of antral and duodenal pressure waves (PWs) (P < 0.05), and CCK-8+GLP-1 decreased the number of duodenal PWs more than either CCK-8 or GLP-1 alone (P < 0.02). This was not the case for appetite or isolated pyloric PWs. In conclusion, at the doses evaluated, exogenously administered CCK-8 and GLP-1 had discrepant effects on appetite, energy intake, and APD pressures, and the effects of CCK-8+GLP-1, in combination, did not exceed the sum of the effects of CCK-8 and GLP-1, providing no evidence of synergism.
BACKGROUND: Nutritional biomarkers may be used to assess dietary exposure without the errors commonly associated with self-reported dietary data. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the association between plasma folate and intake of folate, fruit, and vegetables in a large cohort of healthy adults consuming foods that had not been fortified with folic acid. DESIGN: The present study population included 5533 middle-aged (47-49 y) and old (71-74 y) subjects from the Hordaland Homocysteine Study. The participants completed a food-frequency questionnaire and provided blood samples for chemical analyses. RESULTS: We observed a significant difference in plasma concentrations of folate across increasing quartiles of fruit, vegetable, and orange juice consumption. The difference in plasma folate between the highest and lowest quartiles was 1.97 (95% CI: 1.86, 2.07) nmol/L for fruit intake, 1.79 (95% CI: 1.69, 1.89) nmol/L for vegetable intake, and 2.69 (95% CI: 2.51, 2.87) nmol/L for orange juice intake. A significant inverse relation was observed across increasing quartiles of milk and bread intakes. The difference between the highest and lowest quartiles was -1.03 (95% CI: -1.13, -0.92) nmol/L for milk and -1.60 (95% CI: -1.69, -1.50) nmol/L for bread. CONCLUSION: Plasma folate concentration may be a useful biomarker for the intake of fruit and vegetables in populations consuming unfortified food products. The association can be attenuated by and should be corrected for individual intake of folic acid supplements. 
The relative contents of the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 in serum and adipose tissue may be used as biological markers of dairy fat intake. However, the determinants of these fatty acids are not fully understood. This study investigates the relationship between these fatty acids and the intake of macronutrients and physical activity in a cross-sectional study of 301 healthy men aged 61-64 years. Dietary intake was assessed using a pre-coded 7 d food record, and physical activity during the previous year was recorded in an interview. Under-reporters of energy intake were identified by the Goldberg cut-off. Fatty acid composition was determined in serum phospholipids (PL) and subcutaneous adipose tissue (AT) from the upper buttock. The relative content of each of 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 in PL and AT was positively associated with the intake of dairy fat. In addition, all three fatty acids were inversely correlated with alcohol intake, R ranging from -0.28 to -0.53 (P<0.001). The results were not markedly affected when under-reporters (n 88) were excluded from the analyses. In both PL and AT, the relative content of the fatty acids was approximately 5% higher in a group of high physical activity compared with a group of low physical activity, although significant trends were only seen for 14 : 0 in PL and 17 : 0 in AT. The findings suggest that adjustments should be made for alcohol intake when the fatty acids 14 : 0, 15 : 0 and 17 : 0 are applied as markers for dairy fat intake.
OBJECTIVE: To validate a fat intake questionnaire (FIQ) developed to assess habitual dietary intake while focusing on the assessment of detailed fatty acid intake including total trans unsaturated fatty acids (TUFA). DESIGN: An 88 food item/food group FIQ was developed using a meal pattern technique. Validation was achieved by comparison with dietary intake assessed by a modified diet history (DH) in a cross-over design. Eighty-four individuals supplied adipose tissue biopsies for linoleic acid and total TUFA analysis as an independent validation of the FIQ and DH. SETTING: Medical Centre, Dublin Airport, Republic of Ireland. SUBJECTS: One hundred and five healthy volunteers (43 females and 62 males aged 23-63 years). RESULTS: Significant correlations (P<0.0005) were achieved for intakes of energy (0.78), total fat (0.77), saturated fat (0.77), monounsaturated fat (0.63), polyunsaturated fat (0.73), TUFA (0.67) and linoleic acid (0.71) assessed by the FIQ compared with the DH. Linoleic acid intake assessed by the FIQ and the DH was significantly correlated with adipose tissue concentrations (r=0.58 and 0.49, respectively; P<0.005); however, total TUFA intake was poorly correlated with adipose tissue concentrations (r=0.17 and 0.10 for FIQ and DH, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The FIQ compared favourably with the DH in assessing habitual diet, in particular fatty acid intake. In addition, the FIQ was successfully validated against the linoleic acid composition of adipose tissue, an independent biomarker of relative fatty acid status. The FIQ could therefore be used as an alternative to the DH as it is a shorter, less labour-intensive method. 
Orange juice is a source of antioxidants that might afford in vivo protection from oxidative stress. To test this hypothesis, we carried out a human intervention study with blood orange juice containing high amounts of vitamin C, anthocyanins, and carotenoids. Sixteen healthy female volunteers were enrolled in a crossover study and were given 600 mL/day of blood orange juice or a diet without juice for 21 days. Before and after each intervention period, plasma vitamin C, cyanidin-3-glucoside, and carotenoids were quantified. Furthermore, plasma antioxidant capacity, malondialdehyde concentration in plasma, 11-dehydrotromboxane B(2) urinary excretion, and lymphocyte DNA damage were evaluated as biomarkers of oxidative stress. Blood orange juice consumption determined a significant increase in plasma vitamin C, cyanidin-3-glucoside, beta-cryptoxanthin, and zeaxanthin. Also, lymphocyte DNA resistance to oxidative stress was improved whereas no effect was observed on the other markers that we analyzed. In turn, these results suggest that blood orange juice is a bioavailable source of antioxidants, which might moderately improve the antioxidant defense system; however, the long-term effects of its consumption are to be further investigated.
Nondestructive sampling methods, such as removal of feathers for contaminant analysis, are desirable in ecological monitoring programs that seek to minimize the impacts of harvesting organisms. Although many reptiles are declining worldwide, nondestructive sampling techniques seldom have been employed for assessing contaminant exposure in these organisms. In this study, we examined the utility of nondestructive tissue sampling for assessing Se exposure in reptiles. We describe the functional relationships among dietary Se concentrations, target tissue Se concentrations, and Se concentrations in nondestructive tissue samples (blood and tail tissue biopsy) in two species of snakes that had been exposed to Se under very different experimental protocols. Using nonlinear regression, we found strong positive correlations (r2 > 0.92) in all comparisons among Se concentrations in nondestructive tissues, diet, and target tissues. Moreover, equations describing these relationships can be used to estimate concentrations of Se in diet and target organs, from known concentrations of Se in nondestructive tissue samples. Although the current paucity of toxicity data on reptiles precludes tests of our models, we demonstrate how the equations describing these relationships might be used to make predictions about Se accumulation in target organs for risk assessment. Future studies on reptiles that examine these relationships under different Se exposure conditions, and those that document physiological responses of reptiles to various concentrations of Se, will help to refine our models and test their efficacy for predicting health risk.
Trans fatty acid intake has been associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. The relation is explained only partially by the adverse effect of these fatty acids on the lipid profile. We examined whether trans fatty acid intake could also affect biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction including C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (sTNFR-2), E-selectin, and soluble cell adhesion molecules (sICAM-1 and sVCAM-1). We conducted a cross-sectional study of 730 women from the Nurses' Health Study I cohort, aged 43-69 y, free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes at time of blood draw (1989-1990). Dietary intake was assessed by a validated FFQ in 1986 and 1990. CRP levels were 73% higher among those in the highest quintile of trans fat intake, compared with the lowest quintile. IL-6 levels were 17% higher, sTNFR-2 5%, E-selectin 20%, sICAM-1 10%, and sVCAM-1 levels 10% higher. Trans fatty acid intake was positively related to plasma concentration of CRP (P = 0.009), sTNFR-2 (P = 0.002), E-selectin (P = 0.003), sICAM-1 (P = 0.007), and sVCAM-1 (P = 0.001) in linear regression models after controlling for age, BMI, physical activity, smoking status, alcohol consumption, intake of monounsaturated, polyunsaturated, and saturated fatty acids, and postmenopausal hormone therapy. In conclusion, this study suggests that higher intake of trans fatty acids could adversely affect endothelial function, which might partially explain why the positive relation between trans fat and cardiovascular risk is greater than one would predict based solely on its adverse effects on lipids.
Estimates of diet-disease relative risks (RRs) suffer from inaccuracies introduced by dietary measurement errors. Using the "method of triads," by which the validity coefficient (VC) of the dietary assessment method and "true" long-term intake could be estimated from 3 pairwise correlations between the FFQ, the reference method, and the biomarker, the authors evaluated the performance of a newly developed FFQ. Over a period of 13 mo (September 2000 to September 2001), 161 participants completed 3 FFQs and six 24-h recalls (24HRs), and supplied 2 blood samples and three 24-h urine collections. For protein, beta-carotene, and folic acid, the VCs of the FFQ with the "true intake" (0.77, 0.65, and 0.72, respectively) were relatively higher than the VCs of 24HRs (0.68, 0.60 and 0.39, respectively). Among the biomarkers, the VCs of serum beta-carotene and folic acid with the "true intake" (0.65 and 0.65) were higher than the VCs of urinary nitrogen and alpha-tocopherol (0.44 and 0.34, respectively). The DEARR study showed that the newly developed FFQ is a valid and reproducible instrument for assessing dietary intake. The VCs obtained can be used for future adjustment of diet-disease RR estimates in this population.
Whole-grain rye and wheat products are rich in lignans, the precursors of enterolactone (ENL) and alkylresorcinols (ARs), which are phenolic lipids. In this crossover trial, we examined the effect of whole-grain rye bread compared with low-fiber wheat bread on plasma AR levels. Women (n = 39) aged 59 +/- 0.94 y (mean +/- SEM) were advised to consume rye (214 +/- 7.1 g/d) or wheat (178 +/- 6.5 g/d) bread (20% of total daily energy intake) in random order for 8 wk. The test periods were separated by an 8-wk washout period. ARs with different homologues and ENL were measured in plasma collected at the beginning (habitual diet) and end of the test bread periods. AR concentrations were higher (P < 0.001) after the rye bread (352 +/- 24.7 nmol/L) and habitual diet (97.7 +/- 12.1 and 88.3 +/- 8.7 nmol/L) periods than after the wheat bread period (36.6 +/- 4.2 nmol/L). Plasma AR concentrations were correlated with intake of rye bread (r = 0.34, P = 0.037), and with insoluble fiber from the whole diet during the rye (r = 0.39, P = 0.013) and wheat (r = 0.32, P = 0.047) bread periods. The plasma AR 17:0/21:0 ratio differed after the rye (0.84 +/- 0.04) and wheat (0.53 +/- 0.08) bread diet periods (P < 0.001). These data strongly suggest that plasma ARs could be used as specific biomarkers for whole-grain rye intake, and their homologue pattern could be used as an indicator of the bread type consumed.
Many postmenopausal women have a calcium intake far below the recommended amount and, in addition to attempting to improve their diet, need a calcium supplement. The aim of the study was to assess the effects of the consumption of a high calcium mineral water (HCaMW) on biochemical indices of bone remodeling in postmenopausal women with low Ca intake. A 6-month randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial was designed to assess the effects of a daily consumption of 1 liter of a HCaMW (596 mg Ca/l) on serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) and biochemical markers of bone remodeling in postmenopausal women with a dietary Ca intake lower than 700 mg/day. The placebo group drank 1 liter of a mineral water with a low calcium content (10 mg/l). One hundred eighty healthy women were recruited (mean age: 70.1+/-4.0 years); 152 completed the 6-month trial. The changes from baseline of biochemical indices after 6 months consisted of a significant 14.1% decrease of serum PTH, osteocalcin (-8.6%), bone alkaline phosphatase (-11.5%), serum (-16.3%) and urine (-13.0%) type-1 collagen C-telopeptide in the HCaMW group compared to the placebo group, where all biochemical indices increased after 6 months. The additive effect of a small vitamin D supplement (400 iu/day) was also evaluated. In women receiving vitamin D in addition to HCaMW, the decrease in bone indices was not found to be greater than in women drinking only the HCaMW. A daily supplement of 596 mg of Ca through the consumption of 1 l of HCaMW was able to lower serum PTH and the indices of bone turnover in postmenopausal women with a low Ca intake. This could contribute to the repair of calcium deficiency and to the reduction of age-related bone loss in this population.
Analysis of the first National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) in 1984 revealed that a dietary pattern low in mineral intake, specifically calcium, potassium, and magnesium, was associated with hypertension in American adults. Using more recent survey data from NHANES III and NHANES IV, we re-examined the validity of this relationship. Blood pressure (BP) and nutrient intake data from 10,033 adult participants in NHANES III and 2311 adults in NHANES IV revealed findings similar to those of the earlier analysis, demonstrating that the association between inadequate mineral consumption and higher BP is valid and has persisted over two decades. Exploring this relationship further, we separated untreated hypertensive persons by hypertension type (systolic, diastolic, or both), and observed that the BP effect of low mineral intake was most pronounced in those with only systolic hypertension. We also observed that sodium intake was significantly lower in the systolic hypertension group and significantly higher in the diastolic hypertension group compared with the other groups. The nutrient pattern in the combined hypertension group was similar to that of the normotensive group. These findings may help to explain the inconsistent responses generally observed in dietary intervention studies, and they highlight the possible importance of tailored nutritional recommendations for hypertension based on hypertension category and individual dietary practices. Although randomized controlled trials are needed to characterize further the relationship between nutrient intake and hypertension type, these findings indicate that dietary management of hypertension may be more effective if the focus is on the overall nutritional profile rather than single-nutrient intake as currently recommended for most patients.
A study was conducted to evaluate the mineral content of pork tissue with particular emphasis on Se between various states (regions) having different diet (grain) indigenous Se concentrations. The study involved 19 states in the north, central, and southern regions of the United States, with committee members of NCR-42 and S-1012 (formerly S-288). A total of 62 pigs were used, with collaborators sending 100-g samples each of loin, heart, and liver, and a 3- to 4-g sample of hair (collected along the topline) from two to five market-weight pigs to a common laboratory for analysis. Diets at each station were formulated with locally purchased soybean meal and grain that was either grown or normally fed to pigs within their state. Tissues were analyzed for Se, but only the loin was analyzed for the macro- and micromineral elements. Correlation of dietary minerals to the tissue element was determined. The results demonstrated differences in tissue Se among states (P < 0.01), with high correlations of dietary Se to loin (r = 0.84; P < 0.01), heart (r = 0.84; P < 0.01), liver (r = 0.83; P < 0.01), and hair Se (r = 0.90; P < 0.01) concentrations. The correlation of hair Se to the Se concentration of loin, heart, and liver tissues was high (r > 0.90; P < 0.01). States in the west-central region of the United States and west of the Mississippi river had higher dietary Se and tissue Se concentrations than states in the eastern section of the Corn Belt, east of the Mississippi river, and along the East Coast. Generally, states did not differ greatly in their loin macro- and micromineral concentrations. The simple correlation of dietary minerals to their corresponding loin mineral concentration was generally non-significant, but most macrominerals had decreasing mineral concentrations when the dietary mineral level was higher. These results indicate that regional differences in tissue Se were influenced more by the indigenous Se content of the diet (grain) fed to the pigs than from sodium selenite.
BACKGROUND: Dietary factors and very-long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) may influence the atherothrombotic process. Elevated concentrations of circulating cell adhesion molecules, thrombomodulin (TM), von Willebrand factor (vWF), and tissue-type plasminogen activator antigen (tPAag) are related to atherothrombotic cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: The randomized Diet and Omega-3 Intervention Trial (DOIT) targeted a comparison of the effect of 3-y dietary counseling, n-3 PUFA supplementation (2.4 g/d), or both on circulating markers of endothelial activation. DESIGN: The study included 563 elderly men with long-standing hyperlipidemia. The men were randomly assigned by factorial design into 4 groups: control (no dietary counseling and placebo capsules), dietary counseling (and placebo capsules), n-3 PUFA supplementation (no dietary counseling), and dietary counseling and n-3 PUFA supplementation. RESULTS: Serum concentrations of fatty acids reflected good compliance. Dietary counseling was followed by significantly reduced concentrations of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1; P < 0.001), sTM (P = 0.004), and tPAag (P < 0.001) than in subjects without dietary counseling. After n-3 PUFA supplementation, significantly reduced concentrations of sICAM-1 (P < 0.001) and sTM (P = 0.006) were observed when compared with subjects receiving placebo capsules. An increase in tPAag was not significantly different from that observed in subjects receiving placebo capsules. For sICAM-1, a significant effect was observed for both interventions combined. CONCLUSIONS: Each intervention (dietary counseling or n-3 PUFA supplements) reduced sTM and sICAM-1 concentrations, indicating decreased endothelial activation. The tPAag increase in the groups not receiving dietary counseling (pooled), which indicates progression of atherosclerosis, was significantly counteracted by dietary counseling. 
The Heart Failure Survival Score (HFSS) and peak exercise oxygen consumption (VO2) accurately assess mortality in ambulatory patients who have advanced heart failure and are referred for initial cardiac transplant evaluation. We investigated the prognostic value of the HFSS and peak VO2 when applied serially to these patients. This study included 227 adults (mean age +/- SD 52 +/- 10 years old) who presented for reevaluation >60 days after initial evaluation (352 +/- 238 days). The HFSS was determined from mean arterial blood pressure, heart rate, left ventricular ejection fraction, serum sodium, peak VO2, heart failure etiology, and width of QRS complex. Survival without reevaluation, United Network of Organ Sharing 1 transplant, or left ventricular assist device was determined by the Kaplan-Meier method with censoring at United Network of Organ Sharing 2 transplant. Survival differed by HFSS stratum (p <0.001) and by peak VO2 stratum (p <0.001). Patients whose HFSS or peak VO2 deteriorated from low risk to medium or high risk had lower survival rates than did patients whose values remained at low risk (p <0.01 and p <0.001, respectively). Patients who started at medium or high risk and improved to low risk tended to have higher survival rates than those who remained medium or high risk (p = 0.06 and p <0.16, respectively). Patients who improved to low risk had a 1-year survival rate of 72% for HFSS and peak VO2. However, patients who improved to low risk and were treated with beta blockers had a 1-year survival rate (89% for HFSS and 83% for peak VO2) comparable to that after transplant (84%). Peak VO2 and the HFSS can be successfully used for serial evaluation of mortality risk in ambulatory patients who have advanced heart failure.
The increased sphinganine/sphingosine (SA/SO) ratio has previously been shown as a biomarker of fumonisin exposure in experimental animals and has been proposed as a tool to assess human exposure to fumonisin mainly occurring through the dietary consumption of fumonisin contaminated maize-based foods. Sphinganine and sphingosine were measured in urines of humans resident in two areas of North Argentina and South Brazil with high maize consumption and compared with urine samples collected in areas with very low or no maize consumption, such as Central Argentina and Southern Italy. The pattern of SA/SO values in the two groups with no maize consumption (assumed as controls) was similar, with all SA/SO values lower than one. Mean SA/SO ratio was 1.27 in urine of subjects with high maize consumption (n = 123) and 0.36 in controls (n = 66) and the difference was statistically significant (p<0.001). The mean fumonisin level in maize samples collected in North Argentina and South Brazil was 0.35 mg kg(-1) (n = 40). Although a similar maize and fumonisin intake was recorded for the two groups of populations, the mean SA/SO ratio in South Brazil (1.57) was significantly higher (p<0.05) than that of North Argentina (0.69). These data suggest that the higher SA/SO values observed in South Brazil cannot be associated with high fumonisin exposure and further studies are necessary to provide convincing evidence for using the SA/SO ratio as a biomarker of human fumonisin exposure.
OBJECTIVE: To develop and validate a simple patient questionnaire for the detection of overactive bladder (OAB). DESIGN: An open, non-randomized multicentre study. SETTING: A pilot study (n = 133) was conducted to bring forward five questions from initially 14 questions, for detection of OAB. These five questions were subject to further validation in the main study (n =520). SUBJECTS: 531 adults responding to a newspaper advertisement regarding symptoms of OAB and patients seeing a physician for other reasons were attending 28 general practitioners. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Agreement rate, sensitivity, and specificity. RESULTS: The agreement rate between the patients' own diagnosis based on the patient questionnaire, and the physicians' diagnosis based on medical history, urine analysis, and micturition chart, was 0.78 (kappa =0.89). Sensitivity and specificity were 0.98 and 0.90, respectively. CONCLUSION: The validated questionnaire may become a useful tool to decide whether a patient has overactive bladder. The questionnaire corresponds well with the physicians' diagnosis. 
OBJECTIVES: To determine whether the 24-hour urinary excretion of calcium was a reliable surrogate marker for dietary calcium intake. Although dietary calcium intake has been negatively correlated with the risk of recurrent calcium-based stones, detailed dietary histories are not routinely evaluated in most patients with recurrent stone formation. METHODS: The dietary records and corresponding 24-hour urine collections of 68 randomly selected women with a history of calcium-based renal stones and two or more outpatient clinic visits were studied. Subjects were excluded if they had conditions or took medications affecting calcium absorption or excretion. Multivariate regression analysis was performed on the most recent set of data per patient with 24-hour urinary calcium as the dependent variable. Independent variables included age, weight, and dietary calcium, sodium, potassium, magnesium, fiber, and animal protein. Regression analysis was performed on the differences between the first and last visits for dietary and urinary data. Using tertiles, the positive predictive value of 24-hour urinary calcium for the respective dietary intake tertiles was calculated. RESULTS: The regression model on absolute values showed all dietary parameters to have squared partial correlation coefficients of less than 0.3 (P = 0.015, R2 = 0.264). In the second regression analysis, the model did not significantly explain the variance (P = 0.656). The positive predictive value of a mean 24-hour urinary calcium level less than 3.75 mmol/L for calcium intake less than 585 mg/day was 45%. CONCLUSIONS: The results of the present study revealed that the 24-hour urinary calcium cannot be used as a surrogate marker for dietary intake of calcium. A detailed dietary history is needed for all women with recurrent stone formation for proper assessment and potential modification of calcium intake to reduce recurrences. 
The effects of moderate red wine consumption on the antioxidant status and indices of lipid peroxidation and oxidative stress associated with CHD were investigated. A randomised, controlled study was performed with twenty free-living healthy volunteers. Subjects in the red wine group consumed 375 ml red wine daily for 2 weeks. We measured the total concentration of phenolics and analysed the individual phenolics in the wine and plasma by HPLC with tandem MS. The antioxidant capacity of plasma was measured with electron spin resonance spectroscopy while homocysteine and fasting plasma lipids were also determined. The production of conjugated dienes and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) were measured in Cu-oxidised LDL. Plasma total phenolic concentrations increased significantly after 2 weeks of daily red wine consumption (P< or =0.001) and trace levels of metabolites, mainly glucuronides and methyl glucuronides of (+)-catechin and (-)-epicatechin, were detected in the plasma of the red wine group. These flavan-3-ol metabolites were not detected in plasma from the control group. The maximum concentrations of conjugated dienes and TBARS in Cu-oxidised LDL were reduced (P< or =0.05) and HDL cholesterol concentrations increased (P< or =0.05) following red wine consumption. The findings from the present study provide some evidence for potential protective effects of moderate consumption of red wine in healthy volunteers.
OBJECTIVE: Most prospective studies in adult populations show an inverse association between consumption of fruits and vegetables and the risk of cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality. Fruits and vegetables are rich in antioxidants. The objective was to determine whether nutrient intakes and plasma concentrations of antioxidants of adolescents are similar to those of their parents or grandparents as a way of assessing whether dietary habits of parents are passed on to their adolescent children. METHODS: Parents or grandparents (n = 159) aged 29-77 y were selected from the participants of the myocardial case-control study in Costa Rica. One adolescent child or grandchild (12-20 y) was identified for each parent or grandparent. Nutrient intakes and plasma antioxidant concentrations were assessed using a validated food-frequency questionnaire and by high performance liquid chromatography, respectively. RESULTS: As compared to adults, adolescents consumed greater quantities of fruit, dairy products, red meat, carbonated drinks and polyunsaturated fat, but lower quantities of fiber and micronutrients (carotenoids, vitamins A and B6, folate, potassium, magnesium and zinc). Plasma concentrations of all carotenoids, except for lycopene, were lower in adolescents than in adults (p < 0.05). Intakes of lycopene (r = 0.16, p = 0.05), alpha-tocopherol (r = 0.19, p = 0.03) and gamma-tocopherol (r = 0.21, p = 0.01) in adolescents were correlated with those of adults. Plasma concentrations of lycopene (r = 0.20, p = 0.02), alpha-tocopherol (r = 0.18, p = 0.03) and gamma-tocopherol (r = 0.28, p = 0.001) in adolescents were also correlated with those of adults. These data may suggest that adolescents may acquire habitual consumption of foods rich in micronutrients from adults. CONCLUSION: As a proportion of energy, diets of Costa Rican adolescents contain less micronutrients than those of their adult relatives. Parents should be aware of this trend and its association with poor health status. 
The associations between macronutrient intake and plasma parameters associated with increased risk for coronary heart disease (CHD) were evaluated in 80 overweight premenopausal women. We hypothesized that higher carbohydrate intake would be associated with a more detrimental plasma lipid profile. Dietary data were collected using a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Plasma total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TGs), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were determined from two fasting blood samples. In addition, selected apolipoproteins (apo) and LDL peak size were measured. Values for TC, TG and HDL were not in the range of risk classification; however, the mean values of LDL-C, 2.7 +/- 0.7 mmol/L, were higher than the current recommendations. Carbohydrate intake was positively associated with TG and apo C-III (P < .01) concentrations, and negatively associated with LDL diameter (P < .01). Participants were divided into low (<53% of energy) or high (> or = 53% energy) carbohydrate intake groups. Individuals in the <53% carbohydrate group consumed more cholesterol and total fat, but also had higher intake of polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (SFAs). In contrast, subjects in the > or =53% group consumed higher concentrations of glucose and fructose than those in the low-carbohydrate (LC) group. In addition, subjects consuming <53% carbohydrate had lower concentrations of LDL-C and apo B (P < .01) and a larger LDL diameter (P < .05) than the > or =53% group. These results suggest that the lower LDL-C in the LC group may be related to both the amount of carbohydrate and the type of fatty acids consumed by these subjects.
The epidemiology of prolapse and incontinence questionnaire (EPIQ) was developed to screen for female pelvic floor disorders (PFD). Content and face validity, reliability, internal consistency and criterion validity of the EPIQ to detect the presence of pelvic organ prolapse (POP), stress urinary incontinence (SUI), overactive bladder (OAB) and anal incontinence (AI) is presented. Cronbach's alpha; Spearman's, kappa, intraclass correlations, factor analysis and Chi-Squared tests were used for analysis. Questions related to PFD proved internally consistent (alpha = 0.91) and reproducible (correlations >0.70) for all but three items on the EPIQ. Positive and negative predictive values of the EPIQ to detect PFD were: POP = 76% and 97%, SUI = 88% and 87%, OAB = 77% and 90% and AI = 61% and 91% respectively. EPIQ is a psychometrically validated screening instrument that may identify women at high risk of having pelvic floor disorders in large undiagnosed populations.
BACKGROUND: Increased consumption of soy foods has been associated with reduction in low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in both clinical and observational studies. However, it is not clear whether adding soy to a low-fat diet has additional lipid-lowering benefits, and few previous studies have examined these effects in women using hormone replacement therapy (HRT+). METHODS: We tested whether adding soy protein to a low-fat, high-fiber, Step I diet improved cardiac risk markers in 18 postmenopausal women and 14 men with hypercholesterolemia and examined whether concurrent use of HRT altered diet responsiveness. Diets were matched for macronutrient content, and all food was provided. After 3 weeks on the Step I diet, subjects were randomized to diets (6 weeks) containing 25 g/day protein isolate from soy or cow's milk, with crossover. The soy treatment contained 90 mg/day isoflavones. Lipids, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), p-selectin, and urinary isoflavonoids were measured at the end of each diet. RESULTS: In men and HRT- women only, there were significant reductions in LDL-C (-17.3%), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (-15.3%), and triglycerides (-11.5%) during the Step I diet, and soy had no additional effects. At study entry, HRT+ women had lower LDL-C and higher triglycerides than men. Their LDL-C was unchanged, and triglycerides were significantly reduced (-15.1%) by the Step I diets. Isoflavonoid excretion was unrelated to diet response or HRT status. CONCLUSIONS: In men and HRT- women, the diets significantly lowered LDL-C, independent of soy intake. In HRT+ women, the diets improved triglycerides without lowering HDL-C. 
This study sought to evaluate the relationship between dietary intake of fat, polyunsaturated fat, saturated fat, arachidonic acid, and selected dietary antioxidants and levels of oxidative damage as measured by urinary levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) and 8-epi-prostaglandin F2alpha (8-iso-PGF2alpha) in women previously treated for breast cancer. Two hundred two study subjects participating in the Women's Healthy Eating and Living (WHEL) study were included in this ancillary study. Dietary intakes and concentrations of urinary 8-OHdG and 8-iso-PGF2alpha were measured at baseline and 12 mo in the 179 women included in the analytical cohort. Study subjects demonstrated a significant reduction in dietary total, polyunsaturated, and saturated fat intake and a significant increase in vitamins E and C and beta-carotene intake from baseline to 12 mo. Linear mixed-models analysis using baseline and Year 1 data indicated that vitamin E intake was inversely associated with both 8-OHdG and 8-iso-PGF2alpha. 8-Iso-PGF2alpha is increased with increased body mass index (BMI) and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intake, indicating an increase in lipid peroxidation with greater BMI and higher PUFA intake. 8-OHdG was inversely related to age but positively related to arachidonic acid, indicating an increase in DNA damage with higher intake of arachidonic acid (meat). The results of this nested case-controlled study provide potential mechanisms by which a high fruit and vegetable, low-fat diet might reduce the recurrence rate of or early-stage breast cancer.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Dietary supplementation with conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) has a fat-reducing effect in various species, but induces severe hyperinsulinaemia and hepatic steatosis in the mouse. This study aimed to determine the causes of the deleterious effects of CLA on insulin homeostasis. METHODS: The chronology of adipose and liver weight, hepatic triglyceride accumulation and selected blood parameters, including lipids, insulin, leptin and adiponectin, was determined in C57BL/6J female mice fed a 1% isomeric mixture of CLA for various periods of time ranging from 2 to 28 days. Insulin secretion was measured in 1-h static incubations of pancreatic islets, and pancreas morphometric parameters were determined in mice fed CLA for 28 days. RESULTS: Plasma levels of leptin and adiponectin sharply decreased after 2 days of CLA feeding, although adipose tissue mass only decreased after day 6. Hyperinsulinaemia developed at day 6 and consistently worsened up to day 28, in parallel with increases in hepatic lipid content. Islets from CLA-fed mice displayed three- to four-fold increased rates of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, both in the absence and presence of isobutyl methylxanthine or carbachol. The increased insulin-releasing capacity of islets from CLA-fed mice was explained by an increase in beta cell mass and number. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The data suggest that CLA supplementation induces a profound reduction of leptinaemia and adiponectinaemia, followed by hyperinsulinaemia due to the increased secretory capacity of pancreatic islets, leading, in turn, to liver steatosis. These observations cast doubt on the safety of dietary supplements containing CLA. 
BACKGROUND: The heat shock proteins (HSPs) are protein chaperones. Higher titers of antibody to HSPs (anti-HSPs) have been reported in atherosclerosis, which may contribute to immunoactivation in this process. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether dietary antioxidants and fat intake are associated with changes in anti-HSP titers in dyslipidemic subjects. DESIGN: Patients (n = 238) were recruited from hospital lipid clinics. Control subjects (n = 188) were recruited from university and hospital employees. Food-frequency questionnaires were used to estimate dietary antioxidants and fat. RESULTS: Dyslipidemic patients had significantly higher titers of anti-HSPs than did control subjects; expressed in medians and interquartile ranges of absorbance units, anti-HSP-60 titers were 0.27 (0.18-0.37) and 0.22 (0.16-0.30), anti-HSP-65 titers were 0.45 (0.28-0.79) and 0.31 (0.22-0.50), and anti-HSP-70 titers were 0.22 (0.17-0.30) and 0.19 (0.13-0.27), respectively. Median and interquartile ranges of serum concentrations of C-reactive protein [1.25 (0.42-3.26) and 0.58 (0.17-1.42)] and mean (+/-SEM) concentrations of vitamin E (16.36 +/- 0.31 and 14.08 +/- 0.38) were also significantly higher in patients than in control subjects, respectively. In dyslipidemic patients, the major dietary predictors of the variability in anti-HSP-60 titers were vitamin C (P = 0.005), vitamin E (P = 0.04), and total fat (P = 0.009) intakes; for anti-HSP-65 titers, vitamin C was the major predictor (P = 0.002). These findings remained significant after adjustment for confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: Anti-HSP-60, -65, and -70 titers are significantly higher in dyslipidemic patients with or without established coronary disease. Our data indicate an association between dietary constituents and the immune response to HSPs in dyslipidemic subjects. 
The use of 24-hour urinary sucrose and fructose as potential biomarkers for sugars consumption was investigated in two studies of 21 healthy participants living in a volunteer suite where dietary intake was known and all specimens collected. The dose-response was assessed in 12 males using a randomized crossover design of three diets containing constant levels of 63, 143, and 264 g of sugars for 10 days each. Both sugars and sucrose intake were significantly correlated with the sum of sucrose and fructose concentration in urine (0.888; P < 0.001). To assess effects with volunteers consuming their habitual varying diets, seven males and six females were fed their usual diet (assessed beforehand from four consecutive self-completed 7-day food diaries) for 30 days under controlled conditions in the volunteer suite. The mean (+/-SD) calculated total sugars intake was 202 +/- 69 g/d, 41% from sucrose. Mean (+/-SD) urinary sucrose and fructose were 36.6 +/- 16.6 and 61.8 +/- 61.3 mg/d, respectively. The sum of sucrose and fructose in urine was significantly correlated with sugars (0.841; P < 0.001) and sucrose intake (0.773; P = 0.002). In the regression, 200 g of sugars intake predicted approximately 100 mg of sucrose and fructose in urine. The correlation between individual means of randomized 16 days of sugars intake and 8 days of sugars excretion data (as used in validation studies) remained as high as that obtained with the means of 30-day measurements and the regression estimates were very similar. Twenty-four-hour urinary sucrose and fructose could be grouped into a new category of biomarkers, predictive biomarkers, that can be used in studies determining the structure of dietary measurement error in free living individuals and to relate sugars intake to disease risk.
Melatonin is present in plants consumed as vegetables; however, only a limited number of vegetables have been tested for melatonin. The antiproliferative, antioxidative, and immunostimulatory effects of melatonin have been reported from laboratory studies. The potential protective effects of vegetable against cancer and cardiovascular disease may be partially attributable to an increased melatonin intake from vegetables. As a first step to test this hypothesis, we evaluated whether vegetable intake is associated with an increased urinary melatonin in 289 community-dwelling Japanese women. Diet, including vegetable consumption, was assessed with a validated 169-item semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin (aMT6-s) was measured in the first-void morning urines. There was a significant positive association between vegetable intake and urinary aMT6-s levels. The mean urinary aMT6-s was 16% higher in women with the highest quartile of vegetable intake than it was in those with the lowest quartile of intake. This association may be explained by the melatonin contained in vegetables. However, data should be regarded as preliminary because it is impossible to estimate dietary melatonin intake from vegetables and or from the entire diet because of incomplete data for melatonin in plants.
BACKGROUND: At present, recent ethanol consumption can be routinely detected with certainty only by direct measurement of ethanol concentration in blood or urine. Because ethanol is rapidly eliminated from the circulation, however, the time span for this detection is in the range of hours. Several new markers have been proposed to extend the detection interval, but their characteristics have not yet justified their use in routine clinical practice. We therefore investigated three new markers and compared their kinetics and sensitivities: (1) fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEEs) in serum, (2) ethyl glucuronide (EtG) in urine, and (3) the ratio of 5-hydroxytryptophol to 5-hydroxyindole acetic acid (5-HTOL/5-HIAA) in urine. METHODS: Seventeen healthy men participated in a drinking experiment. Blood and urine samples were collected twice daily on three consecutive days and once daily on days 4 and 5. Ethanol concentration was determined by gas chromatography, FAEE levels, by gas chromatography with mass spectrometry, EtG concentration, by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, and 5-HTOL/5-HIAA ratio, by high-performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: The peak serum ethanol concentrations of the subjects ranged from 5.4 to 44.7 mmol/liter (mean +/- SD, 30.1 +/- 9.1 mmol/liter). In the case of the serum ethanol determination, 100% sensitivity was reached only immediately after the end of the drinking experiment, and in the case of FAEE levels and 5-HTOL/5-HIAA ratio, it tested for 6.7 hr after the end of the ethanol intake. Thereafter, these latter parameters declined until 15.3 hr (FAEEs) and 29.4 hr (5-HTOL/5-HIAA), subsequently remaining in a stable range until 78.5 hr without further decrease. In contrast, EtG concentration showed 100% sensitivity until 39.3 hr and thereafter decreased, falling to below the limit of quantification of 0.1 mg/liter at 102.5 hr. CONCLUSION: After moderate drinking, EtG in the urine proved to be a superior marker of recent ethanol consumption in healthy subjects. This is because EtG is a direct ethanol metabolite, it occurs in the urine only when ethanol has been consumed, and its sensitivity remains at the level of 100% for 39.3 hr. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate responses to self-administered brief questions regarding consumption of vegetables and fruit by comparison with blood levels of serum carotenoids and red-cell folate. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study in which participants reported their usual intake of fruit and vegetables in servings per day, and serum levels of five carotenoids (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein/zeaxanthin and lycopene) and red-cell folate were measured. Serum carotenoid levels were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography, and red-cell folate by an automated immunoassay system. SETTINGS AND SUBJECTS: Between October and December 2000, a sample of 1598 adults aged 25 years and over, from six randomly selected urban centres in Queensland, Australia, were examined as part of a national study conducted to determine the prevalence of diabetes and associated cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Statistically significant (P<0.01) associations with vegetable and fruit intake (categorised into groups: </=1 serving, 2-3 servings and >/=4 servings per day) were observed for alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein/zeaxanthin and red-cell folate. The mean level of these carotenoids and of red-cell folate increased with increasing frequency of reported servings of vegetables and fruit, both before and after adjusting for potential confounding factors. A significant association with lycopene was observed only for vegetable intake before adjusting for confounders. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that brief questions may be a simple and valuable tool for monitoring vegetable and fruit intake in this population. 
BACKGROUND: High dietary intake of linolenic acid is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease mortality. However, little is known about the association between linolenic acid and subclinical atherosclerosis. METHODS AND RESULTS: To examine the association between dietary linolenic acid measured by food frequency questionnaire and calcified atherosclerotic plaque in the coronary arteries (CAC) measured by cardiac CT, we studied 2004 white participants of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) Family Heart Study aged 32 to 93 years. The presence of CAC was defined on the basis of total CAC score of > or =100. We used generalized estimating equations to estimate odds ratios for the presence of CAC across quintiles of linolenic acid. The average consumption of dietary linolenic acid was 0.82+/-0.36 g/d for men and 0.69+/-0.29 g/d for women. From the lowest to the highest quintile of linolenic acid, adjusted odds ratios (95% CI) for the presence of CAC were 1.0 (reference), 0.61 (0.42 to 0.88), 0.55 (0.35 to 0.84), 0.57 (0.37 to 0.88), and 0.35 (0.22 to 0.55), respectively (P for trend <0.0001), after we controlled for age, gender, education, family risk group, smoking, fruit and vegetable intake, history of coronary artery disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and statin use. When linolenic acid was used as a continuous variable, the multivariate adjusted odds ratio was 0.38 (95% CI, 0.24 to 0.46) per gram of linolenic acid intake. Use of different cut points for CAC score yielded similar results. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of dietary linolenic acid is associated with a lower prevalence of CAC in a dose-response fashion in white men and women. 
The stable nitrogen (15N) and carbon (13C) isotopic composition of tissues reflects the isotopic pattern of food sources. We investigated whether the isotopic composition of human hair can be used as a biomarker to predict the dietary intake of animal-derived food. Hair samples were collected from subjects during a 1987-1988 German nutrition survey (VERA) in which dietary information was collected using a 7-d dietary record. Samples of 50 men and 50 women were randomly selected, in addition to 27 samples of subjects with a reported low meat intake. Isotope ratio MS was used to analyze hair bulk and amino acid-specific isotopic composition. Its relation with and feasibility for predicting animal protein intake were tested using regression analysis and cross-tabulation of observed and predicted dietary data and comparison of the individual values for the binary categories of high and low intake. 15N and 13C abundances strongly predicted relative animal protein and meat intake (R2= 0.31, P < 0.01 and R2= 0.20, P <0.01, respectively). Distinct patterns of individual hair amino acid 15N and 13C abundances were observed. In contrast to bulk values, the isotopic abundances in individual amino acids did not show discriminating ability across sex and isotope-specific categories. We conclude that hair 13C values are as predictive for animal protein consumption as hair 15N values. Bulk isotopic abundance of hair can be used as a biomarker for animal protein intake to validate dietary assessment methods provided that the correlation between isotopic abundances and dietary protein intake is verified in dietary intervention studies.
Maple syrup urine disease (MSUD) is caused by a deficiency in the branched-chain alpha-ketoacid dehydrogenase complex. Accumulations of branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) and branched-chain alpha-ketoacids (BCKAs) in patients with MSUD induce ketoacidosis, neurological disorders, and developmental disturbance. BCAAs and BCKAs influence on the nervous system can be estimated by analyzing these patients. According to clinical investigations on MSUD patients, leucine levels over 400 micromol/L apparently can cause any clinical problem derived from impaired function of the central nervous system. Damage to neuronal cells found in MSUD patients are presumably because of higher concentrations of both blood BCAAs or BCKAs, especially alpha-ketoisocapronic acids. These clinical data from MSUD patients provide a valuable basis on understanding leucine toxicity in the normal subject.
BACKGROUND: Limited evidence suggests that a higher ratio of protein to carbohydrate during weight loss has metabolic advantages. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to evaluate the effects of a diet with a high ratio of protein to carbohydrate during weight loss on body composition, cardiovascular disease risk, nutritional status, and markers of bone turnover and renal function in overweight women. DESIGN: The subjects were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 isocaloric 5600-kJ dietary interventions for 12 wk according to a parallel design: a high-protein (HP) or a high-carbohydrate (HC) diet. RESULTS: One hundred women with a mean (+/-SD) body mass index (in kg/m(2)) of 32 +/- 6 and age of 49 +/- 9 y completed the study. Weight loss was 7.3 +/- 0.3 kg with both diets. Subjects with high serum triacylglycerol (>1.5 mmol/L) lost more fat mass with the HP than with the HC diet (x +/- SEM: 6.4 +/- 0.7 and 3.4 +/- 0.7 kg, respectively; P = 0.035) and had a greater decrease in triacylglycerol concentrations with the HP (-0.59 +/- 0.19 mmol/L) than with the HC (-0.03 +/- 0.04 mmol/L) diet (P = 0.023 for diet x triacylglycerol interaction). Triacylglycerol concentrations decreased more with the HP (0.30 +/- 0.10 mmol/L) than with the HC (0.10 +/- 0.06 mmol/L) diet (P = 0.007). Fasting LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, glucose, insulin, free fatty acid, and C-reactive protein concentrations decreased with weight loss. Serum vitamin B-12 increased 9% with the HP diet and decreased 13% with the HC diet (P < 0.0001 between diets). Folate and vitamin B-6 increased with both diets; homocysteine did not change significantly. Bone turnover markers increased 8-12% and calcium excretion decreased by 0.8 mmol/d (P < 0.01). Creatinine clearance decreased from 82 +/- 3.3 to 75 +/- 3.0 mL/min (P = 0.002). CONCLUSION: An energy-restricted, high-protein, low-fat diet provides nutritional and metabolic benefits that are equal to and sometimes greater than those observed with a high-carbohydrate diet. 
BACKGROUND: Mounting evidence implicates diets high in fats and processed sugars with increased generation of free radicals in animals. It is still not clearly established whether such a diet alters antioxidant balance in dementia patients, where an oxidative stress status may already exist. The disruption to lipid metabolism by oxidative stress has been recently linked to neurodegeneration and clinical disease. The aim of this study is to assess the relationship between fat, sugar, carbohydrate and caloric intake levels, and antioxidant status in patients with mild to moderate dementia. METHODS: The levels of 3 essential endogenous antioxidants (superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase) were measured in the blood of 26 dementia subjects and 26 cognitively unimpaired controls. Concurrently, the intake levels of relevant nutrients and dietary antioxidants were assessed in all subjects. RESULTS: A statistically significant positive association was observed in the dementia group between glutathione peroxidase activity and the intake of fats (r = 0.44; p = 0.023), carbohydrates (r = 0.46; p = 0.018), total sugars (r = 0.51; p = 0.007) and calories (r = 0.47; p = 0.14). The only significant association in the control group was observed between glutathione peroxidase and fat (r = 0.47; p = 0.015). CONCLUSION: The higher glutathione peroxidase activity among subjects with greater intake of fats, carbohydrates and sugars may represent a compensatory response to the additional increase in oxidative stress in dementia. Our data shed light on the influence of dietary intake on the oxidant-antioxidant system in mild to moderate dementia patients. 
The validity of fruit and vegetable intake estimated by 14 d weighed records, a twenty-seven-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and a 180-item FFQ was investigated using serum carotenoids as the validity criterion. In addition, the method of triads was used to assess the validity of fruit and vegetable intake estimated from the FFQ and serum carotenoids. One hundred Norwegian men completed 14 d weighed records and the 180-item FFQ. Eighty-six of them also completed the twenty-seven item FFQ. The partial correlation coefficients between serum carotenoids and fruit and vegetable intake were slightly higher for the 14 d weighed records than for the two FFQ, but no difference was observed between the 180- and the twenty-seven item FFQ. The strongest correlations were observed between vegetable intake and serum alpha-carotene. The highest validity coefficients (VC) were observed for vegetable intake estimated from weighed records, the 180-item FFQ, the twenty-seven item FFQ and by the biomarker serum alpha-carotene, with VC of 0.77, 0.58, 0.51 and 0.67, respectively. In conclusion, the short FFQ gave as valid estimates for fruit and vegetable intake as the long FFQ. Both the estimated partial correlation coefficients and VC suggest that serum alpha-carotene is the best biomarker for intake of vegetable alone and total intake of fruit and vegetables in this population of Norwegian men, but the biomarkers did not perform any better than the FFQ.
Retinoic acid (RA) administration and chronic vitamin A supplementation were reported to inhibit adipose tissue leptin expression in rodents, but the impact of this effect on food intake and its relationship with changes of body adiposity was not analyzed. Here, we have studied the effects of RA administration at three different doses on body weight, adipose tissue mass, food intake, adipose tissue leptin expression and circulating leptin levels in NMRI mice; the effects of chronic vitamin A supplementation with a 40-fold excess retinyl palmitate on the same parameters in NMRI and C57BL/6J mice; and the effects of RA and retinoid receptors agonists on leptin expression in brown and white adipocyte cell model systems. The results show that vitamin A down-regulates leptin expression in white and brown adipose tissue and circulating leptin levels independently of changes of adipose tissue mass and, for the first time to our knowledge, that this effect does not correlate with increased food intake. They also demonstrate a direct inhibitory effect of RA on leptin expression in both white and brown adipocyte cell cultures, and constitute first proof of the involvement of both RA receptors (RARs) and rexinoid receptors (RXRs) in this effect. Reduction of leptin levels by specific nutrients is of potential interest from a clinical point of view.
OBJECTIVES: To examine the association of cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption and physical activity with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) in older men. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The study included 2797 men participating in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III), who were aged > or = 60 years. During an interview, LUTS, smoking history, alcohol consumption and physical activity were assessed. Cases comprised men with at least three of the symptoms of nocturia, hesitancy, weak stream and incomplete emptying. Men who had had prostate surgery unrelated to cancer were not included as cases. Controls were men with no symptoms or surgery. We adjusted for age and race in logistic regression models and used sampling weights to account for selection probability. RESULTS: Current cigarette smokers had no higher odds of LUTS than 'never' smokers, but former heavy smokers (> or = 50 pack-years) had a higher odds of LUTS than never smokers (odds ratio 2.01; 95% confidence interval 1.04-3.89). Men who drank alcohol daily had a lower chance of LUTS than non-drinkers (0.59; 0.37-0.95; P trend, 0.07). All levels of moderate and vigorous activity were statistically significantly inversely associated with LUTS (P trend, 0.06), whereas men who reported no leisure-time physical activity had a greater odds of LUTS (2.06; 1.26-3.39). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate alcohol consumption and physical activity may be protective against LUTS. Current cigarette smoking was not consistently associated with the condition. The possible association in former smokers warrants further investigation. 
Great Lakes (GL) sport fish consumption is a potential route of exposure for environmentally persistent organochlorine contaminants, which may have human health effects. In this report, relationships are explored among individual congeners in a large cohort of frequent and infrequent GL sport fish consumers. Blood samples were obtained in 1993-1995 and analyzed for 1,1-bis(4-chlorophenyl)-2,2-dichloroethene (DDE) and for 62 noncoplanar polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), 4 coplanar PCBs, 8 polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxin (dioxin), and10 dibenzofuran (furan) congeners. All GL fish eaters and referents had detectable levels of DDE, total noncoplanar PCBs, total coplanar PCBs, total dioxins, and total furans. Noncoplanar PCBs were higher in GL sport fish consumers than in a referent population from the same geographic area, were associated with GL sport-caught fish (GLSCF) consumption, and varied significantly by Great Lake. DDE, lower chlorinated dioxin and furan toxic equivalents (TEQs), and coplanar PCB TEQs were positively associated with noncoplanar PCBs but were not associated with GL sport fish consumption independent of PCB level. Highly chlorinated dioxin and furan congener TEQs were not significantly associated with noncoplanar PCBs or GL sport fish consumption, suggesting that participants were acquiring some of these TEQs from a source other than GLSCF. In epidemiologic studies, it may be important to include populations with higher organochlorine exposures as well as background exposures and to consider the effects of individual congeners or mixtures of congeners on health outcomes.
Although cross-sectional studies have shown an inverse or U-shaped relation between alcohol consumption and plasma concentration of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), the associations between specific types of alcoholic beverages--beer, wine, and liquor--and hs-CRP concentrations are less clear. Plasma concentrations of hs-CRP were measured in 11,815 participants in the Women's Health Study who had never used postmenopausal hormones. Alcohol intake was measured using a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Alcohol consumption had an inverse association with geometric mean hs-CRP concentrations (nondrinkers 1.43 mg/L, 0.1 to 6 g alcohol/day 1.37 mg/L, 6.1 to 12 g alcohol/day 1.29 mg/L, >12 g alcohol/day 1.28 mg/L, p for trend = 0.003). In age-adjusted analyses, beverage preference was a significant predictor of geometric mean hs-CRP concentration. However, after adjustment for body mass index (BMI), beer drinkers who consumed 6.1 to 12 g alcohol/day had a geometric mean hs-CRP concentration of 1.03 mg/L, wine drinkers 1.09 mg/L, liquor drinkers 1.28 mg/L, and combination drinkers 1.09 mg/L (p = 0.43). The association between alcohol and hs-CRP concentration appears to be mediated primarily by ethanol and was independent of the type of alcoholic beverage consumed once BMI was taken into account.
Antioxidants, particularly carotenoids and tocopherols, may protect against cardiovascular disease. The objective of this study was to determine whether dietary and adipose tissue carotenoids and tocopherols are associated with the risk of myocardial infarction (MI). Cases (n = 1456) of a first acute MI were identified and matched by age, sex, and residence to randomly selected population controls (n = 1456) living in Costa Rica. Carotenoids and tocopherols were measured in adipose tissue using HPLC. Dietary intake was assessed using a validated FFQ. Anthropometrical and lifestyle data were collected using an interviewer-administered questionnaire. Subjects were distributed into quintiles of intake or adipose tissue concentration of carotenoids or tocopherols. The lowest quintile was used as the referent in conditional logistic regression analyses. Adipose tissue beta-carotene showed a significant inverse relation with MI risk; the odds ratio (OR) comparing the highest to the lowest quintile was 0.70 (95% CI: 0.51-0.96, P for trend = 0.02). Intake of fruits and vegetables that are rich in beta-carotene was also inversely associated with the risk of MI (OR = 0.74; CI: 0.54-1.01, P for trend = 0.09). In contrast, lutein + zeaxanthin in adipose tissue (OR = 1.46; CI: 1.05-2.05, P for trend = 0.02) and diet (OR = 1.18; CI: 0.88-1.57, P for trend = 0.02) was positively associated with MI risk. MI risk was not associated with any of the other carotenoids or tocopherols in the diet or adipose tissue. Thus, the inverse association between beta-carotene and MI risk suggests that beta-carotene protects against MI or it is a marker of some protective factor in foods containing beta-carotene. The mechanism underlying the positive association between lutein + zeaxanthin and the risk of MI warrants investigation.
OBJECTIVE: Trans-fatty acids (TFAs) are formed during partial hydrogenation of vegetable oils and are shown to be more atherogenic than saturated fatty acids (SFAs). Our previous study showed that dietary TFAs decrease adipose tissue insulin sensitivity to a greater extent than SFAs in rats. We hypothesized that the effects of these fatty acids on insulin sensitivity could be mediated through an alteration in gene expression. In the current study we have investigated the effects of dietary TFAs or SFAs on expression of genes associated with insulin sensitivity in rat adipose tissue. DESIGN AND METHODS: Male weanling Wistar/NIN rats were divided into four groups and fed one of the following diets containing 10% fat (g/100 g diet) differing only in the fatty acid composition for 3 months: control diet (3.7% linoleic acid (LA)), SFA diet (5% SFA), TFA diet 1 (1.5% TFA + 1% LA) and TFA diet 2 (1.5% TFA + 2% LA). The mRNA expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma), lipoprotein lipase (LPL), glucose transporter-4 (GLUT4), resistin and adiponectin was analyzed in epididymal fat using RT-PCR. The effects of TFA were studied at two levels of LA to understand the beneficial effects of LA over the effects of TFA. RESULTS: Both dietary SFA and TFA upregulated the mRNA levels of resistin. Dietary SFA downregulated adiponectin and GLUT4 and upregulated LPL, while TFA downregulated PPARgamma and LPL. The effects of dietary TFA on PPARgamma and resistin were not counteracted by increased LA (TFA diet 2). CONCLUSION: The effects of SFAs on the aforementioned genes except PPARgamma could be extrapolated towards decreased insulin sensitivity, while only the alteration in the mRNA levels of PPARgamma and resistin could be associated with insulin resistance in TFA-fed rats. These findings suggest that dietary SFAs and TFAs alter the expression of different genes associated with insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue. 
BACKGROUND: Folate intake increases plasma folate and reduces total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations, which may lower coronary artery disease (CAD) and cancer risks. Folate metabolism may be altered by alcohol intake and 2 common polymorphisms in the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene, 677C-->T and 1298A-->C. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether the associations between folate intake and plasma folate and tHcy concentrations were modified by alcohol intake or variations in the MTHFR gene. DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis among 988 women by using multivariate linear regression models to estimate mean plasma tHcy and folate concentrations. Folate intake was the sum of food and supplemental sources. RESULTS: We observed an inverse association between folate intake and tHcy, which was modified by alcohol intake (P for interaction = 0.04) and MTHFR677 genotype (P for interaction = 0.05) but not by MTHFR1298 genotype (P for interaction = 0.97). In the lowest quintile of folate intake, moderate drinkers (>/=15 g alcohol/d) had significantly higher tHcy concentrations (15.2 +/- 2.9 nmol/mL) than did light drinkers (11.3 +/- 0.7 nmol/mL) and nondrinkers (11.0 +/- 0.8 nmol/mL). However, the reduction in tHcy between the highest and lowest quintiles of folate intake was significantly greater in moderate drinkers (-6.6 nmol/mL) than in light drinkers (-2.3 nmol/mL) and nondrinkers (-2.1 nmol/mL). The elevated tHcy in women with low folate intake who also consumed moderate amounts of alcohol was even higher (22.4 +/- 4.8 nmol/mL) in the presence of the variant MTHFR677 allele. The positive association between folate intake and plasma folate was somewhat modified by alcohol intake (P for interaction = 0.08) but not by either MTHFR genotype. CONCLUSIONS: Moderate alcohol intake and low MTHFR activity have adverse effects on tHcy, but those effects may be overcome by sufficient folate intake. 
BACKGROUND: Endothelial dysfunction is one of the mechanisms linked to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the association between several diet-quality scores and plasma concentrations of markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. DESIGN: Diet-quality scores on the Healthy Eating Index (HEI), Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI), Diet Quality Index Revised (DQI-R), Recommended Food Score (RFS), and the alternate Mediterranean Diet Index (aMED) were calculated by using a food-frequency questionnaire that was administered in 1990 to 690 women in the Nurses' Health Study (ages 43-69 y, no cardiovascular disease or diabetes). Blood collection was completed in the same year. We used regression analysis to assess the associations between these diet-quality scores and plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, E-selectin, soluble intercellular cell adhesion molecule 1, and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1. RESULTS: The various diet-quality scores were significantly correlated with each other; correlation coefficients ranged from 0.56 to 0.80 (all P values < 0.0001). After adjustment for age, body mass index, alcohol intake, physical activity, smoking status, and energy intake, the HEI and DQI-R were not significantly associated with any of the biomarkers, whereas the AHEI and aMED scores were associated with significantly lower concentrations of most biomarkers. The RFS was significantly associated with a lower concentration of E-selectin only. C-reactive protein concentrations were 30% (P < 0.05) and 24% (P < 0.05) lower in the top than in the bottom quintile of the AHEI and of the aMED, respectively CONCLUSION: Higher AHEI and aMED scores were associated with lower concentrations of biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction and therefore may be useful as guidelines for reducing the risk of diseases involving such biological pathways. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine the association of alcohol consumption with years-long blood pressure (BP) change, as well as baseline BP, adjusted for potential confounders. DESIGN: A prospective cohort study. SETTING: A metal-products factory in Toyama, Japan. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 3900 men aged 20-59 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: BP was measured annually for 7 years after the baseline examination. The generalized estimating equation method was used to analyze the relationship of alcohol consumption to baseline BP and average annual BP change, adjusting for age, yearly weight, work-related factors, and lifestyle factors, including the frequency of intake of 22 food groups. RESULTS: The baseline systolic BP after multivariate adjustment was 3.9 and 5.0 mmHg higher in drinkers consuming 200-299 and > or = 300 g alcohol/week, respectively, than in non-drinkers (P < 0.001). The annual increase in systolic BP was 0.44 mmHg greater in drinkers consuming > or = 300 g/week than in non-drinkers after adjustment for age and weight change (P < 0.001), where the increase over 7 years was estimated to be 3.08 mmHg greater. Even after being adjusted for the frequency of intake of 22 food groups, drinkers consuming > or = 300 g/week showed a 0.33 mmHg greater annual increase in systolic BP than non-drinkers (P = 0.022). Baseline diastolic BP was significantly associated with alcohol consumption, but annual BP change was not. CONCLUSIONS: An alcohol intake > or = 300 g/week was associated with significantly greater annual BP increase, and baseline BP was significantly higher in drinkers consuming > or = 200 g/week. It is necessary to limit alcohol intake to less than 200 g/week to prevent hypertension. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: We aimed at examining the intake of ready-to-eat cereals (RTEC) among adolescents in Crete, Greece, and investigate relationships with health and diet indicators. METHODS: A sample of 392 adolescents (183 boys, 209 girls) aged 15 +/- 0.4 years, attending high schools of two major counties in Crete, was studied to determine consumption of RTEC using a frequency questionnaire. Anthropometric measurements were performed and blood was drawn for analysis of serum lipoproteins and blood glucose (BG). The physical fitness was assessed with the 20-meter shuttle run test (SRT) and the amount of time watching television was estimated. Nutrient intakes were calculated through 24-hour dietary recalls. RESULTS: 42% (n = 77) of boys and 43% (n = 90) of girls reported consumption of RTEC at least once per week. Approximately 40% of the male and 47% of the female consumers reported eating RTEC only at meals other than breakfast. RTEC consumption was inversely related to the obesity indices and BG levels, and positively related to the SRT (p < 0.05 in all analyses). RTEC consumers had significantly higher intakes of fibre, magnesium, calcium, iron, folate, and vitamins A, B2 and B6 (p < 0.05 in all analyses). CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrated favourable associations between RTEC intake and health and diet indicators in Greek adolescents, with potential implications for improved health status and chronic disease risk reduction. 
AIM: This pilot study attempts to assess how far the standardized questionnaires are a valid tool to detect the food-related burden of acrylamide. Acrylamide is a toxic substance classified by the International Agency of Research on Cancer, as well as the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, as a probable human carcinogen. METHODS: A venous blood sample was taken in order to determine the smoking-specific acrylnitrile adduct N-cyanoethylvaline and the acrylamide adduct N-2-carbamoylethylvaline in a female study population expecting delivery soon. A standardized questionnaire was used to determine the consumption of acrylamide-contaminated food. The results of our questionnaire were transferred to a linear evaluation system. Finally, anamnestic data of the questionnaire were correlated to objective parameters such as blood levels of hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and acrylonitrile. RESULTS: A positive correlation between the acrylamide intake and the levels of hemoglobin adducts in our study population was not proven. CONCLUSIONS: Evaluation of food-related exposure to acrylamide is difficult due to several reasons. Firstly, the validity of anamnestic data strongly depends on the patient's ability to remember precisely all consumed food (quality as well as quantity) over a 3-month period. In addition, the contamination of acrylamide in food varies from one product to another; even the contamination of the same product is variable. Therefore, the missing correlation between the questionnaire and hemoglobin adduct rates is rather due to restricted validity of anamnestic data. 
Significant amounts of methylmercury (MeHg) can bioaccumulate in fish and sea mammals. To monitor MeHg exposure in individuals, organic and inorganic mercury are often measured in blood samples or in hair strands, the latter being by far the best integrator of past exposure. With knowledge of the MeHg kinetics in humans, the levels of both biomarkers can be related to MeHg body burden and intakes. In the present study, we use the toxicokinetic model of Carrier et al. (2001) describing the distribution and excretion of MeHg in humans, to reconstruct the history of MeHg intakes of indigenous women of the Inuvik region in Canada starting from total mercury concentrations in hair segments. From these reconstructed MeHg intakes, the corresponding simulated mercury blood concentrations are found to be good predictors of the concentrations actually measured in blood samples. An important conclusion of this study is that, for almost all subjects, the reconstructed history of their MeHg intakes provides much lower intake values than intakes estimated from questionnaires on food consumption and estimated MeHg levels in these foods; the mean value of the reconstructed MeHg intakes is 0.03 microg/kg/day compared with the mean value of 0.20 microg/kg/day obtained from questionnaires. The model was also used to back-calculate the MeHg intakes from concentrations in hair strands collected from aboriginals of the Amazon region in Brazil, a population significantly more exposed than the population of the Inuvik region.
Biomarkers could provide a more accurate measure of long-term intake than questionnaires. Adipose tissue is considered the best indicator of long-term essential fatty acid intake, but other tissues may prove equally valid. The authors evaluated the ability of fasting whole blood, relative to fasting plasma and adipose tissue, to reflect fatty acid intake. Costa Rican men (n = 99) and women (n = 101) completed a 135-item food frequency questionnaire and provided adipose tissue and blood samples from 1999 to 2001. Fatty acids were identified by using capillary gas chromatography. Correlation coefficients adjusted for age, sex, and body mass index were calculated. Diet-tissue correlation coefficients for alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid, respectively, were 0.38 and 0.43 in whole blood, 0.51 and 0.52 in adipose tissue, and 0.39 and 0.41 in plasma. High correlations were observed between whole-blood alpha-linolenic and linoleic acid and adipose tissue (r = 0.59 and r = 0.67) and plasma (r = 0.96 and r = 0.88), respectively. Results show that fasting whole blood is a suitable biomarker of long-term essential fatty acid intake, and its performance is comparable to that of fasting plasma. Thus, fasting whole blood could be the sample of choice in epidemiologic studies because of its ability to predict intake, its accessibility, and minimum sample processing.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether altering energy intake as red meat protein or carbohydrate modifies chylomicron homeostasis and postprandial lipaemia. DESIGN: Randomized single-blind dietary intervention trial. SETTING: School of Public Health, Division of Health Science, Curtin University, Perth, Western Australia. SUBJECTS: A total of 20 moderately hypertriglyceridaemic but otherwise healthy subjects were recruited and completed the study. INTERVENTION: Participants consumed an isocaloric weight maintenance diet low in protein (14, 53 and 30% of energy as protein, carbohydrate and fat, respectively) or high in protein (25, 35 and 30% energy as protein, carbohydrate and fat) for a period of 6 weeks. Fasting plasma lipids and postprandial lipoprotein studies (triglyceride and apolipoprotein B48) following an oral fat challenge were carried out at the start and conclusion of the dietary intervention period. RESULTS: Consumption of the low- or high-protein diet had no significant effect on fasting plasma or postprandial lipaemia, the latter determined as the incremental area under the triglyceride curve following a fat challenge. However, subjects who consumed a low-protein diet for 6 weeks had a substantially exaggerated postprandial chylomicron response, indicated as the area under the apo B48 curve following a fat challenge. The change in postprandial chylomicron kinetics could not be explained by changes in insulin sensitivity, which appeared to be similar before and after intervention with either diet. CONCLUSIONS: Daily moderate consumption of a lean red meat protein-enriched diet attenuates postprandial chylomicronaemia in response to ingestion of a fatty meal. 
The bioavailability of vitamin C from pulsed electric fields (PEF)-treated vegetable soup in comparison with freshly made (FM) vegetable soup-gazpacho-and its impact on 8-epiPGF(2alpha) and uric acid concentrations in a human population were assessed. For this purpose six subjects consumed 500 ml PEF-treated vegetable soup/day, and six subjects consumed 500 ml FM vegetable soup/day for 14 days. On the first day of the study, the subjects drank the vegetable soup in one dose (dose-response study), and on days 2-14 they consumed 250 ml in the morning and 250 ml in the afternoon (multiple-dose-response study). Blood was collected every hour for 6 h on the first day and again on days 7 and 14. All blood samples were analyzed for vitamin C, 8-epiPGF(2alpha), and uric acid. The maximum increase in plasma vitamin C occurred 3 h post-dose in both the PEF and the FM groups. Vitamin C remained significantly higher (P = 0.05) on days 7 and 14. The plasma 8-epiPGF(2alpha) concentration was significantly lower at the end of the study in both the PEF group (P = 0.002) and the FM group (P = 0.05). Plasma levels of vitamin C and 8-epiPGF(2alpha) were inversely correlated in both groups (r= -0.549, P = 0.018; and r = -0.743, P = 0.0004, respectively). To summarize, drinking two servings (500 ml) of PEF-treated or FM gazpacho daily increases plasma vitamin C and significantly decreases 8-epiPGF(2alpha) concentrations in healthy humans.
OBJECTIVE: In the search for optimal biomarkers of excessive drinking, only a few studies have been conducted to compare the relationships between ethanol consumption, liver status, and various laboratory markers of ethanol-induced diseases. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Concentrations of carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (%CDT and CDTect methods), serum sialic acid (SA), gamma-glutamyl transferase (gamma-GT), aspartate aminotransferase (ASAT), mean corpuscular volume (MCV), and a marker of fibrogenesis (PIIINP) were studied in 102 alcoholics with (n=59) or without (n=43) alcoholic liver disease. Controls were 34 healthy volunteers who were either social drinkers or abstainers. RESULTS: Although concentrations of all markers were significantly higher in the alcoholic patients than in the healthy controls, their diagnostic characteristics showed a considerable degree of variation. The %CDT, SA, and MCV showed the strongest correlations with the amount of recent alcohol intake. The presence of liver pathology notably influenced the results of CDTect, GT, ASAT, and PIIINP. In ROC analyses, the highest rates of diagnostic accuracy for detecting hazardous drinking were reached with GT (0.94), CDT (0.86), and SA (0.85), followed by MCV (0.79) and ASAT (0.77). Upon abstinence, the estimated times for normalization varied between 10 days (CDTect) and 25 days (GT). CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest distinct differences in the clinical characteristics of biological markers of ethanol consumption. While the overall accuracy of CDT and GT appear to be highest in the detection of problem drinking, serum SA and PIIINP measurements are of further value when the effects of liver pathology and ethanol drinking need to be differentiated. 
OBJECTIVE: Development of an evaluation tool of psychosocial constructs for use by participants in 2 federal programs, Food Stamp Nutrition Education and the Expanded Food and Nutrition Education Program. DESIGN: Cross-sectional data from a longitudinal study. PARTICIPANTS: Limited-resource women (n = 111) living in low-income communities. MEASURES: Test-retest reliability, internal consistency, ethnic differences, convergent validity. ANALYSIS: Spearman rank order correlation, analysis of variance, principal components analysis. RESULTS: Reliability coefficients ranged from a low of r = .18 (not significant) to r = .74 (P < .0001). Two items were deleted for not meeting criteria for reliability and 2 for redundancy. Ethnic differences at baseline were significant for 1 item. Domain constructs loaded on 4 to 5 factors for the biopsychosocial framework. Estimates of convergent validity of 9 constructs led to the deletion of 3 (ie, perceived barriers, social support, and perceived norms), with retention of perceived benefits, perceived control, self-efficacy, readiness to eat more fruit, readiness to eat more vegetables, and perceived diet quality. As an estimate of convergent validity, the final version of the tool with 6 constructs remaining showed significant correlations with indicators of diet quality: serum carotenoid values (r = .38, P < .001); hypothesized nutrients calculated from the mean of 3 24-hour dietary recalls (vitamin C, r = .47, P < .0001; vitamin A, r = .39, P < .0001; folate, r = .37, P < .0001; beta-carotene, r =.31, P < .001; and fiber, r = .46, P < .0001); fruit and vegetable servings (r = 0.55, P < .0001); Healthy Eating Index (r = .27, P < .05); and a fruit and vegetable behavioral scale (r = .60, P < .0001). CONCLUSION AND IMPLICATIONS: This systematic process yielded a fruit and vegetable evaluation tool useful for practitioners and researchers. This is the first validation study of this type to estimate convergent validity with 5 indicators of diet quality, including a biomarker. 
OBJECTIVE: This study developed and validated an iron checklist for assessing dietary iron intake of pregnant and postpartum women. METHODS: The checklist included 65 food and drink items. Iron intake measured by the checklist was compared with a diet history interview by paired t test and by the Bland-Altman method in 54 pregnant women. We then used the checklist to prospectively assess iron intake in a separate group of women in late pregnancy (n = 179) and at 6 mo postpartum (n = 177). The ability of the checklist to predict iron status was evaluated. RESULTS: There was no difference in reported mean iron intakes between the checklist and the diet history and there were good correlations between iron intake estimated from both methods (r = 0.69, P < 0.001 for food alone, r = 0.99, P < 0.001 for food plus supplements). However, the agreement between the two methods at an individual level was low. Pregnant women with low iron intake (lower than the recommended dietary intake) had lower serum ferritin levels (9.7 versus 14.5 microg/L, P < 0.001) and higher risk of iron deficiency (67.5% versus 34.9%, P < 0.0001) compared with women with adequate iron intake (at least the minimum recommended dietary intake), but these differences disappeared when women taking iron supplements were excluded. There was no association between iron intake and serum ferritin at 6 mo postpartum or between iron intake and hemoglobin levels at the end of pregnancy or at 6 mo postpartum. CONCLUSION: This simple iron checklist is a useful tool in describing iron intake of population samples of pregnant women but has limited ability to predict iron status. 
The present study was designed to evaluate the effect of amount of dietary protein levels on blood indicators of protein metabolism and immune condition (blood protein, hemocyanin, osmotic pressure, and hemocytes concentrations), and reproductive capacity of pre-adult Litopenaeus setiferus males (F0). Assessments were made of the relationship between amount of dietary protein, immune condition, and reproductive condition of the shrimp during the maturation process. Three different diets, with different amounts of protein (DP; 35, 45, and 55%), were evaluated over 55 days and compared with shrimp that were from a baseline group before treatments were administrated. Osmotic pressure, hemocyanin, blood protein, and hemocytes were greater in shrimp from control ponds than those obtained of shrimp fed 35 and 45% DP and similar to that obtained in shrimp fed 55% DP, demonstrating that food in the control pond had a nutritional value to that obtained by feeding amounts of dietary protein beyond 45%. Osmotic pressure, hemocyanin (Hc), blood protein (BP), and hemocytes were influenced by amount of DP with the physiology and immune system of shrimp being influenced by diet. At the same time, a maximum reproductive condition (measured as a proportion of normal cells of the total sperm cells) of shrimp males was observed in shrimp fed 45% DPL with lesser normal cells being present in shrimp fed 35 and 55% DPL. These results indicate that an immune reaction can occur in response to dietary protein with excess DP affecting several physiological functions included the sperm synthesis and sperm quality. Influence on hemocytes concentration in shrimp fed protein in excess could activate an attack on sperm cells in the vas deferens provoking lose of sperm quality in such conditions. Results indicate an optimal DP of 45 for maintaining the broodstock bank of L. setiferus.
OBJECTIVE: Examination of dietary indexes in association with objective biomarkers of dietary intake and chronic disease risk is an important step in their validation. We compared three dietary pattern indexes-Healthy Eating Index (HEI), Recommended Foods Score (RFS-24 hour recall), and Dietary Diversity Score for recommended foods (DDS-R)-for their ability to predict biomarkers of dietary intake, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. METHODS: We used dietary and laboratory data from the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey to study these associations in 8719 disease-free adults aged > or =20 y. The HEI, developed by the USDA, was a sum of scores on consideration of ten individual components; the RFS was a sum of all recommended foods (lean meat, poultry and fish, whole grains, fruits and juices, low-fat dairy, and vegetables) mentioned in the recall; the DDS-R examined whether or not a recommended food was mentioned from each of the five major food groups. The independent association of the dietary pattern indexes with body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, and serum concentrations of several biomarkers were examined using regression methods to adjust for multiple covariates. RESULTS: All indexes were strong independent positive predictors of serum concentrations of vitamin C, E, folate, and all carotenoids (p < or = 0.00001), except lycopene, and were negative predictors of BMI, serum homocysteine, C-reactive protein, plasma glucose, and hemoglobin A1C (p < 0.05). The RFS and DDS-R were inversely associated with blood pressure and serum cholesterol (p < or = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: The RFS and DDS-R performed as well or better than the HEI for predicting serum concentration of nutrients and biomarkers of disease risk. 
AIM: To evaluate the ability to infer alcohol consumption using the %CDT (carbohydrate deficient transferrin) immunoassay (Axis Shield). METHODS: One hundred and eighty-three healthy subjects (143 men, 40 women) undergoing a routine medical check-up at their workplace declared frequency and quantity of alcohol consumption covering the last 4 weeks. Seven sub-groups were made up from this population, according to daily ethanol intake and by increments of 10 g from 0 to 70 g/day. A reference group that consisted of 133 healthy teetotallers (74 men, 59 women) was recruited by occupational medicine in the same conditions as the 183 subjects of the study. Percentage CDT and gamma glutamyl transferase (GGT) were assayed on a fasting blood sample. RESULTS: There was a proportional dose-response effect of daily ethanol intake on %CDT values in the range of 0-70 g per day. A threshold effect on %CDT values for patients having an alcohol intake of over 40 g per day was found, an effect which was not observed for GGT activity. CONCLUSION: The kit has clinical usefulness, and the value of 2.6% proposed by the manufacturer for the cut-off for hazardous drinking in both sexes has been validated. 
This study identified ethyl sulfate (EtS) in human urine and compared the excretion characteristics of EtS with that of ethanol and ethyl glucuronide (EtG). Urine samples were collected from healthy subjects after a single ethanol dose, and also selected from routine clinical samples. Simultaneous analysis of EtS and EtG was performed by direct electrospray liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry in the negative ion mode, with selected-ion monitoring of the pseudomolecular ions at m/z 125 for EtS (M(w) 126 g/mol) and m/z 221 for EtG (M(w) 222 g/mol). The identity of EtS in authentic urine specimens was established by co-chromatography with reference substance, the presence of product ions (m/z 97 and 80 from m/z 125) with correct relative intensity, and a correct sulfur isotope ratio for (34)S (m/z 127). After healthy subjects drank ethanol, EtS showed a much longer, dose-dependent elimination half-life than the parent compound. No EtS was detected in urines collected after abstention from ethanol for several days prior to sampling. Among 354 consecutive clinical samples, 86 were positive for both EtS and EtG with a mean EtG/EtS molar ratio of 2.3 (median 1.7). Another three urine samples were only positive for EtS and four only for EtG. The present results confirm that sulfate conjugation is a normal but minor metabolic pathway for ethanol in humans, and EtS a common constituent in the urine after alcohol intake. It is also indicated that the concurrent determination of EtS and EtG will improve sensitivity, when being used as biomarkers of recent drinking.
Environmental stress causes adverse effects in performance and antioxidant status of poultry. Dietary chromium supplementation promotes the growth rate and feed efficiency of growing poultry and these beneficial effects of chromium appear to be greater under stress. Biotin, a member of the vitamin B complex, is involved in the metabolism of carbohydrates, fats, and proteins. In a previous experiment, we examined the effects of chromium picolinate (CrPic) as a chromium source in birds subjected to high environmental temperature and the data showed that supplementation with CrPic ameliorated the deletorious effect of stress. The study was conducted to determine the effects of a supplementation of combination of CrPic and biotin (Diachrome ) on performance, carcass characteristics, levels of oxidative stress markers, serum cholesterol, and glucose concentrations in Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica) exposed to high ambient temperature of 34 degrees C. Two hundred forty Japanese quail (10 d old) were randomly assigned to 8 treatment groups consisting of 10 replicates of 3 birds. The birds were kept in a temperature-controlled room at 22 degrees C (thermo-neutral [TN] groups) or 34 degrees C (for 8 h/d; 09.00 am to 05.00 pm; heat-stress [HS] groups). Birds were fed either a basal (control) diet (TN and HS) or the basal diet supplemented with either 1, 2, or 4 mg of Diachrome/kg of diet. Heat exposure decreased performance when the basal diet was fed (p = 0.001). Diachrome supplementation increased feed intake (p = 0.001), body weight (p = 0.05), feed efficiency (p = 0.01), and carcass traits (p <or= 0.05) variables linearly in birds reared under HS conditions. Serum vitamin C (p = 0.05) and vitamin E (p = 0.03) concentrations increased, whereas malondialdehyde (MDA) levels in serum and the liver (p = 0.01), thigh muscle (p = 0.05), and serum cholesterol and glucose concentrations (p = 0.05) decreased in supplemented birds reared at a high temperature. It should be noted that when birds were kept at the thermo-neutral temperature, Diachrome supplementation did not affect (p > 0.05) the variables measured, with the exception of a reduction in serum cholesterol and glucose. Results of the present study suggest that Diachrome can be considered a protective dietary supplement by reducing the negative effects of high environment temperature on performance and oxidative stress in quail.
Food frequency questionnaires are commonly used to assess habitual food intake. Although food frequency questionnaires are known to produce measurement error, the amount of error and effectiveness of correction methods are poorly understood. Twelve men from the Baltimore, MD/Washington, DC, area consumed an ad libitum diet for 16 weeks during the spring of 2001. At the end of the study period, subjects reported their food intakes with a food frequency questionnaire (Block 98). During weeks 8 and 16, subjects were dosed with doubly labeled water and maintained physical activity logs. Absolute and relative macronutrient intakes were poorly predicted by the food frequency questionnaire. The application of a single, group mean energy adjustment (using doubly labeled water or physical activity) reduced the variance of carbohydrate intake and increased the variance of fat and protein intakes, but none significantly (p>0.05). Subject-specific energy adjustments reduced the variance for carbohydrate and protein intakes (p<0.05). Including a body weight adjustment reduced the variance in fat intake (p<0.05) when doubly labeled water was used to first correct energy intake. The application of correction methods based on energy expenditure and body weight can be used to reduce measurement error, improving the ability of the food frequency questionnaire to measure food intake.
There is a genetic difference in sensitivity to alcohol in Orientals, which is known to be mainly due to polymorphisms of alcohol-metabolizing enzymes such as aldehyde dehydrogenase. Habitual alcohol drinking is a risk factor for hypertension. However, it has not been determined whether individual sensitivity to alcohol influences the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure. In this study, the relationship between amount of alcohol consumption and blood pressure was compared between groups of subjects with low and high sensitivities of circulatory response to alcohol. Sensitivity to alcohol in subjects (306 male workers) was evaluated by a self-administered questionnaire on symptoms (skin flushing and palpitation) that appear when drinking alcohol. Weight, height and blood pressure were measured. In subjects with high sensitivity to alcohol, systolic blood pressure was significantly higher in the subgroup of moderate-to-heavy drinkers (30 g/day or more) than in the subgroups of non-drinkers and light drinkers (less than 30 g/day). On the other hand, in subjects with low sensitivity to alcohol, systolic blood pressure in the subgroup of non-drinkers was not significantly different from that in the subgroups of light drinkers and moderate-to-heavy drinkers. The amount of daily alcohol consumption was significantly correlated with both systolic and diastolic blood pressures in subjects with high sensitivity to alcohol but not in subjects with low sensitivity to alcohol. Pressor effects of alcohol drinking on blood pressure were significant only in subjects with high sensitivity to alcohol, suggesting that there is a greater risk of development of hypertension from drinking large amounts of alcohol in people with high sensitivity to alcohol.
BACKGROUND: Phytoestrogens may be associated with a reduced risk of hormone dependent neoplasms such as prostate and breast cancers. We tried to determine the validity of the association between serum phytoestrogen concentrations and dietary habits obtained from a food frequency questionnaire used in the Japan Collaborative Cohort Study (JACC Study) for Evaluation of Cancer Risk sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Science, Sports and Culture of Japan (Monbusho). METHODS: The subjects were 151 male controls who were selected for a nested case-control study for evaluating prostate cancer risk as part of the JACC Study. Dietary habits were determined using a food frequency questionnaire at baseline, and the concentrations of genistein, daidzein, and equol in frozenstored serum samples assayed in 2002 were compared. RESULTS: Tofu intake showed a significant association with the serum concentrations of genistein and daidzein (Spearman's correlation coefficients (rs)=0.30 and 0.27, respectively), and miso soup showed a slight association with serum concentrations of these phytoestrogens. In contrast, serum concentrations of equol were not associated with dietary intake of tofu and miso soup. After adjustment for serum daidzein concentration, serum equol concentration was associated with the intake of foods containing fat, meat, and coffee, but not green tea. CONCLUSIONS: Serum genistein and daidzein concentrations were significantly associated with dietary intake of tofu, and slightly with intake of miso soup. Consumption of fat, meat, and coffee may be associated with equol production by intestinal microflora in this sample set. 
BACKGROUND: We wished to determine the validity of the association between serum carotenoid concentrations and dietary habits obtained from a food frequency questionnaire in the Japan Collaborative Cohort Study (JACC Study) for Evaluation of Cancer Risk sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Science, Sports and Culture of Japan (Monbusho). METHODS: The subjects were 866 male and 569 female controls in nested case-control studies for evaluating the risk of lung, colorectal, and urothelial cancers as parts of the JACC Study. Dietary habits were assessed using a food frequency questionnaire, and serum samples were obtained at baseline. Serum carotenoid concentrations of frozen-stored sera were measured and compared with the results of the survey. RESULTS: In males, consumption of dairy products, some oily foods, vegetables, fruits, and boiled beans correlated positively with serum carotenoid concentrations, whereas ingestion of boiled rice and sansai (edible wild plants) was negatively correlated with serum carotenoids. In females, only fruit consumption was positively correlated with serum carotenoid concentration, whereas ingestion of butter, sansai, and potatoes were negatively correlated. Some specific associations, between serum lycopene and tomato consumption and between serum beta-cryptoxanthin and ingestion of oranges, were observed in both sexes. CONCLUSIONS: In males, serum carotenoid concentrations were slightly associated with intake of foods rich in carotenoids. The lack of associations in females suggests that the food frequency questionnaire did not validly evaluate females' dietary habits concerning carotenoids in the JACC Study. 
OBJECTIVE: To describe changes in breakfast and cereal consumption of girls between ages 9 and 19 years, and to examine the association of breakfast and cereal intake with body mass index (BMI) and consumption of nutrients. DESIGN: Data from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study, a longitudinal biracial observational cohort study with annual 3-day food records. SUBJECTS/SETTING: The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study recruited 2,379 girls (1,166 white and 1,213 black), ages 9 and 10 years at baseline, from locations in the Berkeley, CA; Cincinnati, OH; and Washington, DC, areas. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Frequency of consumption of breakfast (including cereal vs other foods) and cereal; BMI; and dietary fat, fiber, calcium, cholesterol, iron, folic acid, vitamin C, and zinc. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Generalized estimating equations methodology was used to examine differences in the frequency of breakfast and cereal eating by age. Generalized estimating equations and mixed models were used to examine whether breakfast and cereal consumption were predictive of BMI and nutrient intakes, adjusting for potentially confounding variables. RESULTS: Frequency of breakfast and cereal consumption decreased with age. Days eating breakfast were associated with higher calcium and fiber intake in all models, regardless of adjustment variables. After adjusting for energy intake, cereal consumption was related to increased intake of fiber, calcium, iron, folic acid, vitamin C, and zinc, and decreased intake of fat and cholesterol. Days eating cereal was predictive of lower BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Cereal consumption as part of an overall healthful lifestyle may play a role in maintaining a healthful BMI and adequate nutrient intake among adolescent girls. 
This investigation determined if 3 levels of controlled caffeine consumption affected fluid-electrolyte balance and renal function differently. Healthy males (mean +/- standard deviation; age, 21.6 +/- 3.3 y) consumed 3 mg caffeine . kg(-1) . d(-1). on days 1 to 6 (equilibration phase). On days 7 to 11 (treatment phase), subjects consumed either 0 mg (C0; placebo; n= 20), 3 mg (C3; n = 20), or 6 mg (C6; n = 19) caffeine . kg(-1) . d(-1) in capsules, with no other dietary caffeine intake. The following variables were unaffected (P > 0.05) by different caffeine doses on days 1, 3, 6, 9, and 11 and were within normal clinical ranges: body mass, urine osmolality, urine specific gravity, urine color, 24-h urine volume, 24-h Na+ and K+ excretion, 24-h creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, serum Na+ and K+, serum osmolality, hematocrit, and total plasma protein. Therefore, C0, C3, and C6 exhibited no evidence of hypohydration. These findings question the widely accepted notion that caffeine consumption acts chronically as a diuretic.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to evaluate the effect of moderate Sicilian red wine consumption on cardiovascular risk factors and, in particular, on some inflammatory biomarkers. METHODS: A total of 48 subjects of both sexes who were nondrinkers or rare drinkers of moderate red wine were selected and randomly subdivided into two groups assigned to receive with a crossover design a Sicilian red wine (Nero d'Avola or Etna Torrepalino) during meals: Group A (n = 24), in whom the diet was supplemented for 4 weeks with 250 ml/day of red wine, followed by 4 weeks when they returned to their usual wine intake; and Group B (n = 24), in whom the usual wine intake was maintained for 4 weeks, followed by 4 weeks when the diet was supplemented with 250 ml/day of red wine. The following were values measured in all tests: blood glucose, total and HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol, LDL/HDL ratio, apolipoproteins A1 and B, Lp(a), plasma C-reactive protein, TGFbeta1, D-Dimer, Factor VII , PAl Ag, t-PA Ag, fibrinogen, oxidized LDL Ab, total plasma antioxidant capacity. RESULTS: At the end of the red wine intake period, LDL/HDL, fibrinogen, factor VII, plasma C-reactive protein and oxidized LDL Ab were significantly decreased, while HDL-C, Apo A1,TGFbeta1, t-PA, PAI and total plasma antioxidant capacity were significantly increased. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show a positive effect of two Sicilian red wines on many risk factors and on some inflammatory biomarkers, suggesting that a moderate consumption of red wine in the adult population is a positive component of the Mediterranean diet. 
The main objective of this study was to find out whether the content of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) in plasma cholesteryl-esters (CE) or triglycerides (TG) in parrots might serve as an index of ALA intake. The intake of ALA might be a risk factor for atherosclerosis, but on the basis of the fatty acid composition of seed mixtures the intake is difficult to assess due to selective eating of seeds. Parrots were fed two seed mixtures that differed in ALA content according to a cross over design. The macronutrient composition of the diets supplied differed from that of the diets consumed. The diets consumed had higher levels of dry matter, crude protein, crude fat and energy, and lower levels of crude fibre and crude ash. The ALA content, expressed as g/kg diet, was similar for the diet supplied and that consumed, irrespective of the type of diet. The diets had no systematic effect on plasma lipid concentrations. There were marked differences in plasma cholesterol concentrations between parrot species. When the diet with the low ALA content was fed (0.8% ALA of total fatty acids consumed, 1.1 g ALA/kg of diet consumed), the plasma CE and TG did not contain detectable ALA amounts. When the diet with the high ALA content was fed (4.2% ALA of total fatty acids consumed, 6.1 g ALA/kg of diet consumed), the plasma CE and TG contained about 1% ALA of total fatty acids. It is suggested that the content of ALA in plasma CE and TG might be used as an indicator of ALA intake.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess the ability of a single 24-h dietary recall (24HDR) and food questionnaires (FQ) to predict plasma carotenoid levels at the ecological level by assessing the relationship between mean plasma carotenoid levels and mean intake of fruit and vegetables measured by 24HDR and FQ across 16 European regions. DESIGN: A random subsample of 3089 subjects was included, stratified by age and gender. They provided blood samples and dietary information between 1992 and 2000 as part of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. RESULTS: Using Spearman's correlation coefficients, the correlations between mean regional 24HDR fruit and vegetable variables and corresponding mean plasma carotenoid levels were generally higher than the correlations using FQ means. The highest correlation was between the 24HDR citrus fruit variable and beta-cryptoxanthin (r = 0.90). For 24HDR, total fruits and vegetables were highly correlated with lutein, zeaxanthin, and beta-cryptoxanthin (r = 0.83-0.87), while vegetables were more closely related with lutein (r = 0.69) and zeaxanthin (r = 0.68), and fruits correlated with zeaxanthin (r = 0.87) and beta-cryptoxanthin (r = 0.84). Root vegetables (r = 0.81) and total carrots (r = 0.71) were well correlated with alpha-carotene. In the multivariate models adjusting for age, body mass index, and season, and using observations of means stratified by sex and region, the association was generally higher for 24HDR compared to FQ. CONCLUSION: Mean regional intakes of fruits and vegetables in several European countries were closely correlated with corresponding mean plasma levels of individual carotenoids. Fruits and vegetables measured by 24HDR were generally better able to predict plasma carotenoids at the ecological level. 
AIMS: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality and morbidity in patients with Type 2 diabetes. Both light-to-moderate alcohol consumption and higher serum concentrations of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) are associated with reduced CVD mortality, raising the possibility of DHEA as a causal intermediate in CVD and alcohol consumption. METHODS: Relationships between alcohol consumption and serum DHEA sulphate (DHEA-S) concentration, carotid atherosclerosis as evaluated by carotid ultrasonography and major cardiovascular risk factors were investigated in 404 consecutive men with Type 2 diabetes. Patients were divided into three groups according to mean ethanol consumption per week: non-drinkers, light-to-moderate drinkers (< 210 g per week) or heavy drinkers (> or = 210 g per week). RESULTS: Plasma HDL-cholesterol was positively associated with the degree of alcohol consumption. Intima-media thickness (0.92 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.09 +/- 0.35 mm, P < 0.0001) and plaque score (3.0 +/- 3.3 vs. 5.2 +/- 4.9, P = 0.008) were lower in light-to-moderate drinkers than in non-drinkers. Serum DHEA-S concentrations were higher in light-to-moderate drinkers (1264.2 +/- 592.2 ng/ml, P < 0.0001) and heavy drinkers (1176.2 +/- 607.6 ng/ml, P = 0.0100) than in non-drinkers (956.8 +/- 538.6 ng/ml). In a subgroup aged 60-75-year-old patients (n = 277), serum DHEA-S concentrations were higher in light-to-moderate drinkers (1126.8 +/- 502.5 ng/ml, P = 0.0121) than in non-drinkers (937.9 +/- 505.1 ng/ml). Also, in a subgroup without CVD (n = 339), serum DHEA-S concentrations were higher in light-to-moderate drinkers (1328.5 +/- 593.7 ng/ml, P < 0.0001) than in non-drinkers (970.1 +/- 540.7 ng/ml). CONCLUSIONS: Higher serum DHEA-S concentrations in light-to-moderate drinkers may represent part of the link between light-to-moderate alcohol consumption and lower CVD mortality. 
High consumption of vegetables and fruits is associated with reduced risk for cardiovascular disease. However, little information is available about diets based predominantly on consumption of fruits and their health consequences. We investigated the effects of an extremely high dietary intake of raw vegetables and fruits (70-100% raw food) on serum lipids and plasma vitamin B-12, folate, and total homocysteine (tHcy). In a cross-sectional study, the lipid, folate, vitamin B-12, and tHcy status of 201 adherents to a raw food diet (94 men and 107 women) were examined. The participants consumed approximately 1500-1800 g raw food of plant origin/d mainly as vegetables or fruits. Of the participants, 14% had high serum LDL cholesterol concentrations, 46% had low serum HDL cholesterol, and none had high triglycerides. Of raw food consumers, 38% were vitamin B-12 deficient, whereas 12% had an increased mean corpuscular volume (MCV). Plasma tHcy concentrations were correlated with plasma vitamin B-12 concentrations (r = -0.450, P < 0.001), but not with plasma folate. Plasma tHcy and MCV concentrations were higher in those in the lowest quintile of consumption of food of animal origin (P(trend) < 0.001). This study indicates that consumption of a strict raw food diet lowers plasma total cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, but also lowers serum HDL cholesterol and increases tHcy concentrations due to vitamin B-12 deficiency.
OBJECTIVE: Flavonoids, as antioxidants, may prevent the progressive impairment of pancreatic beta-cell function due to oxidative stress and may thus reduce the occurrence of type 2 diabetes. The aim of the present study was to examine the association of dietary flavonol and flavone intake with type 2 diabetes, and biomarkers of insulin resistance and systemic inflammation. METHODS: In 38,018 women aged > or =45 y and free of cardiovascular disease, cancer and diabetes with an average 8.8 y of follow-up, we calculated relative risks (RRs) of incident type 2 diabetes (1,614 events) according to dietary intake of total or individual flavonols and flavones and flavonoid-rich foods. We also measured and examined plasma concentrations of insulin, HbA(1C), CRP, and IL-6 in relation to total flavonol and flavone intake among 344 nondiabetic women. RESULTS: During 332,905 person-years of follow-up, none of total flavonols and flavones, quercetin, kaempferol, myricetin, apigenin, and luteolin was significantly associated with risk of type 2 diabetes. Among flavonoid-rich foods, apple and tea consumption was associated with diabetes risk. Women consuming > or =1 apple/d showed a significant 28% reduced risk of type 2 diabetes compared with those who consumed no apples (the multivariate-adjusted RR = 0.72, 95% CI: 0.56, 0.92; p = 0.006 for trend). Tea consumption was also inversely associated with diabetes risk but with a borderline significant trend (> or =4 cups/d vs. none: RR 0.73, 95% CI: 0.52-1.01; p for trend = 0.06). In 344 nondiabetic women, total intake of flavonols and flavones was not significantly related to plasma concentrations of fasting insulin, HbA(1C), CRP, or IL-6. CONCLUSIONS: These results do not support the hypothesis that high intake of flavonols and flavones reduces the development of type 2 diabetes, although we cannot rule out a modest inverse association with intake of apples and tea. 
The fatty acid profiles of serum lipids were examined in 53 ten-year-old cleft children. The children presented with different cleft types (cleft lip, cleft lip and palate, isolated cleft palate and submucuous cleft palate) and were recruited from the Finnish Cleft Center. We also studied associations between serum lipid fatty acids and early breast milk intake, cognitive development in terms of preschool language learning and school achievement. The fatty acid profiles of serum lipids did not differ between boys and girls. The proportion of myristic acid in serum cholesteryl esters (CE) was higher and proportion of nervonic acid in phospholipids (PL) lower in children with isolated palatal clefts than in those with submucuous clefts. Out of the present children, 30% and 60% received breast milk less than 1 or 3 months, respectively. The proportions of docosahexaenoic acid in CE and in PL were significantly higher in the children whose breast milk intake was longer than 3 months. The number of children requiring special education was higher among those who received breast milk less than 1 month than among those with longer breast milk intake. In conclusion, the fatty acid profiles of serum lipids seem to be comparable among children with different cleft types. Short breast milk intake was associated with poorer school performance.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reproducibility, construct validity, and preferences for the 2-item Stress/Urge Incontinence Questionnaire. METHODS: The questionnaire asks a patient to recall the number of stress urinary incontinence and urge urinary incontinence episodes she experienced during the preceding week. The 4-week prospective study included 3 office visits and enrolled women with stress, urge, or mixed urinary incontinence symptoms. The test-retest reproducibility was assessed after 3 days, and the construct validity of the questionnaire was evaluated against a diary and other measures of incontinence severity and effect. The bother associated with completing (patients) or analyzing (physicians) the diary was assessed. Both groups also reported their time requirements and preferences for the questionnaire or diary. RESULTS: Reproducibility for the classification of symptoms was moderately strong (kappa = .536). Test-retest agreement was good (64-80%) for all but balanced mixed incontinence (38%). Intraclass correlations revealed good reproducibility for the number of stress (.694), urge (.703), and total (.726) incontinence episodes. Significant (P < .01) correlations with other measures of incontinence established construct validity. Patients and physicians reported it took less time to complete the questionnaire than the diary, but the majority said the completion or analysis of the diary was of little or no bother and preferred the diary. CONCLUSION: The Stress/Urge Incontinence Questionnaire is a valid tool that can be used in clinical practice to differentiate between symptoms of stress and urge urinary incontinence to make an initial diagnosis, especially in primary care where incontinence is not a focus of the practice. 
OBJECTIVE: Patients with rectal cancer receive curative radiotherapy towards the pelvis for 5 weeks. Little is known about the impact of radiotherapy on dietary intake and nutritional status. The objective was to examine whether curative radiotherapy for rectal cancer promoted altered intake of energy and nutrients, and change in nutritional indicators. DESIGN: Prospective study. SETTING: Department of Oncology in a tertiary care hospital. SUBJECTS: A total of 31 consecutive patients receiving radiotherapy for rectal cancer (50 Gray). INTERVENTIONS: A 7-day food intake registration, body weight, upper arm circumference, and analyses of blood samples were performed at the start and the end of radiotherapy, and at follow-up 4-6 weeks and 1 year after the end of radiotherapy. RESULTS: At the end of 5 weeks of radiotherapy, the mean daily energy intake was reduced by 15% from 8.9 to 7.6 MJ as compared with baseline (P = 0.002), and the intake of several nutrients was reduced (P < 0.01). The percentages of energy derived from fat, protein, and carbohydrates did not change, nor did the nutrient density. A transient body weight reduction of < 1 kg was observed (P = 0.009). Serum concentrations of vitamin A and 25-OH vitamin D did not change during radiotherapy. The daily intake of energy and nutrients, and body weight, had increased towards pretreatment values 4-6 weeks after radiotherapy. CONCLUSIONS: Radiotherapy for rectal cancer caused a transient reduction in energy intake and nutritional indicators. The nutritional quality of the diet was unchanged during radiotherapy. 
AIMS: To determine if sward height grazed by ewes in mid- to late-pregnancy affects subsequent indices of colostrum intake by twin and triplet lambs, and the extent of the variation in colostrums intake between twin and triplet litter-mates. METHODS: Blood samples were collected from 75 twin and 46 triplet litters, respectively, 24-36 h after birth. Samples were not collected from lambs that died before this age. Lambs were born to ewes which had grazed one of four sward heights (2, 4, 6 and 8 cm) during mid- to late-pregnancy. Serum samples were analysed for gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) activities and glucose concentrations. The number of lambs present at weaning was used to determine lamb survival rate. RESULTS: GGT activities of lambs born to ewes that grazed swards 2 cm high were lower than those born to ewes that grazed swards 4 and 6 cm high (p=0.053 and p=0.037, respectively). Glucose concentrations were higher in twin than triplet lambs (p=0.003) and in lambs born to ewes grazed on swards 6 cm high than those born to ewes grazed on swards 2 cm high (p=0.033). These differences were not evident after correction for differences in birthweight. There was significant (p<0.001) variation within litter-mates for GGT activities and glucose concentrations in both twins and triplets. The blood constituent status of lambs that died before the 24-36 h collection period is not known. However, lambs which died after this period had significantly lower GGT activities (p=0.009) and glucose (p=0.010) concentrations at the time of sampling than those which survived. CONCLUSIONS: Farmers should ensure twin- and triplet-bearing ewes in mid- to late-pregnancy are grazing at least 4 cm of herbage to ensure colostrum intake of lambs in the postpartum period is not adversely affected. 
The objectives of the study reported here were to determine the prevalence of elevated blood lead levels in rural Minnesota and to evaluate a lead-risk-screening questionnaire. Blood lead tests and lead risk questionnaires were obtained for a sample of 1,090 children younger than 48 months of age (72 percent of the eligible population) from three rural counties of west-central Minnesota between September 1, 2001, and August 31, 2002. It was found that overall, 2.4 percent of children in the study had blood lead levels of > or = 10 microg/dL (0.48 micromol/L) (results for capillary and venous tests combined), 0.9 percent had venous blood lead levels of > or = 10 microg/dL, and 0.5 percent of study participants had blood lead levels of > or = 20 microg/dL (0.96 micromol/L). Three risk factor questions, when taken together, predicted 90 percent of blood lead levels of > or = 10 microg/dL and all blood lead levels of > or = 20 microg/dL. The study estimated the prevalence of lead poisoning using a sample of the entire population rather than a clinic-based convenience sample. The authors conclude that targeted screening is an effective way to identify lead-poisoned children in rural areas of Minnesota.
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Ureteral stents are associated with significant pain and urinary symptoms. Manufacturers have altered stent designs and materials in an attempt to minimize this morbidity. This study evaluated the impact of these modifications. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Stent manufacturers were asked to provide the 6F ureteral stent they believed would be associated with the least patient discomfort. Patients undergoing uncomplicated ureteroscopy were randomized to the Bard Inlay, Cook Endo-Sof, Microvasive Contour, Applied Medical Vertex, or Surgitek Classic Double-Pigtail stent. The Ureteric Stent Symptom Questionnaire (USSQ) was administered on days 1, 3, and 5, and the patients maintained a narcotic diary. The data were analyzed using ANOVA and nonparametric methods. RESULTS: A total of 44 patients (73%) completed all USSQ questionnaires. Urinary symptom scores were significantly lower for the Inlay stent on day 3 than for the Vertex (P = 0.01), Contour (P = 0.05), Endo-Sof (P = 0.03), and Classic (P = 0.02) stents. No significant differences were noted in pain and general symptom scores or narcotic use. CONCLUSIONS: The Bard Inlay stent is associated with less-severe urinary symptoms than other ureteral stents. The USSQ is a sensitive tool to measure differences between stents. 
CONTEXT: Adequate vitamin D status for optimum bone health has received increased recognition in recent years; however, the ideal intake is not known. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D is the generally accepted indicator of vitamin D status, but no universal reference level has been reached. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relative importance of high calcium intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D for calcium homeostasis, as determined by serum intact parathyroid hormone (PTH). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Cross-sectional study of 2310 healthy Icelandic adults who were divided equally into 3 age groups (30-45 years, 50-65 years, or 70-85 years) and recruited from February 2001 to January 2003. They were administered a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, which assessed vitamin D and calcium intake. Participants were further divided into groups according to calcium intake (<800 mg/d, 800-1200 mg/d, and >1200 mg/d) and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level (<10 ng/mL, 10-18 ng/mL, and >18 ng/mL). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Serum intact PTH as determined by calcium intake and vitamin D. RESULTS: A total of 944 healthy participants completed all parts of the study. After adjusting for relevant factors, serum PTH was lowest in the group with a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level of more than 18 ng/mL but highest in the group with a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level of less than 10 ng/mL. At the low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level (<10 ng/mL), calcium intake of less than 800 mg/d vs more than 1200 mg/d was significantly associated with higher serum PTH (P = .04); and at a calcium intake of more than 1200 mg/d, there was a significant difference between the lowest and highest vitamin D groups (P = .04). CONCLUSIONS: As long as vitamin D status is ensured, calcium intake levels of more than 800 mg/d may be unnecessary for maintaining calcium metabolism. Vitamin D supplements are necessary for adequate vitamin D status in northern climates. 
Peroxisome proliferators activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) regulates the transcription of several proteins involved in human lipoprotein metabolism. We screened the PPARA locus for polymorphisms in 20 unrelated subjects from each of three ethnic groups (Chinese, Malays and Asian Indians). Only the V227A polymorphism was observed. We genotyped 4248 subjects (2899 Chinese, 761 Malay and 588 Asian Indians) and found allele frequencies for the A227 allele of 0.04 in Chinese, 0.006 in Malays and 0.003 in Asian Indians. We examined the associations between this polymorphism and serum lipid concentrations in Chinese. In women, but not in men, the presence of the A227 allele was associated with lower serum concentrations of total cholesterol [5.38mmol/l (95%CI: 5.22-5.54) versus 5.21mmol/l (95%CI: 4.99-5.43), p=0.047] and triglycerides [1.19mmol/l (95%CI: 1.10-1.28) versus 1.09mmol/l (95%CI: 0.98-1.21), p=0.048]. We also found that the V227A polymorphism modulates the association between dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and serum high density lipoprotein concentration (p-value for interaction=0.049). Our findings implicate PPARalpha in the lipid lowering associated with diets high in PUFA and suggests that genetic variation at the PPARA locus may determine the lipid response to changes in PUFA intake.
Several case-control studies have reported possible associations between heterocyclic amine (HCA) intake and the risk of cancer. However, the validity of a questionnaire to assess HCA intake has hardly been examined. In particular, no biomarker which could serve as an independent measure of habitual HCA intake has been established. Therefore, the validity of a questionnaire to assess HCA intake by means of a biomarker remains to be investigated. In this study, we examined the availability of hair HCAs as a biochemical indicator of dietary intake of HCAs. Study subjects were 20 volunteers (7 men and 13 women) aged 25-57 years, either residents of Tokyo or the neighboring cities in Japan. We collected individual weighed dietary records (DR) over 28 consecutive days. Approximately 3-5 g of hair was collected twice from all subjects before and after DR at intervals of 1-3 months. The mean (S.D.) 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) level of hair was 1376.0 pg/g hair (928.9) and 16.6 ng/g melanin (12.3). A steady increase in the mean PhIP level in hair from the lowest to the highest tertile of the grilled/stir-fried meat intake was observed (P = 0.009), but not in the grilled/stir-fried fish intake (P = 0.461). The PhIP level in hair was highly correlated with the grilled/stir-fried meat intake (r = 0.68) but not with the grilled/stir-fried fish intake (r = 0.28). These observations were made of hair with and without melanin adjustment. The present study indicates that the PhIP level in hair can be used as a biological indicator of dietary intake of HCAs.
The effect of dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids on the expression of differentiation and proliferation markers in Morris 3924A hepatoma cells was investigated. ACT/I rats were conditioned 10 days with diets enriched with linoleic acid or alpha-linolenic acid before subcutaneous hepatoma cell transplantation. After 19 days from the inoculum, the mRNA levels of liver-enriched transcription factors and of their target genes were quantified. Both linoleic acid- and linolenic acid-enriched diets induced a decrease of beta-actin, AFP, PCNA, c-myc and of hepatocyte nuclear factors HNF-1alpha and HNF-4alpha mRNA levels in tumor tissue whereas HNF-3beta expression was induced by both dietary treatments. Only the alpha-linolenic acid-enriched diet was effective in reducing c-jun and increasing albumin mRNA levels. Since albumin is a C/EBPalpha target gene, C/EBPalpha gene transcription was evaluated at both protein and mRNA levels. It was found that alpha-linolenic acid-enriched diet did not enhance the C/EBPalpha mRNA content in hepatoma tissue while inducing C/EBPalpha protein expression with an isoform pattern similar to the hepatic phenotype. This evidence implies that alpha-linolenic acid or one of its metabolic products induce albumin synthesis in hepatoma cells by modulating C/EBPalpha gene expression at post-transcriptional level.
Vitamin E and probucol are well-known antioxidants that prevent cells from the oxidative stress, which is a risk factor of atherosclerosis. Male rabbits were fed either 0.03% vitamin E or 0.05% probucol in a 0.5% high-cholesterol (HC) diet for 8 weeks. Vitamin E and probucol significantly suppressed an increase in plasma total-cholesterol (total-C) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol compared to HC-control group. However, plasma high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) and HDL-C/total-C ratio levels and plasma paraoxonase activity were only significantly higher in vitamin E group after 8 weeks. Hepatic ACAT activity was significantly lower in both vitamin E and probucol groups than in HC-control group, while HMG-CoA reductase activity was the highest only in the probucol group. Total fecal sterol content was significantly higher in probucol and vitamin E groups than in the two control groups. Some atherogenic signs were discovered in the aortic fatty streak of HC-control group, yet not in other groups. Hepatic mRNA expressions of apo B-100 and apo C-III were significantly lower in probucol group than in other groups. Vitamin E supplementation was found to alter the plasma HDL-C-related factors; meanwhile, probucol supplementation was very effective in enhancing cholesterol metabolism, except for a negative effect that reduced plasma HDL-C concentration.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the independent contribution of individual socioeconomic markers and state prohibition policy on alcohol consumption among men and women in India. METHODS: The study used a multilevel cross-sectional analysis of alcohol consumption from the 1998-1999 Indian national family health survey of 301 984 adult individuals in 92 447 households in 3215 villages in 440 districts in 26 states, stratified by sex. FINDINGS: Men with no education were more likely to consume alcohol that those with a post graduate education (OR, 2.28; 95% CI, 2.08-2.50). Unlike men, women showed a U-shaped association between education and alcohol consumption. Men and women living in households at the lowest standard-of-living quintile were more likely to consume alcohol (OR, 1.92; 95% CI, 1.81-2.03, and OR, 2.72, 95% CI, 2.18-3.39), respectively, than those classified as living in the top quintile. Members of scheduled tribes and castes and other backward classes were more likely to consume alcohol than members of other caste groups. There was no difference in alcohol consumption between men from states that were not under prohibition (OR, 1.36; 95% CI 0.69-2.03) and those that were. By contrast, states not under prohibition has higher alcohol use by women (OR, 3.04, 95% CI, 1.59-4.48) than those under partial or complete prohibition. CONCLUSION: Caste, education and standard of living independently influence alcohol use in India. Prohibition policies appear to have little effect on alcohol use by men, but may reduce the proportion of women who consume alcohol. The socioeconomic patterning of health behaviours is likely to feed substantially into inequalities in health outcomes. Further investigation is required to understand how social and cultural factors in more localized contexts (e.g. districts) influence alcohol consumption. 
OBJECTIVE: Mediterranean diet is associated with decreased levels of inflammatory markers and metabolic risk factors in epidemiologic studies and recent trials on patients with metabolic syndrome. Given the recent improvements in medical treatments, it is unclear if such beneficial effects are also present in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD). We therefore investigated the effect of Mediterranean diet on markers of inflammation and metabolic risk factors in patients with treated CAD. DESIGN: Randomized, controlled trial. SUBJECTS: A total of 101 patients (59.4+/-8.6 years, 23% female) with established and treated CAD (80% statins). INTERVENTIONS: Participants were assigned to a Mediterranean diet group (MG; n=48) with a 1-year program of 100 h of education, or to a written advice-only group (AG; n=53). Before and after intervention, we measured serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), fibrinogen, fasting insulin, homocysteine, serum lipids and plasma fatty acids. RESULTS: The Mediterranean diet program increased the intakes of fish, fruits/vegetables and moderately of canola/olive oil and increased plasma concentrations of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the MG. Median hs-CRP and mean fibrinogen, homocysteine, fasting insulin, triglycerides and serum cholesterols remained unchanged in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Adoption of a Mediterranean diet by patients with medically treated CAD has no effect on markers of inflammation and metabolic risk factors. SPONSORSHIP: Alfried Krupp Foundation, Essen, Germany. 
A reduction in fat intake has been associated with decreased estrogen levels in dietary intervention studies. However, previous cross-sectional studies conducted mainly among Western populations did not find a positive association between fat intake and postmenopausal estrogen levels. This study examined the cross-sectional association of fat intake with serum levels of estrone, estradiol, testosterone, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) in women. Study subjects were 324 healthy postmenopausal Japanese women. Diet including fat intake was assessed by a validated semiquantitative FFQ. After controlling for age and other potential breast cancer risk factors, serum estrone was positively associated with the percentage of energy from total fat (P = 0.04). The associations of serum estrone with monounsaturated fat and polyunsaturated fat were of borderline significance (P = 0.05). Serum DHEAS was positively associated with the percentage of energy from total fat (P = 0.007), saturated fat (P = 0.009), monounsaturated fat (P = 0.006), and polyunsaturated fat (P = 0.04). Serum estrone and DHEAS concentrations increased 11.8 and 9.3%, respectively, with a 5% increase in the percentage of energy from total fat. These data suggest that a high intake of fat is associated with higher serum levels of estrone and DHEAS in postmenopausal women.
To determine whether APOC3 and APOA4 genotypes influence plasma cholesterol fluctuations following a high cholesterol diet, a healthy population of 40 men and 51 women were studied. The crossover intervention randomly assigned participants to an EGG (640 mg/d cholesterol) or placebo (0 mg/d cholesterol) diet for 30 days, with a 3-week washout between periods. Allele-specific oligonucleotide hybridization was utilized to determine the presence or absence of APOC3 and APOA4 polymorphisms. Differences in plasma cholesterol between hyper- and hypo-responders were not influenced by genotype. However, an interaction (P < 0.0001) did exist between APOA4 allele, diet and gender with regard to triglycerides (TG). While female carriers of the APOA4(347) S allele had lower TG concentrations than those with the common T/T allele, males with the S allele had higher concentrations. The APOC3 SstI polymorphism analysis revealed that heterozygous carriers of the S2 allele had higher (P < 0.05) plasma apo C-III and TG concentrations, regardless of gender or dietary period. In addition, carriers of the S2 allele had smaller LDL peak particle diameter than those having the common APOC3 genotype. The presence of individual alleles in this population was associated with differences in plasma lipids and LDL size. However, these relationships were independent of dietary cholesterol.
OBJECTIVE: To validate the Italian version of two questionnaires for lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), i.e. the long (LF) and the short form (SF) of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire (ICIQ). METHODS: Two native Italian speakers and a native English speaker collaborated with clinical investigators through a multistep process to obtain a consensus version of the questionnaires. The resulting Italian versions were then pre-tested during a pilot study on 16 women for the LF and 10 for the SF. The final versions of the ICIQ-LF and ICIQ-SF were administered to two samples of consecutive female patients, aged > or = 18 years, who had been having LUTS for > or = 3 months, with respectively 82 and 50 women. Internal consistency and test-retest reliability were then assessed; to evaluate the latter, a subset of patients (25 for the ICIQ-LF and 42 for ICIQ-SF) was re-rated. To test the capacity of the questionnaires to discriminate women with or without LUTS (respectively cases and controls), a sample of healthy women was also enrolled and assessed. RESULTS: Both scales showed good psychometric properties overall. The correlation coefficient between ratings was > 0.75 in both questionnaires, and the discriminant power between cases and controls was confirmed for both scales. The ICIQ-SF showed good internal consistency for the total score (Cronbach's alpha 0.90). The sections of the ICIQ-LF 'impact of incontinence on everyday life', 'emotional aspects', 'urinary symptoms' and the degree of bother seemed to be internally consistent (Cronbach's alpha > 0.70); there was a weak relationship for items related to 'sexual matters' (Cronbach's alpha 0.38). CONCLUSION: The Italian version of both questionnaires is a valid and robust instrument which can now be used reliably both in daily practice and in clinical research. 
Epidemiologic studies show a dose-response relationship between cigarettes per day and health outcomes such as heart and lung disease, and health outcomes are related to some biomarkers of tobacco exposure. The objective of this study was to examine the relationships between cigarettes per day and levels of selected biomarkers of tobacco toxin exposure: carbon monoxide (CO), metabolites of the tobacco-specific carcinogen 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons [total 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanol (NNAL) and 1-hydroxypyrene (1-HOP), respectively], and total cotinine (cotinine plus cotinine-N-glucuronide). We did a cross-sectional analysis of merged data from (a) two clinical trials and (b) two cohorts of light smokers (total n = 400). The mean age of participants was 50.4 years and the range of cigarette consumption was 1 to 100/d; however, few subjects smoked >45 cigarettes/d (n = 12). Results show that levels of the biomarkers CO, total NNAL, and total cotinine increase with an increase in the number of cigarettes smoked per day, but not in a linear fashion. 1-HOP is a less discriminating biomarker as levels are relatively stable regardless of the number of cigarettes smoked per day. There is considerable variability in toxin measurement, especially at high levels of smoking. There was a significant correlation between cigarettes per day and total NNAL, 1-HOP, total cotinine, and CO. Total NNAL was highly significantly correlated with total cotinine and CO and also significantly correlated with 1-HOP. These findings suggest that the number of cigarettes smoked per day is not necessarily a reliable measure of toxin exposure and may underestimate tobacco toxin exposure at low levels of smoking or overestimate exposure at high levels of smoking.
To further investigate the effect of dietary vitamin A (VA) intake on milk VA concentrations and pup VA status, female rats were fed 2 concentrations of VA [0 (n = 9) or 50 micromol/kg diet (n = 10)] during pregnancy and lactation. Plasma retinol concentrations were significantly higher (30-40%) during lactation than before pregnancy or after weaning but were not influenced by dietary VA. In rats fed VA, VA concentrations during lactation were significantly higher in milk (1.5-3 times), mammary tissue (>100%), liver (4 times), pup plasma (20-40%), and pup liver (1.1-6.7 times). In Expt. 2, when VA intake was switched on d 7 of lactation from 0 to 50 micromol/kg, milk VA concentrations (2.24 +/- 0.42 micromol/L; mean +/- SD, n = 6) increased significantly (1.7 times) by d 9 to the same level as in rats administered 50 micromol/kg (6.04 +/- 0.60 micromol/L; n = 6). When VA was removed from the diet on d 7, concentrations declined significantly (by 50%) and by d 11 were the same as those in rats given 0 micromol/kg. We conclude that the rapid effect of changes in dietary VA intake are attributable to changes in the delivery of chylomicron VA to mammary tissue and milk.
BACKGROUND: Elevated serum total homocysteine (tHcy) concentration is implicated in the etiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD). A significant food source of B-vitamins involved in homocysteine metabolism is ready-to-eat cereal (RTEC) in the U.S. OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that tHcy concentration is inversely associated with RTEC intake and blood B-vitamin levels in the U.S. general population. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES 1999-2000). Data were stratified according to age and gender. Men and women > or = 19 y (n = 4,218) were classified as RTEC consumers (RTEC-C; n = 824) and RTEC non-consumers (RTEC-NC; n = 3,394) based on 24-hr dietary recall. RESULTS: Forty nine percent of participants showed folate intake with below the estimated average requirements (EARS). Serum folate and red blood cell (RBC) folate concentrations were increased with age in both genders, and significantly higher among RTEC-C than RTEC-NC (p < 0.05). Mean tHcy concentration increased with age, and was significantly lower among both men and women RTEC-C than among RTEC-NC. In multivariate linear regression analyses, RTEC consumption strongly predicted serum folate and tHcy concentrations. CONCLUSION: tHcy concentrations were significantly lower in RTEC-C among the majority of age/gender groups than in RTEC-NC. RTEC consumption may potentially reduce the risk for CVD, mediated through tHcy. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: In a cross-sectional study, we investigated the relationship between erythrocyte membrane phospholipid fatty acid composition and dietary fat; we also investigated roles of menopausal status, age, body mass index (BMI) and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) in interindividual variation of the biomarker. METHODS: Study participants were 204 women, aged 39-65 years, drawn from the ORDET cohort and selected as controls in a study of breast cancer. Membrane composition was assessed using capillary gas chromatography. Dietary fat composition was evaluated using a food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: In pre- and postmenopausal women, erythrocyte membrane phospholipid levels of linoleic acid, oleic acid, and mono-unsaturated fatty acids were significantly associated with corresponding dietary measures (partial correlation coefficients: 0.23 and 0.39; 0.45 and 0.47; 0.40 and 0.48; respectively, in pre- and postmenopausal women). Among postmenopausal women, membrane poly-unsaturated fatty acids were correlated with the corresponding dietary measure (r=0.39, p<0.001). Membrane eicosapentanoic and docosahexanoic acid levels were significantly correlated with intake of fish/shell fish : r=0.21 and r=0.43 (premenopausal), and r=0.41 and r=0.44 (postmenopausal). Age, BMI and WHR had independent effects on membrane lipid composition. Age was associated with delta-6 desaturase activity in postmenopausal women (r=0.25, p<0.05). BMI was negatively associated with delta-9 desaturase activity in both pre- and postmenopausal women (r=-0.29, p=0.01 and r=-0.22, p<0.01, respectively). WHR was negatively associated with delta-5 desaturase activity in pre-menopausal women (r=-024, p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Erythrocyte membrane levels of some specific fatty acids can be used as biomarkers of these fatty acids as proportions of dietary fat. 
To study the effects of the intake of green tea and polyphenols, which are a component of green tea, on insulin resistance and systemic inflammation, a randomized controlled trial was conducted on 66 patients aged 32-73 y (53 males and 13 females) with borderline diabetes or diabetes. Subjects in the intervention group were asked to take a packet of green tea extracts/powder containing 544 mg polyphenols (456 mg catechins) daily, which was a dose that could be taken without difficulty, and were asked to divide the green tea extracts/powder in a packet into 3 or 4 fractions dissolved in hot water everyday and to take a fraction after every meal or snack for 2 mo, in addition to daily food intake. The subjects in the control group were simply followed. To calculate the level of green tea polyphenol intake that the subject usually drank at home, the subject was asked to taste 3 teas of different strengths (1, 2 and 3%) and the tea that was closest to the one that the subject drank at home, was selected by each subject. After 2 mo, the mean daily polyphenol intake in the intervention group was 747 mg, which was significantly higher than that of 469 mg in the control group. In the intervention group, the body weight, BMI, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, blood glucose level, Hb A1c level, insulin level and HOMA index after taking the supplementation for 2 mo, were lower than the respective value before intervention: however, these parameters in the intervention group at 2 mo did not significantly differ from those in the control group. Within the intervention group, changes in insulin level tended to be associated with changes in polyphenol intake. In addition, changes in BMI were associated with changes in blood glucose level and insulin level. In conclusion, the daily supplementary intake of 500 mg green tea polyphenols did not have clear effects on blood glucose level, Hb A1c level, insulin resistance or inflammation markers. The positive correlation between the level of polyphenol intake and insulin level warrants further studies on the effect of green tea on insulin resistance.
Sphinganine concentration (Sa) and sphinganine to sphingosine ratio (Sa/So) are sensitive biomarkers of fumonisin B1 (FB1) exposure in animals and have been proposed to reveal FB1 exposure in humans. They correlate with liver and kidney toxicity and often precede signs of toxicity. However, the use of Sa and Sa/So is confusing during chronic exposure. Indeed, some authors report altered sphingolipids metabolism, whereas others fail to demonstrate significant effect. The aim of this study was to investigate the kinetics of Sa and Sa/So in the serum of ducks over a 77-day exposure to 0, 2, 8, 32 and 128 mg FB1/kg feeds. Serum biochemistry was also investigated to reveal hepatotoxicity. The results obtained indicate that the kinetics of sphingolipids and serum biochemistry are closely linked with the duration of the exposure. After a strong and rapid increase Sa and Sa/So decrease then stabilize. The lowest investigated dose able to determine a detectable effect is 2 mg/kg feeds, the Sa/So ratio being the most sensitive biomarker of FB1 exposure.
BACKGROUND: <6% of patients who undergo Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGBP) for morbid obesity require nutritional support after surgery. Protein and caloric needs have been estimated as 14-21 kcal, 1.2 g protein/kg/current body weight/day in uncomplicated morbidly obese patients. This study assesses the effect of varying protein-calorie intake in complicated patients after RYGBP on two markers of protein status: thyroxine-binding prealbumin (TBPA) and serum albumin. METHODS: This 25-month retrospective study consisted of 22 patients with postoperative complications. Serum albumin, TBPA, medical nutrition care-plans, laboratory data and history were reviewed. These post-RYGBP patients who had BMI>35 and no multi-system organ failure or fistulas, had complications after surgery requiring nutrition support services (NSS). Serum albumin and TBPA were matched to fed levels of protein using random coefficient regression analysis. RESULTS: Mean incremental increases of 2.34 mg/dl (TBPA, P=0.0113) and 0.11 g/dl (serum albumin, P=0.0272) were found with each 0.5 g protein intake increase/kg ideal body weight/day (kg/IBW/day). Patients required NSS for 23+/-21 (mean+/-SD) days, with 15+/-19 days fed at goal rate. Initial serum albumin was 2.3+/-0.5, with a final measure of 2.7+/-0.5 g/dl. Goal protein and calorie intake were 2.1 g and 17 kcal/kg IBW/day versus actual intake of 1.6 g and 13 kcal/kg IBW/day. CONCLUSION: Morbidly obese patients requiring NSS following RYGBP risk iatrogenic protein malnutrition. There was a positive linear relationship between protein status and protein intake that warrants further study of higher protein feeding in complicated post-RYGBP patients. 
The literature contains reports of the relationship between the fluoride concentrations in drinking water and human plasma. None of these studies, however, documented individual levels of daily fluoride intake, which can vary considerably among individuals served by the same water supply. Furthermore, while water can be an important source of fluoride, other sources, especially fluoridated dentifrices, also contribute substantially. This 2-day study with five 25-35-year-old subjects in each of three communities (Bauru, 0.6-0.8 ppm F; Domelia, 0.7 ppm F; Floresta, 0.3 ppm F) determined plasma fluoride concentrations and fluoride intake from diet and the use of dentifrice which, together, approximate total daily fluoride intake. The purposes were to determine: (1) the extent to which plasma fluoride concentrations approached levels known to affect the quality and quantity of bone; (2) the relationship between fluoride intake and plasma concentrations. Plasma was collected at 4-h intervals starting at 0800 h and ending at 2000 h each day. Average fluoride intakes from diet and the use of dentifrice in the three communities ranged from 0.16 to 0.82 mg/day and from 0.29 to 3.16 mg/day, respectively. The overall average plasma concentrations in the three communities were 0.44, 0.45 and 0.54 micromol/l (P<0.005). They were directly related to intake from the use of dentifrice (P=0.030) and to total intake (P=0.033), but were not related to dietary intake (P=0.176). In conclusion, despite fluoride intake from various sources, the plasma fluoride concentrations of the study subjects remained at levels far below those associated with effects on bone production.
OBJECTIVES: (1) To help identify patients with poor adherence and (2) to identify potential reasons that impede or facilitate adherence. METHODS: Seventeen patients who used antihypertensive drugs participated in semi-standardized interviews. Interviews were recorded and reviewed by two investigators. Forty-four items were selected. An exploratory factor analysis was performed. Convergent validity was assessed by evaluating the association between sum scores on the identified subscales and three other adherence measures: (1) the Brief Medication Questionnaire (BMQ), (2) pharmacy refill records and (3) electronic monitoring. Regression analysis was used to evaluate the magnitude of associations. RESULTS: Two hundred and fifty-five (90%) patients completed the questionnaire. Factor analysis resulted in a four-factor solution, explaining 30% of cumulative variance among respondents. The factors (scales) were labeled: positive attitude towards health care and medication (I), lack of discipline (II), aversion towards medication (III) and active coping with health problems (IV). Chronbach's alpha coefficient was 0.75, 0.80, 0.63 and 0.76 for scales I, II, III and IV, respectively. Convergent validity was partly supported by statistically significant associations that were found between sum scores of subscales 1 and II and the BMQ and electronic monitoring, respectively. CONCLUSION: The MUAH-questionnaire has excellent psychometric properties and may be useful to identify factors that impede or facilitate adherence. However, it is not clear to what extent the questionnaire measures actual adherence. PRACTICE IMPLICATIONS: Validation of the MUAH-questionnaire in other studies is needed. 
The present study is the first to examine the hypothesis that dietary supplementation with beta-casein A1 promotes an increased risk relative to supplementation with beta-casein A2 in patients traditionally at high risk of developing CVD. The study was conducted in fifteen asymptomatic participants (six male; nine female) at high risk of developing CVD. A double-blind cross-over study design was used with a total duration of 24 weeks. Dietary intervention was a daily supplementation (25 g) of either casein A1 or A2 (for 12 weeks each). Surrogate measures of cardioprotection studied included the examination of vascular (endothelium and arterial) function, resting blood pressure, plasma lipids and biochemical markers of inflammation. Total plasma cholesterol levels were significantly lower following 12 weeks of both casein A1 and A2 interventions but the decrease was not different between intervention. Plasma insulin, homocysteine, C-reactive protein, fibrinogen, protein C and S and von Willebrand factor levels were not different between the two casein supplements. Endothelium function, measured as a vascular response using venous occlusion plethysmography to intra-arterial infusions of the endothelium-dependent agonist acetylcholine, were not different between the two casein interventions. Similarly, neither blood pressure nor measures of large artery stiffness were affected by differing the casein variant. We therefore conclude that there is no evidence from the present study that supplementation with casein A1 has any cardiovascular health disadvantage over consumption of casein A2.
OBJECTIVE: The objective of the present study was to verify the effect of a dietary oil, consisting mainly of diacylglycerol (DAG) oil, in a typical meal on postprandial changes in serum triacylglycerol (TAG) and remnant-like particle cholesterol (RLP-C) compared with dietary triacylglycerol (TAG) oil. METHODS: In a double-blind, randomized, crossover design, 43 healthy Japanese men and women ingested test meals (2093 kJ of energy, 30 g of protein, 19 g of lipids, and 51 g of carbohydrates) containing 10 g of DAG oil (DAG meal) or TAG oil (TAG meal). Blood samples were collected in a fasting state (0 h) and at 2, 3, 4, and 6 h after ingestion of the meal. RESULTS: Postprandial TAG, RLP-C, and chylomicron TAG concentrations were significantly lower after the DAG meal compared with the TAG meal. In 29 subjects with fasting serum TAG levels of at least 1.13 mmol/L (100 mg/dL), differences in postprandial serum changes between meal types were even more remarkable and the incremental areas under the response curve (0 to 6 h) for serum TAG and RLP-C concentrations after the DAG meal were significantly smaller than those after the TAG meal. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that DAG oil in the daily diet is useful for the prevention of postprandial hyperlipidemia and related disorders. 
BACKGROUND: Few data exist on longitudinal changes in bone calcium turnover rates across pregnancy and lactation. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to characterize calcium kinetic variables and predictors of these changes across pregnancy and early lactation in women with low calcium intakes. DESIGN: Stable calcium isotopes were administered to 10 Brazilian women during early pregnancy (EP; weeks 10-12 of gestation), late pregnancy (LP; weeks 34-36 of gestation), and early lactation (EL; 7-8 wk postpartum). Multicompartmental modeling was used to assess the rates of bone calcium turnover in relation to calcium intakes and circulating concentrations of parathyroid hormone (PTH), insulin-like growth factor 1, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D. RESULTS: Rates of bone calcium deposition increased significantly from EP to LP (P = 0.001) and were significantly associated with serum PTH during LP (P < or = 0.01). Rates of bone calcium resorption were also higher during LP and EL than during EP (P < or = 0.01) and were associated with both PTH (P < or = 0.01) and IGF-1 (P < or = 0.05) during LP but not during EL. Net balance in bone calcium turnover was positively associated with dietary calcium during EP (P < or = 0.01), LP (P < or = 0.01), and EL (P < or = 0.01). The mean (+/-SD) calcium intake was 463 +/- 182 mg/d and, in combination with insulin-like growth factor 1, explained 68-94% of the variability in net bone calcium balance during pregnancy and lactation. CONCLUSIONS: Net deficits in bone calcium balance occurred during pregnancy and lactation. Increased dietary calcium intake was associated with improved calcium balance; therefore, greater calcium intakes may minimize bone loss across pregnancy and lactation in women with habitual intakes of <500 mg calcium/d. 
What is the role of urodynamic assessments and have we made too much use of them? Is there a correlation between symptoms and underlying pathophysiology? These questions are addressed in this article. There are disparities in the assessment of lower urinary tract dysfunction between the accuracy of symptomatic assessment and the underlying pathophysiology. This is particularly evident with voiding symptoms, in contrast to storage symptoms, and has fuelled the debates that have resulted in the abandonment of the term 'prostatism' in favor of 'lower urinary tract symptoms', whereas the term 'overactive bladder syndrome' has been embraced as a storage symptom complex. Clearly, voiding disorders principally affect men, whilst storage disorders are more common in women. Much has been written and spoken about regarding the use of symptomatic assessment versus urodynamics in the assessment of lower urinary tract symptoms in men, whilst there has been a clearer consensus on the potential usefulness of urodynamics in the assessment of storage disorders, and so this article focuses principally on the latter topic.
Subclinical inflammation is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms underlying increased levels of inflammatory markers and their changes in response to weight loss are not fully understood yet. It has been proposed that elevated concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP) are mediated by cytokines produced in adipose tissue. We investigated the changes in circulating CRP after weight reduction, in relation to parameters relevant to the metabolic syndrome. Forty 25- to 35-year-old obese female volunteers participated in an intervention program of dietary education and supervised physical activity for a period of 9 weeks. Anthropological parameters and biochemical measurements (high-sensitivity CRP [hsCRP], plasma lipoproteins, interleukin 6 [IL-6], adiponectin) were analyzed before and after the intervention. Body mass index decreased by more than 7% from 31.5 +/- 4.1 to 29.1 +/- 3.9. Plasma free fatty acid (FFA) concentrations decreased by 30%, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased by 8%, and fasting insulin concentrations decreased by 15%. There were no significant changes in either low-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triacylglycerol concentrations. Subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue mass decreased by 12% and 18%. High-sensitivity CRP concentrations decreased by 30%; however, mean plasma IL-6 and adiponectin concentrations remained unchanged. In linear regression analysis, the changes in plasma hsCRP concentrations were associated with baseline hsCRP concentration, change in triacylglycerols and FFA concentrations, and in waist circumference. The decrease in hsCRP concentration after weight reduction does not appear to be mediated by decreases in circulating IL-6 or adiponectin concentrations; however, change in hsCRP concentration is related to changes in waist circumference and lipid metabolism, reflected by plasma triacylglycerol and FFA levels.
The benchmark dose (BMD) is defined as the dose that corresponds to a specific change in an adverse response compared to the response in unexposed subjects, and the lower 95% confidence limit is termed the benchmark dose level (BMDL). In this study, the threshold of daily ethanol intake affecting blood pressure was calculated by both the BMD approach and multiple logistic regression analysis to clarify the relation between the BMDL and no-observed-adverse-effect level (NOAEL). Systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP) and daily ethanol intake were explored in 1,100 Japanese salesmen. The SBP and DBP were positively related to daily ethanol intake (p < 0.001) when adjusting for possible confounders such as age, body mass index, and smoking status. The adjusted risk for hypertension (SBP >or= 140 mmHg or DBP >or= 90 mmHg) increased significantly when daily ethanol intake exceeded 60 g/day, and the categorical dose of interest was 60.1-90 g/day. The BMDL and BMD of ethanol intake for increased SBP and DBP were estimated to be approximately 60 and 75 g/day, respectively. These findings suggest that the BMDL and BMD correspond to the NOAEL and lowest-observed-adverse-effect level, respectively, if the sample number of clinical data is large enough to confirm the dose-response association.
A reduced protein diet (RPD) is known to increase the level of intramuscular lipid in pig meat with a smaller effect on the amount of subcutaneous adipose tissue. This might be due to tissue-specific activation of the expression of lipogenic enzymes by the RPD. The present study investigated the effect of a RPD, containing palm kernel oil, soyabean oil or palm oil on the activity and expression of one of the major lipogenic enzymes, stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) and on the level of total lipids and the fatty acid composition of muscle and subcutaneous adipose tissue in pigs. The RPD significantly increased SCD protein expression and activity in muscle but not in subcutaneous adipose tissue. The level of MUFA and total fatty acids in muscle was also elevated when the RPD was fed, with only small changes in subcutaneous adipose tissue. A positive significant correlation between SCD protein expression and total fatty acids in muscle was found. The results suggest that an increase in intramuscular but not subcutaneous adipose tissue fatty acids under the influence of a RPD is related to tissue-specific activation of SCD expression. It is suggested that the SCD isoform spectra in pig subcutaneous adipose tissue and muscle might be different.
BACKGROUND: It has been suggested that a high dietary intake and high circulating concentrations of vitamin C may protect against ischemic heart disease. OBJECTIVES: The objective was to examine the associations between dietary and plasma vitamin C concentrations, fruit and vegetable intakes, and markers of inflammation and hemostasis associated with cardiovascular disease in older men free of cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: This cross-sectional study examined 3258 men aged 60-79 y with no physician diagnosis of myocardial infarction, stroke, or diabetes and who were drawn from general practices in 24 British towns. Fruit and vegetable intakes and dietary vitamin C were assessed by using a food-frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Plasma vitamin C, fruit intake, and dietary vitamin C intake were significantly and inversely associated with mean concentrations of C-reactive protein, an acute phase reactant, and tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) antigen, a marker of endothelial dysfunction, even after adjustment for confounders. Vegetable intake was correlated significantly (inversely) only with t-PA. For plasma vitamin C (highest versus lowest quartile), the adjusted odds of elevated C-reactive protein and t-PA (highest tertile versus lowest tertile) were 0.56 (95% CI: 0.44, 0.71) and 0.79 (0.62, 1.00); for fruit intake, the corresponding odds ratios were 0.76 (0.60, 0.95) and 0.76 (0.61, 0.95). Plasma (but not dietary) vitamin C also showed inverse associations with both fibrinogen concentrations and blood viscosity. No associations were seen with von Willebrand factor or factor VIII. CONCLUSION: The findings suggest that vitamin C has antiinflammatory effects and is associated with lower endothelial dysfunction in men with no history of cardiovascular disease or diabetes. 
Vegetables and fruits are rich in carotenoids, a group of compounds thought to protect against cancer. Studies of diet-disease associations need valid and reliable instruments for measuring dietary intake. The authors present a measurement error model to estimate the validity (defined as correlation between self-reported intake and "true" intake), systematic error, and reliability of two self-report dietary assessment methods. Carotenoid exposure is measured by repeated 24-hour recalls, a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), and a plasma marker. The model is applied to 1,013 participants assigned between 1995 and 2000 to the nonintervention arm of the Women's Healthy Eating and Living Study, a randomized trial assessing the impact of a low-fat, high-vegetable/fruit/fiber diet on preventing new breast cancer events. Diagnostics including graphs are used to assess the goodness of fit. The validity of the instruments was 0.44 for the 24-hour recalls and 0.39 for the FFQ. Systematic error accounted for over 22% and 50% of measurement error variance for the 24-hour recalls and FFQ, respectively. The use of either self-report method alone in diet-disease studies could lead to substantial bias and error. Multiple methods of dietary assessment may provide more accurate estimates of true dietary intake.
Tissue transglutaminase (tTG) autoantibodies decline after gluten-free diet in patients with coeliac disease. We tested the hypothesis that gluten-free diet-induced change in tTG autoantibody levels affects subsets of peripheral blood lymphocytes. Peripheral blood was obtained from 20 children with biopsy-proven active coeliac disease. Gluten-free diet was initiated and the children examined again after three and six months. tTG autoantibodies were measured in radioligand binding assays and lymphocyte subsets by flow cytometry. IgA-tTG levels at diagnosis, 2204 U/ml (median, range 113-24990), were reduced over six months to 76 U/ml (median, range 1-1261) (P < 0.001). At six months, 12/20 (60%) children had reduced their IgA-tTG levels to < 100 U/ml and these children showed a decrease in B cells (mean change -3.8%, P = 0.014), CD4+ T cells (mean -4.32%, P = 0.011) and CD4+ T cells expressing CD25high (mean change -0.62%, P = 0.036). In contrast, the CD4+CD25(high)CCR4+ T cell population increased during the same period (mean change 11.5%, P = 0.0036). The decline in IgA-tTG levels correlated to the decrease in B cells (r = 0.56, P = 0.01), CD4+ T cells (r = 0.66, P = 0.004) as well as CD4+CD25high T cells (r = 0.59, P = 0.01). A negative correlation was found between the decline in IgA-tTG and CD4+CD25high T cells expressing CD45RO (r = -0.49, P = 0.03) and CCR4 (r = -0.54, P = 0.01). This is the first observational study on the effect of gluten-free diet on concurrent changes of tTG autoantibodies and specific peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets. Our data suggest that flow cytometry may be a useful complement to tTG autoantibodies when studying the effects of gluten-free diet in children with coeliac disease.
Multiple indices to assess insulin sensitivity calculated from mathematical equations based on fasting blood parameters or oral glucose tolerance data have been developed. Although these indices have frequently been validated using euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp data, the utility of each equation in measuring change in insulin sensitivity over time remains uncertain. We examined change in insulin sensitivity in response to a 12-week diet and exercise intervention in 31 older men and women with impaired glucose tolerance using a euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp and 10 commonly used insulin sensitivity equations. Mean glucose disposal as calculated from clamp data was significantly higher after the intervention compared with baseline (5.92 +/- 0.38 vs 5.18 +/- 0.30 mg . kg fat free mass(-1) . min(-1), P = .013). In contrast, none of the examined indices indicated a significant change in insulin sensitivity over time (all P > .3). A limits of agreement approach to compare insulin sensitivity calculated from each equation with the measure of glucose disposal from the clamp indicated overall imperfect agreement between measures (agreement limits ranged from +/-2.48 to +/-4.23 mg . kg fat free mass(-1) . min(-1)) despite significant bivariate correlations between indices and clamp data. The wide variability in the 95% prediction limits of agreement among equations suggests that these equations vary substantially from a euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp in their ability to assess insulin sensitivity. Despite the observed limited agreement using this statistical approach, changes in several calculated indices were significantly correlated with changes in clamp data, suggesting that these indices may have some utility in tracking improvements in insulin sensitivity. Further research is necessary to examine agreement between indices and clamp data in larger, more heterogeneous populations and in response to other interventions where the magnitude of change in insulin sensitivity may be larger.
The present study investigated the dietary effect of conjugated linolenic acid (CLnA) on lipid profiles and lipid peroxidations in alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus in rats. Diabetic rats were fed with 20% sunflower oil (diabetic control), sunflower oil supplemented with 0.5% CLnA, sunflower oil supplemented with 0.15% alpha-tocopherol, and sunflower oil containing 0.25% CLnA + 0.15% alpha-tocopherol. The results demonstrated that 0.5% CLnA, 0.15% alpha-tocopherol, and 0.25% CLnA + 0.15% alpha-tocopherol each on supplementation significantly lowered total cholesterol and non-HDL-cholesterol in comparison with the diabetic control group. The TAG level was significantly lowered in both the 0.15% alpha-tocopherol and 0.25% CLnA + 0.15% alpha-tocopherol groups. LDL-lipid peroxidation and erythrocyte membrane lipid peroxidation were reduced significantly in each of the experimental groups vs. the control group. The CLnA + alpha-tocopherol diet induced a greater reduction in membrane lipid and liver lipid peroxidation than the alpha-tocopherol diet alone. In conclusion, dietary CLnA exerts antioxidant activity as evidenced by reduced lipid peroxidation in chemically induced diabetes mellitus.
The aim of this study was to assess the influence of regular daily consumption of white wine on oxidative stress and cardiovascular risk markers. Forty-two healthy male volunteers consumed 375 ml of white wine daily. Each participant provided three venous blood samples (before wine consumption, following the wine consumption period and again a month later). Levels of superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione, total antioxidant capacity, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein A I, apolipoprotein B, triglycerides, paraoxonase 1, C-reactive protein, homocysteine, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) were measured. Immediately following the month of white wine consumption there was a significant increase in HDL-cholesterol (p<0.0001), paraoxonase 1 (p<0.001), glutathione peroxidase (p<0.001) and reduced glutathione (p<0.01) levels, a decrease in superoxide dismutase activities (p<0.0001), and a decrease in oxidation protein products (p<0.001) and TBARS (p<0.05) concentrations. However, there was also a clear increase in homocysteine (p<0.0001) after a month of white wine consumption. The results of our non-placebo controlled trial suggest that regular daily white wine consumption is associated not only with both antioxidative and antiatherogenic effects but also with a potentially proatherogenic increase of homocysteine concentrations.
The aim of the present study was to test the hypothesis that maternal intake of antioxidant vitamins is associated with maternal and cord plasma levels at delivery. Women were recruited in early pregnancy in Aberdeen Maternity Hospital and habitual diet during pregnancy was assessed by a food-frequency questionnaire mailed at 34 weeks gestation. Blood samples were taken at recruitment (n 1149) and maternal (n 1149) and cord blood samples (n 747) taken at delivery for analyses of vitamins A, C, E and beta-carotene. Maternal plasma levels of vitamin E and beta-carotene at delivery were significantly higher than levels in early pregnancy while levels of vitamins A and C were significantly lower. Positive correlations were observed for maternal levels of all the vitamins between early pregnancy and delivery. At delivery, maternal plasma concentrations of vitamins A, E and beta-carotene were significantly higher than cord levels, while maternal levels of vitamin C were significantly lower. There were significant correlations between maternal and cord plasma concentrations for beta-carotene and vitamin C but not for vitamins A or E. Maternal dietary intakes were positively correlated with maternal plasma levels of vitamins C, E and beta-carotene in early pregnancy, with maternal plasma levels of beta-carotene and vitamin C at delivery and with cord plasma levels of beta-carotene and vitamin C. The results from the present study show that, in this population, maternal diet influences cord plasma levels of beta-carotene and vitamin C, but not vitamins A and E.
BACKGROUND: Mild deficiencies and excesses of iodine have deleterious effects in both females and males. The iodine status of the population after implementation of the universal salt iodization program in Sri Lanka is not known. OBJECTIVE: This cross-sectional study was carried out to assess the iodine status of pregnant women and female adolescents, with urinary iodine concentration used as the measure of outcome. METHODS: The participants were 100 women in the first trimester of pregnancy and 99 female adolescents in Kuliyapitiya, Kurunegala District, North-Western Province, Sri Lanka. The urinary iodine concentration was measured in a casual urine sample from each subject. The iodate contents of salt samples collected from households of the adolescents participating in the study were also measured. RESULTS: The median urinary iodine concentration of 185.0 microg/L and the prevalence of values under 50 microg/L of only 1% among the pregnant women indicate adequate iodine intake and optimal iodine nutrition. The median urinary iodine concentration (213.1 microg/L) among female adolescents indicates a more than adequate iodine intake and a risk of iodine-induced hyperthyroidism. Approximately 8% and 4% of the adolescents and pregnant women, respectively, had urinary iodine concentrations in the range of mild iodine deficiency (51 to 100 microg/L). More than half of the adolescents (56%) and 39% of the pregnant women had urinary iodine concentrations higher than optimal. The median iodine content in salt samples was 12.7 ppm. Only 20.2% of the samples were adequately iodized, and 10.1% of the samples had very high iodine levels. CONCLUSIONS: Female adolescents and pregnant women had no iodine deficiency, but a considerable proportion of them, especially female adolescents, were at risk for iodine-induced hyperthyroidism. There is thus a need for proper monitoring of the salt iodization program to achieve acceptable iodine status. 
BACKGROUND: The effect of dietary carbohydrate on blood lipids has received considerable attention in light of the current trend in lowering carbohydrate intake for weight loss. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the association between carbohydrate intake and serum lipids. METHODS: Blood samples and 24-hour dietary and physical activity recall interviews were obtained from each subject at quarterly intervals for five consecutive quarters between 1994 and 1998 from 574 healthy adults in Central Massachusetts. Relationships between serum lipids and dietary carbohydrate factors were assessed using linear mixed models and adjusting for other risk factors known to be related to blood lipids. Both cross-sectional and longitudinal results were reported. RESULTS: Cross-sectional analysis results from this study suggest that higher total carbohydrate intake, percentage of calories from carbohydrate, glycemic index (GI) and/or glycemic load (GL) are related to lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and higher serum triacylglycerol levels, while higher total carbohydrate intake and/or GL are related to lower total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. In a one-year longitudinal analysis, GL was positively associated with total and LDL-C levels, and there was an inverse association between percentage of calories from carbohydrate and HDL-C levels. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that there is a complex and predominantly unfavorable effect of increased intake of highly processed carbohydrate on lipid profile, which may have implications for metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and coronary heart disease. Further studies in the form of randomized controlled trials are required to investigate these associations and determine the implications for lipid management. 
Biologic aging is accelerated by high-calorie intake, increased free radical production, and oxidation of key biomolecules. Fischer 344 rats that are maintained on an ad libitum diet develop oxidant injury and age-associated glomerulosclerosis by 24 mo. Calorie restriction prevents both oxidant injury and glomerulosclerosis. Ceruloplasmin (Cp) is a copper-containing ferroxidase that functions as an antioxidant in part by oxidizing toxic ferrous iron to nontoxic ferric iron. Glomerular Cp mRNA and protein expression were measured in ad libitum-fed and calorie-restricted rats at ages 2, 6, 17, and 24 mo. In ad libitum-fed rats, Cp mRNA expression increased six-fold (P < 0.01) and protein expression increased five-fold (P = 0.01) between 2 and 24 mo of age. In calorie-restricted rats, Cp mRNA expression increased three-fold (P < 0.01) and protein expression increased 1.6-fold (NS) between 2 and 24 mo of age. Both the cell-associated alternately spliced variant and secreted variants of Cp were expressed. Immunofluorescent analysis showed that Cp was expressed by the parietal epithelial cells that line the inner aspect of Bowman's capsule in the glomerulus. Cp also was present in urine, particularly of old ad libitum-fed rats with high tissue Cp expression. Cp expression by Bowman's capsule epithelial cells therefore occurred in direct proportion to known levels of oxidant activity (older age and high-calorie diet) and is secreted into the urine. It is suggested that Cp expression at this site may be part of the repertoire of the glomerular parietal epithelial cell to protect the glomerular podocytes and the downstream nephron from toxic effects of filtered molecules, including ferrous iron.
BACKGROUND: High sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) is a marker of acute inflammation recently recognized as an independent predictor of future cardiovascular disease and diabetes. The identification of modifiable factors, such as diet, that influence serum CRP concentrations may provide the means for reducing the risk of these diseases. Data on longitudinal associations between dietary fiber intake and CRP are currently lacking. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine longitudinal associations between dietary fiber intake and CRP. DESIGN: Data collection took place at baseline and quarterly (every 13 wk) thereafter for a total of 5 visits, each including measurements of body composition, CRP, diet, and physical activity. Relations between serum CRP and dietary fiber were assessed by using linear mixed models and logistic regression, adjusted for covariates. RESULTS: A total of 524 subjects had multiple measurements of CRP and dietary factors. The average total dietary fiber intake was 16.11 g/d. Average serum CRP was 1.78 mg/L. We observed an inverse association between intake of total dietary fiber (separately for soluble and insoluble fiber) and CRP concentrations in both cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses. The likelihood of elevated CRP concentrations was 63% lower (OR: 0.37; 95% CI: 0.16, 0.87) in participants in the highest quartile of total fiber intake than in participants in the lowest quartile. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that dietary fiber is protective against high CRP, which supports current recommendations for a diet high in fiber. 
BACKGROUND: The results of randomized controlled trials indicate that the amount and type of dietary fat are important predictors of serum cholesterol concentrations. However, the results of observational studies show weak or no association between dietary fat intake and serum cholesterol. Serum fatty acids are valid biomarkers of fat intake and may improve dietary estimates. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to ascertain whether serum fatty acids are associated with serum cholesterol concentrations in New Zealand adolescents and adults. DESIGN: The current study was a cross-sectional, national, population-based survey of 2793 New Zealanders aged > or =15 y who participated in the 1997 National Nutrition Survey. The fatty acid composition of serum cholesterol esters, phospholipids, and triacylglycerols was measured. RESULTS: A 1-SD increase in myristic acid (14:0) in serum cholesterol ester, phospholipids, and triacylglycerol corresponded with increases in serum cholesterol of 0.19, 0.13, and 0.10 mmol/L, respectively, after adjustment of the regression analysis for sex, age, body mass index, ethnicity, and smoking. The mean difference in cholesterol concentrations between persons in the highest and the lowest quintiles of serum cholesteryl-myristate was 0.48 mmol/L (P for trend < 0.001). A 1-SD increase in the proportion of linoleic acid (18:2n-6) in serum cholesterol ester, phospholipids, and triacylglycerol corresponded with decreases in serum cholesterol of 0.07, 0.07, and 0.05 mmol/L, respectively. The difference in mean serum cholesterol between the highest and lowest quintiles of cholesteryl-linoleate was 0.18 mmol/L (P for trend = 0.019). CONCLUSION: Saturated and polyunsaturated fat intakes, measured by using fatty acid biomarkers, are important predictors of serum cholesterol concentrations in New Zealand. 
Metabolomics is an emerging tool that can be used to gain insights into cellular and physiological responses. Here we present a metabolome differential display method based on capillary electrophoresis time-of-flight mass spectrometry to profile liver metabolites following acetaminophen-induced hepatotoxicity. We globally detected 1,859 peaks in mouse liver extracts and highlighted multiple changes in metabolite levels, including an activation of the ophthalmate biosynthesis pathway. We confirmed that ophthalmate was synthesized from 2-aminobutyrate through consecutive reactions with gamma-glutamylcysteine and glutathione synthetase. Changes in ophthalmate level in mouse serum and liver extracts were closely correlated and ophthalmate levels increased significantly in conjunction with glutathione consumption. Overall, our results provide a broad picture of hepatic metabolite changes following acetaminophen treatment. In addition, we specifically found that serum ophthalmate is a sensitive indicator of hepatic GSH depletion, and may be a new biomarker for oxidative stress. Our method can thus pinpoint specific metabolite changes and provide insights into the perturbation of metabolic pathways on a large scale and serve as a powerful new tool for discovering low molecular weight biomarkers.
AIMS: Phosphatidylethanol (PEth) is an abnormal phospholipid formed only in the presence of ethanol by the enzyme phospholipase D. PEth in blood is a promising new marker for ethanol abuse. None of the biological markers used at the present time is sensitive and specific enough for the diagnosis of alcoholism. METHODS: The most frequently used alcohol markers [carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT), gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), and mean corpuscular volume (MCV)] were studied together with PEth in actively drinking alcohol-dependent patients (inpatients and outpatients), with regard to correlation to ethanol intake and diagnostic sensitivity of the markers. The relation between the markers was also studied. RESULTS: PEth, CDT, and GGT correlated to ethanol intake, with the strongest correlation found for PEth. The diagnostic sensitivity for PEth was 99%, and for other markers it varied between 40 and 77%. Only when CDT was combined with GGT was a sensitivity of 94% reached. PEth correlated to CDT and GGT but not to MCV. CDT did not correlate to GGT or MCV. CONCLUSIONS: Blood concentrations of PEth are highly correlated to ethanol intake, and the present results indicate that its diagnostic sensitivity is higher than that for previously established alcohol markers. 
OBJECTIVES: There is a clinical impression of dissatisfaction with treatment for hypothyroidism among some patients. Psychometric properties of the new ThyTSQ questionnaire are evaluated. The questionnaire, measuring patients' satisfaction with their treatment for hypothyroidism, has two parts: the seven-item ThyTSQ-Present and four-item ThyTSQ-Past, measuring satisfaction with present and past treatment, respectively, on scales from 6 (very satisfied) to 0 (very dissatisfied). METHODS: The questionnaire was completed once by 103 adults with hypothyroidism, age (mean [SD]) 55.2 [14.4], range 23-84 years (all treated with thyroxine). RESULTS: Completion rates were very high. Internal consistency reliability was excellent for both ThyTSQ-Present and ThyTSQ-Past (Cronbach's alpha = 0.91 and 0.90, respectively [N = 102 and 103]). Principal components analyses indicated that the seven items of the ThyTSQ-Present and the four items of the ThyTSQ-Past could be summed into separate Present Satisfaction and Past Satisfaction total scores. Mean Present Satisfaction was 32.5 (7.8), maximum range 0-42, and mean Past Satisfaction was 17.5 (6.1), maximum range 0-24, indicating considerable room for improvement. Patients were least satisfied with their present understanding of their condition, mean 4.2 (1.7) (maximum range 0-6), and with information provided about hypothyroidism around the time of diagnosis, mean 3.9 (1.8) (maximum range 0-6). CONCLUSIONS: The ThyTSQ is highly acceptable to patients with hypothyroidism (excellent completion rates), and has established internal consistency reliability. It will assist health professionals in considering psychological outcomes when treating people with hypothyroidism, and is suitable for clinical trials and routine clinical monitoring. 
OBJECTIVE: To estimate cross-sectional and long-term dietary sodium intakes and sources in Finland, and to evaluate the validity of 48-h recall to assess sodium intake. DESIGN: Cross-sectional dietary surveys and food availability data (Food Balance Sheets). SETTING: Dietary surveys were carried out in Finland in 1992, 1997 and 2002. Food availability data were collected from 1980 to 1999. SUBJECTS: A stratified random sample was drawn from the population register. The total number of participants in the three dietary surveys was 6730. In the subsample for urine collection, the number of participants was 879. INTERVENTIONS: Nutrient intakes were estimated on the basis of a 3-day food diary in 1992, a 24-h recall in 1997 and a 48-h recall in 2002. The 24-h urinary excretion of sodium was used to validate sodium intake. In addition, salt intake was estimated based on Food Balance Sheets. RESULTS: Sodium intake has slowly decreased since the early 1980s. Reported daily sodium intake correlated significantly with sodium excretion. CONCLUSIONS: Sodium intake has decreased during the last two decades, but is still higher than the recommended daily intake. Sodium intake estimation based on dietary surveys and food availability data is a valid method provided that the food composition database is up to date and of good quality. SPONSORSHIP: All surveys were funded by the National Public Health Institute in Finland and the Ministry of Social Affairs and Health. 
BACKGROUND: Blood pressure (BP) increases with body mass index (BMI) and excessive alcohol intake. Few epidemiologic studies explored the interaction between BMI and alcohol intake in relation to BP. METHODS: We randomly selected 10 villages with a mixed population of HAN and SHE Chinese in the JingNing County in Southeast China. We measured BP, anthropometric characteristics, and alcohol intake in 1688 participants. Our statistical methods included single and multiple linear and logistic regressions. RESULTS: HAN (n = 520) and SHE (n = 1168) had a similar sex and age distribution. SHE Chinese, compared with HAN, had a higher BP (128.0/79.7 v 121.5/76.9 mm Hg, P < .001), and more frequently reported alcohol intake (45.0% v 27.7%; P < .001), but showed lower BMI (22.2 v 22.5 kg/m2; P = .05) and waist-to-hip ratio (0.83 v 0.87; P < .001). In SHE, but not HAN, there was a significant interaction (P < .01) between BMI and alcohol intake in relation to BP. In SHE with BMI < 25 kg/m2, BP was significantly higher in drinkers than nondrinkers (129.4/80.2 v 124.2/77.4 mm Hg, P < .001), whereas among SHE with BMI > or = 25 kg/m2, BP was not associated with alcohol intake (134.3/84.9 v 136.8/85.7 mm Hg, P > .41). Accordingly, in SHE Chinese, the slope of BP associated with BMI was less steep (P < .01) in drinkers than nondrinkers. CONCLUSIONS: Among SHE Chinese, alcohol intake and BMI interactively influenced BP. Further research is required to elucidate the underlying mechanism. 
BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence supports carbohydrate restricted diets (CRD) for weight loss and improvement in traditional markers for cardiovascular disease (CVD); less is known regarding emerging CVD risk factors. We previously reported that a weight loss intervention based on a CRD (% carbohydrate:fat:protein = 13:60:27) led to a mean weight loss of 7.5 kg and a 20% reduction of abdominal fat in 29 overweight men. This group showed reduction in plasma LDL-cholesterol and triglycerides and elevations in HDL-cholesterol as well as reductions in large and medium VLDL particles and increases in LDL particle size. In this study we report on the effect of this intervention with and without fiber supplementation on plasma homocysteine, lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)], C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha). METHODS: Twenty nine overweight men [body mass index (BMI) 25-35 kg/m2] aged 20-69 years consumed an ad libitum CRD (% carbohydrate:fat:protein = 13:60:27) including a standard multivitamin every other day for 12 wk. Subjects were matched by age and BMI and randomly assigned to consume 3 g/d of either a soluble fiber supplement (n = 14) or placebo (n = 15). RESULTS: There were no group or interaction (fiber x time) main effects, but significant time effects were observed for several variables. Energy intake was spontaneously reduced (-30.5%). This was accompanied by an increase in protein intake (96.2 +/- 29.8 g/d to 107.3 +/- 29.7 g/d) and methionine intake (2.25 +/- 0.7 g/d, to 2.71 +/- 0.78 g/d; P < 0.001). Trans fatty acid intake was significantly reduced (-38.6%) while dietary folate was unchanged, as was plasma homocysteine. Bodyweight (-7.5 +/- 2.5 kg) was reduced as was plasma Lp(a) (-11.3%). Changes in plasma Lp(a) correlated with reductions in LDL-cholesterol (r = .436, P < 0.05) and fat loss (r = .385, P < 0,05). At wk 12, both CRP (-8.1%) and TNF-alpha (-9.3%) were reduced (P < 0.05) independently of weight loss. IL-6 concentrations were unchanged. CONCLUSION: A diet based on restricting carbohydrates leads to spontaneous caloric reduction and subsequent improvement in emerging markers of CVD in overweight/obese men who are otherwise healthy. 
BACKGROUND: Nutritional biomarkers may be better measures of dietary exposure than self-reported dietary data. We evaluated resveratrol metabolites, potential biomarkers of wine consumption, in humans after moderate consumption of sparkling, white, or red wines. METHODS: We performed 2 randomized, crossover trials and a cohort study. In the first study, 10 healthy men consumed 30 g of ethanol/day as sparkling wine or gin for 28 days. In the second trial, 10 healthy women consumed 20 g of ethanol/day as white or red wine for 28 days. We also evaluated 52 participants in a study on the effects of a Mediterranean diet on primary prevention of cardiovascular disease (the PREDIMED Study). We used liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry to analyze urinary total resveratrol metabolites (TRMs) and predictive values and ROC curve analyses to assess the diagnostic accuracy. RESULTS: We observed significant increases in TRMs [72.4 (95% confidence interval, 48.5-96.2; P = 0.005), 211.5 (166.6-256.3; P = 0.005), and 560.5 nmol/g creatinine (244.9-876.1; P = 0.005)] after consumption of sparkling, white, or red wine, respectively, but no changes after the washout or gin periods. In the cohort study, the reported daily dose of wine consumption correlated directly with TRMs (r = 0.654; P < 0.001). Using a cutoff of 90 nmol/g, we were able to use TRMs to differentiate wine consumers from abstainers with a sensitivity of 72% (60%-84%); and a specificity of 94% (87%-100%). CONCLUSIONS: Resveratrol metabolites in urine may be useful biomarkers of wine intake in epidemiologic and intervention studies. 
OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether dietary factors explain higher plasma fibrinogen levels in Japanese emigrants living a Western lifestyle in Hawaii compared with Japanese in Japan. METHODS AND RESULTS: Plasma fibrinogen and nutrient intakes were examined by standardized methods in men and women 40 to 59 years of age from a Japanese-American sample in Hawaii (100 men and 106 women) and 4 population samples in Japan (569 men and 567 women). Multiple linear regression models were used to examine the relationship between dietary factors and the plasma fibrinogen difference between Hawaii and Japan. Average plasma fibrinogen was significantly higher in Hawaii compared with Japan (P<0.001 in both genders). In multiple linear regression analyses with each dietary variable considered separately, body mass index reduced the plasma fibrinogen difference between Hawaii and Japan by 20.4%; iron intake (mg/1000 kcal) and estimated total sugar intake (%kcal) reduced this difference by 30.0% and 14.4%, respectively. In a model that included body mass index, iron, estimated total sugars, and caffeine (also age and gender), this difference was reduced by 61.3% (from 42.2 to 16.3 mg/dL). CONCLUSIONS: Higher intake of iron, sugar, and caffeine, in addition to obesity, account largely for higher fibrinogen levels with Westernized lifestyle. 
OBJECTIVES: To develop and validate a self-completion questionnaire for comprehensive assessment of the severity and impact of vaginal symptoms and related sexual matters, particularly those attributed to pelvic organ prolapse. To provide an instrument that can characterise the severity of these symptoms, measure their impact and evaluate treatment outcome. DESIGN: Prospective development of the content of the questionnaire and testing of its psychometric properties including validity. SETTING: Two hospital-based urogynaecology clinics and one community general practice in the South of England. POPULATION: One hundred and forty-one urogynaecology clinic attendees with varying degrees of pelvic organ prolapse and 77 randomly selected women registered with a general practice. METHODS: The questionnaire was developed through a literature review, consultation with clinicians and health scientists and structured interviews with patients. Content validity, construct validity, stability, internal consistency and sensitivity to change were examined by comparing the responses from the urogynaecology clinic with responses from the general community. Sensitivity to change was assessed using responses from women undergoing surgical treatment for pelvic organ prolapse before and 3 months after surgery. A final version of the questionnaire was obtained after factor analysis to assist item reduction and refinement of the scoring system. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Content validity, construct validity, stability (test-retest reliability), internal consistency and sensitivity to change. RESULTS: The questionnaire exhibited good validity, reliability and sensitivity to change. Excellent internal consistency was demonstrated for vaginal (Cronbach's alpha 0.79) and sexual (Cronbach's alpha 0.84) symptoms. Reliability was good. The questionnaire was able to identify changes in symptoms following surgical treatment. The final ICIQ-VS questionnaire had 14 items and a simple scoring system. CONCLUSION; The ICIQ-VS self-completion questionnaire meets the need for a robust instrument for assessing a range of vaginal and sexual symptoms, in particular those of pelvic organ prolapse. It will be of use in both routine clinical practice and epidemiological research, particularly when there is a need to assess the severity of these symptoms or the efficacy of treatment. 
BACKGROUND: Revision of the national nutrient database in 2000 had a strong impact on the absolute level of estimated nutrient intake in dietary assessments. However, whether it influenced the ranking of individuals by estimated intake, a more important function in epidemiologic studies, has not been investigated. Here, we investigated the effect of this revision of the nutrient database on the validity of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) used to estimate nutrient intake in the Japan Public Health Center-based prospective Study (JPHC Study). METHODS: Subjects were a subsample of the JPHC Study who volunteered to participate in the validation study of the FFQ. Validity of the FFQ was evaluated by reference to the 28-day weighed dietary records as a gold standard. Nutrient intake according to the FFQ was recalculated using the revised database, and the results were compared to those using the previous database. Spearman's rank correlation coefficients (CCs) between intakes estimated by the FFQ and dietary records were computed using the revised database, and were compared to CCs computed using the previous database. RESULTS: For most of the nutrients, mean intake increased or decreased significantly using the revised database. However, no notable change was seen for the CC between estimated intake according to dietary records and FFQ when the revised database was used for calculation. Differences in the point estimates of the CCs ranged from -0.14 to 0.15. Likewise, CCs between biomarkers and estimated intake according to FFQ were similar for the two databases. CONCLUSION: Despite changes in intake levels for many nutrients, the validity of our FFQ using rank correlation by nutrient intake was not influenced by revision of the nutrient database in Japan. 
BACKGROUND: Dietary patterns may influence cardiovascular disease risk through effects on inflammation and endothelial activation. OBJECTIVE: We examined relations between dietary patterns and markers of inflammation and endothelial activation. DESIGN: At baseline, diet (food-frequency questionnaire) and concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), homocysteine, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), and soluble E selectin were assessed in 5089 nondiabetic participants in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. RESULTS: Four dietary patterns were derived by using factor analysis. The fats and processed meats pattern (fats, oils, processed meats, fried potatoes, salty snacks, and desserts) was positively associated with CRP (P for trend < 0.001), IL-6 (P for trend < 0.001), and homocysteine (P for trend = 0.002). The beans, tomatoes, and refined grains pattern (beans, tomatoes, refined grains, and high-fat dairy products) was positively related to sICAM-1 (P for trend = 0.007). In contrast, the whole grains and fruit pattern (whole grains, fruit, nuts, and green leafy vegetables) was inversely associated with CRP, IL-6, homocysteine (P for trend < or = 0.001), and sICAM-1 (P for trend = 0.034), and the vegetables and fish pattern (fish and dark-yellow, cruciferous, and other vegetables) was inversely related to IL-6 (P for trend = 0.009). CRP, IL-6, and homocysteine relations across the fats and processed meats and whole grains and fruit patterns were independent of demographics and lifestyle factors and were not modified by race-ethnicity. CRP and homocysteine relations were independent of waist circumference. CONCLUSIONS: These results corroborate previous findings that empirically derived dietary patterns are associated with inflammation and show that these relations in an ethnically diverse population with unique dietary habits are similar to findings in more homogeneous populations. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess exposure to mercury (Hg) among children in population subgroups whose traditional dietary practices include fish. STUDY DESIGN: We determined blood Hg, red blood cell phosphatidylethanolamine omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid as a marker of fish intake, and assessed indexes of childhood behavior in preschool children 1.5 to 5 years of age (n = 228) living in an ethnically diverse neighborhood in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. RESULTS: The median blood Hg was 4.6 nmol/L, range 0-67.9 nmol/L. Twelve (6%) children, all of whom were Chinese, had a blood Hg > 28.9 nmol/L. Blood Hg, total fish intake, and eicosapentaenoic acid were higher among Chinese than Caucasian children; however, higher fish intake did not predict blood Hg. Blood Hg was inversely associated with attentional focusing in children over 3 years of age after adjusting for confounding family variables, iron deficiency anemia, and zinc deficiency. Major sources of fish among Chinese children were imported fish rather than local fish. CONCLUSION: Children from population subgroups within populations not considered at risk may be at increased risk of neurotoxicity caused by Hg exposure from fish. 
Data on the association between dairy consumption and blood pressure have been inconsistent. We sought to examine the relation between dairy consumption and prevalent hypertension (HTN) among 4797 participants of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Heart Study. We used generalized estimating equations to estimate prevalence odds ratios of HTN across categories of dairy consumption. From the lowest to the highest sex-, age-, and energy-adjusted quartile of dairy consumption, there was an inverse association between dairy intake and prevalent HTN: odds ratios (95% CIs) were 1.0 (reference), 0.82 (0.64 to 1.05), 0.68 (0.53 to 0.89), and 0.62 (0.45 to 0.84), respectively, in a model adjusting for age, sex, energy intake, field center, body mass index, dietary linolenic acid, saturated and monounsaturated fat, sodium intake, potassium, caffeine, fiber, and fruits and vegetables (P for trend = 0.002). This association was independent of calcium intake and was mainly observed among subjects consuming fewer calories from saturated fat (P for interaction = 0.014). Dairy consumption was inversely associated with systolic (P for trend = 0.003) but not diastolic (P for trend = 0.09) blood pressure. Although subjects consuming > or = 2 servings per day of dairy products and higher total linolenic acid had the lowest prevalence odds of HTN, there was no evidence for interaction between linolenic acid and dairy consumption on HTN (P for interaction = 0.65). In conclusion, our data indicate an inverse association between dairy consumption and prevalent HTN that was independent of dietary calcium, mainly among individuals consuming less saturated fat. This suggests that consumption of low-fat dairy products might be more beneficial for preventing HTN.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of the current study was to examine whether a diet rich in dairy products followed by a nutrition education program for the prevention of osteoporosis could have any adverse effect on certain cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors over a 5-month intervention period. METHODS: A total sample of 82 women (55-65 years old) was randomized to a dietary intervention group (IG: n=42), attending biweekly nutrition education program and provided with low-fat, fortified dairy products and to a control group (CG: n=40). Changes in dietary, biochemical and clinical indices related to CVD were determined at the end of the 5-month intervention period. RESULTS: The IG was found to have a higher decrease in the percentage of energy intake derived from total fat and a higher increase in the intake of calcium, phosphorus, magnesium and potassium compared to the CG (p<0.05). Furthermore, the IG subjects were found to have a lower increase in BMI (0.7+/-0.1 versus 1.4+/-0.2 Kg/m(2), p=0.011) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (2.5+/-2.9 versus 7.8+/-2.2 mmHg, p=0.040) and a higher decrease in serum total cholesterol (-5.2+/-3.3 versus 6.9+/-5.1 mg/dl, p=0.042) and LDL-cholesterol levels (-20.0+/-2.6 versus -12.4+/-4.2 mg/dl, p=0.034) compared to the CG. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of the current study indicate that a dietary intervention aiming to minimize the risk for osteoporosis did not have any adverse effects on CVD risk factors. On the contrary, it has induced favourable changes in BMI, serum lipids and SBP. 
BACKGROUND: Several studies have reported that the intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) or fish is inversely associated with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations, but few studies have evaluated the relations between serum CRP concentrations and consumption of n-3 PUFAs derived from marine products in populations with a diet rich in marine products. Therefore, it is still unclear whether a greater consumption of n-3 PUFAs is associated with lower serum CRP concentrations. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the relations between n-3 PUFA intake and serum CRP concentration in the Japanese, who have a diet rich in marine products. DESIGN: We designed a cross-sectional survey of 401 men and 570 women aged > or =70 y who were living in Japan. CRP concentrations were measured, and subjects whose serum CRP concentrations were > or =10.0 mg/L were excluded. Dietary intake was assessed with a self-administered diet-history questionnaire. RESULTS: After adjustment for several predictors of inflammation, the odds ratio of high CRP (> or =1.0 mg/L) for increasing quartiles of total n-3 PUFA and eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid were 1.0, 0.72, 0.57, and 0.44 (P for trend = 0.01) and 1.0, 0.91, 0.76, and 0.54 (P for trend = 0.03), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Greater intake of n-3 PUFAs derived from marine products, as measured with a self-administered questionnaire, was independently related to a lower prevalence of high CRP concentrations in this older Japanese population with a diet rich in marine products. Our findings suggest that even very high intakes of n-3 PUFAs may lower serum CRP concentrations. 
BACKGROUND: Although the effect of copper on bone has been tested in animals and healthy subjects, no studies concerning the effect of copper supplementation on bone metabolism in patients with copper deficiency have been reported because of the rarity of these patients. This study was conducted to investigate the effect of copper supplementation on bone metabolism in copper-deficient patients. METHOD: This study included 10 patients (83.7 +/- 8.3 years) with dietary copper deficiency under long-term bed rest for more than 12 months. They had their diets supplemented with copper sulfate (3 mg/day) over 12 weeks in addition to their diet of only one kind of enteral food with a low concentration of copper. Serum copper and ceruloplasmin, urinary deoxypyridinoline (DPD) and collagen-type 1 N-telopeptide (NTX) (biomarkers of bone resorption), serum osteocalcin (OC) and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (Bone ALP) (biomarkers of bone formation) were analyzed at baseline, 4 and 12 weeks after copper supplementation. RESULTS: DPD and NTX excretion were significantly increased 4 weeks after copper supplementation (p = 0.009 and p = 0.013, respectively). Serum bone ALP and OC were not significantly changed 12 weeks after copper supplementation (p = 0.051 and p = 0.594). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with nutritional copper deficiency, bone resorption markers are increased with copper supplementation. 
A high intake of cruciferous vegetables is associated with a reduced risk of cancer and cardiovascular diseases. This protective effect has been linked to isothiocyanates, enzymatic hydrolysis products of glucosinolates. In this study, the metabolic fate of glucosinolates and isothiocyanates after ingestion of 19 different cruciferous vegetables was studied in three male subjects. After the consumption of 13 cruciferous vegetables (glucosinolate content, 0.01-0.94 mmol/kg) and six condiments (isothiocyanate content, 0.06-49.3 mmol/kg), eight different isothiocyanate mercapturic acids were determined in urine samples. Excretion levels after the consumption of raw vegetables and condiments were higher (bioavailability, 8.2-113%) as compared to cooked vegetables (bioavailability, 1.8-43%), but the excretion rate was similar (t1/2=2.1-3.9 h). Isothiocyanates in urine remain longer at a nonzero level after the consumption of glucosinolates from cooked vegetables, as compared to raw vegetables and condiments, and maximal levels in urine were reached about 4 h later. Isothiocyanate mercapturic acids can be used as a biomarker to reflect the active dose of isothiocyanates absorbed.
The main aim of the present study was the evaluation of proteins and antioxidant potential in ethylene-treated kiwifruit during the first 10 days of ripening. Kiwifruit samples were randomly divided into two groups: treated and untreated. Flesh firmness, sensory value, visual score, free sugars, soluble solids, ethylene biosynthesis, proteins, dietary fibers, total polyphenols and antioxidant potential were determined in both groups. Ethylene (100 ppm) at 20 degrees C for 24 h was used in the treated group. The flesh firmness and acidity in treated samples decreased significantly in the early stage of ripening simultaneously with significant increase in the contents of free sugars, soluble solids, endogenous ethylene production, sensory value, 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid (ACC) content, ACC synthase and ACC oxidase activities, total polyphenols and related antioxidant potential, and was significantly higher than in untreated samples (P < 0.05). Proteins were extracted from kiwifruit and separated by modified sodium dodecyl sulphate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. The separation was resolved into 14 protein bands. Some minor quality changes were found only in the 32 kDa band, which was more pronounced in the treated samples. In conclusion, ethylene treatment of kiwifruits leads to positive changes in most of the studied kiwifruit compounds and to an increase in the fruit antioxidant potential. It shortens the ripening time and improves fruit quality by decreasing its flesh firmness and acidity. Some minor changes in the protein profile did not affect the fruit taste and quality.
Estimation of dietary intake of polyphenols is difficult, due to limited availability of food composition data and bias inherent to dietary assessment methods. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the associations between the intake of polyphenol-rich foods and the urinary excretion of several phenolic compounds and therefore explore whether these phenolic compounds could be used as a biomarker of intake. Fifty-three participants of the SU.VI.MAX study (a randomised primary-prevention trial evaluating the effect of daily antioxidant supplementation on chronic diseases) collected a 24 h urine and a spot urine sample and filled a dietary record during a 2 d period. Thirteen polyphenols and metabolites, chlorogenic acid, caffeic acid, m-coumaric acid, gallic acid, 4-O-methylgallic acid, quercetin, isorhamnetin, kaempferol, hesperetin, naringenin, phloretin, enterolactone and enterodiol, were measured using HPLC-electrospray ionisation-MS-MS. In spot samples apple consumption was positively correlated to phloretin, grapefruit consumption to naringenin, orange to hesperetin, citrus fruit consumption to both naringenin and hesperetin, with r coefficients ranging from 0.31 to 0.57 (P < 0.05). The combination of fruits and/or fruit juices was positively correlated to gallic acid and 4-O-methylgallic acid, isorhamnetin, kaempferol, hesperetin, naringenin and phloretin (r 0.24-0.44, P < 0.05). Coffee consumption was positively correlated to caffeic and chlorogenic acids (r 0.29 and 0.63, P < 0.05 respectively). Black tea and wine consumption were positively correlated with gallic and 4-O-methylgallic acids (r 0.37-0.54, P < 0.001). The present results suggest that several polyphenols measured in a spot urine sample can be used as biomarkers of polyphenol-rich food intake.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between iron status, iron intake, and diabetes among Chinese adults. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This cross-sectional household survey was carried out in 2002 in Jiangsu Province, China. The sample contained 2,849 men and women aged > or =20 years with a response rate of 89.0%. Iron intake was assessed by food weighing plus consecutive individual 3-day food records. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), serum ferritin, and hemoglobin were measured. RESULTS: The prevalence of anemia was 18.3% in men and 31.5% in women. Mean hemoglobin and serum ferritin increased across groups with increasing FPG. The prevalence of anemia among women was 15.0% in individuals with FPG >7.0 mmol/l compared with 32.6% in individuals with FPG <5.6 mmol/l. There was a similar, however not significant, trend among men. In women, after adjusting for known risk factors, the odds ratio (OR) of diabetes was 2.15 (95% CI 1.03-4.51) for subjects in the upper quartile of hemoglobin compared with the rest, and the corresponding OR for the upper quartile of serum ferritin was 3.79 (1.72-8.36). Iron intake was positively associated with diabetes in women; fourth quartile intake of iron yielded an OR of 5.53 (1.47-20.44) compared with the first quartile in the multivariate analyses. In men, similar trends were suggested, although they were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Iron status and iron intake was independently associated with risk of diabetes in Chinese women but not in men. 
Few studies have examined the psychometrics of smoking-related behavioral measures in schizophrenia and questions have been raised about the applicability to smokers with schizophrenia. We examined the reliability of the Fagerstrm Test for Nicotine Dependence (FTND), Minnesota Nicotine Withdrawal Scale (M-NWS), and the Tiffany Questionnaire for Smoking Urges (TQSU) for smokers with schizophrenia (SS; n=151) and nonpsychiatric smokers (CS; n=181) recruited into three studies with similar inclusion criteria. SS and CS did not differ on a number of demographic and smoking variables (e.g., age). SS reported higher carbon monoxide (CO) levels, plasma cotinine levels, FTND, M-NWS, and TQSU Factor 1 scores. The internal consistencies (Cronbach's alpha) of the smoking measures were found to be high and comparable between diagnostic groups for the FTND, M-NWS total scores, and TQSU Factor 2 (all alpha's>0.70) but higher for the CS than SS for the TQSU Factor 1 (0.86 versus 0.79). Test-retest correlations were lower for SS than CS on the FTND (0.65 versus 0.82), TQSU Factor 1 (0.65 versus 0.79), and TQSU Factor 2 (0.69 versus 0.81), but did not differ between diagnostic groups for M-NWS (0.58 versus 0.64). Our findings suggest that these measures may be reliable for use in smokers with schizophrenia.
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Women's diet can be especially difficult to assess, as women tend to underreport their intakes more often than men and are more likely to do so if they think they are overweight or obese. The aim was to compare two methods to assess women's diet and how well they associate with biomarkers. The influence and frequency of underreporting was also investigated. METHODS: Diet of 53 women was assessed by two 24-hour recalls and a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Blood was analyzed for retinol, beta-carotene, vitamin C and serum ferritin, and 24-hour urine for nitrogen, potassium and sodium. Underreporting was evaluated with nitrogen excretion vs. intake, and energy intake vs. basal metabolic rate. RESULTS: Energy percent (E%) from macronutrients was similar from FFQ and 24-hour recalls, but total intake was higher from 24-hour recalls (9,516 +/- 2,080 vs. 8,183 +/- 2,893 kJ, p < 0.01). Intakes of vitamin C and potassium from both methods correlated with their respective biomarkers (r = 0.316-0.393). Underreporters had higher body mass index (BMI) than others (27.7 +/- 5.5 vs. 23.8 +/- 3.7 kg/m2, p < 0.05). They reported lower E% total fat (32 +/- 5 vs. 38 +/- 6 E%, p < 0.01) and higher E% carbohydrate (49 +/- 4 vs. 45 +/- 7 E%, p < 0.05). Correlation between intake and biomarkers increased after exclusion of underreporters. CONCLUSION: For women, FFQ and 24-hour recalls give similar E% and most nutrients correlate, but FFQ gives lower intake. Underreporters have higher BMI and diminish the correlation between calculated intake and biomarkers. This has to be considered when intake data are associated with weight management, disease and lifestyle factors. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine associations between various dietary markers and mortality from ischemic heart disease (IHD) and stroke. DESIGN AND SETTING: A multi-center cross-sectional study, involved 25 co-operative study centers in 16 countries. METHOD: In the report, data for males (n = 2462), aged 48-56 years, from 25 centers were included. Various dietary markers were measured from individual's blood and 24-h urine samples. Age-standardized male mortality rates for IHD and stroke were collected for the region encompassing each study center. Ecological cross-center associations between dietary markers and the mortality were analyzed using univariate and multivariate analysis techniques. RESULTS: Bivariate correlation analyses showed that IHD mortality was associated positively with body mass index (BMI), serum total cholesterol (TC), urinary potassium (K) and serum phospholipid palmitic acid, and negatively with urinary taurine, sodium (Na) and Na/K (potassium) ratio, n-3 polyunsaturated (n-3PU) fatty acids and polyunsaturated-to-saturated (P/S) fatty acid ratio. Stroke mortality was associated positively with Na and Na/K ratio and phospholipid arachidonic acid (AA), and negatively with TC and K. Stepwise linear regression analyses indicated that 59% of the variance in IHD mortality could be explained by the variance in taurine and P/S ratio and that 57% of stroke mortality could be explained by Na/K ratio and phospholipid AA. CONCLUSION: Although ecological associations do not necessarily imply causality, and the present findings are limited to male samples only, the study extends our understanding of dietary markers in relation to worldwide IHD and stroke mortality rates, and indicates useful avenues for further study on IHD and stroke prevention. 
BACKGROUND: Cumulative lead burden and low dietary calcium have been independently associated with increased risk of hypertension. There is evidence of an interaction between these factors. We tested the hypothesis that dietary calcium intake modifies the relationship between lead burden and hypertension. METHODS: A total of 471 men from the Normative Aging Study were evaluated. Bone lead was assessed using a K-x-ray fluorescence instrument, and information on dietary calcium intake was obtained with a self-administered semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: We categorized 259 subjects (55%) as having low calcium intake (< or =800 mg/d) and 212 subjects (45%) as having higher calcium intake. In logistic regression models stratified by dietary calcium intake, tibia lead had a weak association with hypertension among subjects with low dietary calcium (odds ratio for 1-standard deviation increase in tibia lead = 1.30; 95% confidence interval = 0.97-1.74) but not in subjects with higher dietary calcium intake. Similarly, blood lead was associated with hypertension only in subjects with low calcium intake. We also found evidence of an interaction between dietary calcium intake and body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: High bone and blood lead increased the likelihood of hypertension, particularly among subjects with low dietary calcium intake. Dietary calcium may be helpful in prevention of hypertension induced by elevated lead burden. 
After consumption of poppy seeds various substances were detected in urine or blood samples using an immunoassay and a sophisticated liquid chromatographic-tandem mass spectrometric procedure. These compounds are widely considered to be putative markers of heroin (HER) abuse whereas acetylcodeine was regarded as a marker for illicit preparations ("street HER"). Besides positive urinary opiate immunoassay results during a 48 hours monitoring period, peak concentrations of morphine (MOR), codeine and their glucuronides appeared 4 to 8 hours after ingestion of poppy seeds, and concentrations of total MOR higher than 10 microg/mL were observed. Also, in serum samples taken up to 6 hours after consumption, MOR glucuronides were found. Free MOR was only detected in traces (1 to 3 ng/mL) within 2 hours of consumption. In addition, 3 of 6 onsite opiate sweat tests revealed positive results 6.5 hours after ingestion. Furthermore, it was demonstrated that neither noscapine (NOS) nor papaverine (PAP) was detectable in urine or blood samples after the consumption of poppy seeds containing up to 94 microg NOS and up to 3.3 mug PAP. NOS and PAP were rapidly metabolized, whereas desmethylpapaverine and, especially, its glucuronide were found in urine samples of poppy seed consumers even 48 hours after consumption. According to these results PAP metabolites should not be regarded as markers of illicit HER abuse. In conclusion, only acetylcodeine can be regarded as a specific marker but has the problem of a short half-life. Therefore, we suggest that NOS and PAP, but not their metabolites, might be used cautiously as additional markers of illicit HER abuse as they have not been detected after oral intake of poppy seeds in normal doses. But it must be kept in mind that in some cases poppy seeds with an unusually high content of these alkaloids could be available, and that these substances are also agents in some pharmaceuticals.
BACKGROUND: Although the typical diet of the Mediterranean region has received much recognition over the past several years for its association with substantial health benefits, it remains unknown whether its favorable effects are mediated through changes in adiponectin concentrations. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet is associated with higher plasma adiponectin concentrations. DESIGN: This study was a prospective and cross-sectional evaluation of plasma adiponectin concentrations and dietary data from 987 diabetic women from the Nurses' Health Study who had no history of cardiovascular disease at the time blood was drawn in 1990. RESULTS: Women who scored highest on a 9-point scale that measures adherence to a Mediterranean-type dietary pattern tended to be older, were less likely to be current smokers, had lower body mass indexes and waist circumferences, and had higher total energy intakes, physical activities, and plasma adiponectin concentrations than did women with the lowest scores. Median plasma adiponectin concentrations were 23% higher in women who most closely followed a Mediterranean-type diet than in low adherers after adjustment for age and energy intake (P < 0.01). Body composition, lifestyle, and medical history explained some, but not all, of the observed association between diet and adiponectin concentrations because high adherers tended to have greater adiponectin concentrations than did moderate or low adherers, even after adjustment for these variables. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that, of the several components of the Mediterranean dietary pattern score, alcohol, nuts, and whole grains show the strongest association with adiponectin concentrations. Close adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet is associated with higher adiponectin concentrations. 
BACKGROUND: A specific fatty acid (FA) composition in plasma lipid esters is related to the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and may influence the development of the MetS. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to define and study FA factors as measures of dietary fat quality and endogenous FA metabolism in relation to MetS. DESIGN: Principal factor analysis was performed to define specific FA factors in men participating in a population-based cohort study-the Uppsala Longitudinal Study of Adult Men. The factors were generated at ages 50 (n = 2009) and 70 (n = 576) y, and relations between FA factors and MetS (National Cholesterol Education Program) were studied in cross-sectional and prospective (20 y) analyses. RESULTS: The factor analysis generated 3 major FA factors: a low-linoleic acid (LA) factor, a dietary saturated FA factor, and an n-3 polyunsaturated FA (PUFA) factor. All factors differed between those subjects with MetS (n = 281 of 2009) and those without MetS at age 50 y; only the low-LA factor differed at age 70 y, which suggests an association between MetS and fat quality. The low-LA factor (odds ratio: 1.51; 95% CI: 1.28, 1.79; P < 0.0001) and the n-3 PUFA factor (0.76; 0.64, 0.90; P < 0.001) predicted MetS development over 20 y, independent of smoking habits, physical activity, and BMI. CONCLUSIONS: The generated FA factors, which presumably represent dietary fat quality and endogenous FA metabolism, may be important in the development of MetS. This finding supports current dietary recommendations to increase PUFA intakes and restrict saturated FA intakes. 
BACKGROUND: Measurement of past sun exposure through recall by adults has the potential for measurement error. We aimed to investigate aspects of validity and reliability of self-reported past sun exposure. METHODS: A population-based case-control study was conducted in Tasmania on 136 cases with multiple sclerosis and 272 age- and sex-matched community controls. Repeat interviews on 52 cases and 52 controls were done on average 11 weeks after the initial interview. Sun exposure was assessed by questionnaire and lifetime calendar. Other measurements included serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, actinic damage, and skin phenotype. RESULTS: There was an association between recent sun exposure and serum vitamin D (time in the sun: r = 0.22, P < 0.01; activities outside: r = 0.31, P < 0.01 for controls) and between lifetime sun exposure and actinic damage [correlation between 0.34 (P < 0.01) and 0.17 (P = 0.01) for controls]. The test-retest weighted kappa statistic of self-reported sun exposure ranged from 0.43 to 0.74. Recall of childhood/adolescent sun exposure by standardized questioning was no less reproducible than recall of recent adult sun exposure and no less reliable when made with the calendar method. Comparing the questionnaire and calendar method, the measures of childhood/adolescent sun exposure had a similar predictive validity for multiple sclerosis. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study provide further evidence that adults are able to recall past sun exposure with shown validity and reliability and present information about the possible reasons for the good reliability of recalled sun exposure measures. 
Ochratoxin A (OTA) is a mycotoxin produced by different species of Aspergillus and Penicillium fungi. The presence of OTA in human blood has been reported in many studies, especially in Europe, however none have been done in South America. In this study, 88 blood samples from healthy donors from two different Chilean agricultural zones were analyzed. In parallel with sample collection, the donors filled a questionnaire regarding food intake during the last three months. The blood samples were collected in Colbn in March and July of 2004 and in San Vicente de Tagua--Tagua in October of 2004. The extraction procedure was done in the solid phase with a Sep-Pak RP-18 cartridge and a final purification with immunoaffinity Ochraprep columns. The presence of OTA was confirmed by the formation of Ochratoxin A methyl ester. Fifty four percent of the samples collected in Colbn and 91% of samples from San Vicente de Tagua - Tagua were positive to OTA at ranges of 0.07-2.75 ppb and 0.22-2.12 ppb, respectively. The OTA levels in serum did not show a good correlation with normal dietary consumption.
A liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) method for the determination of the ethanol consumption markers ethyl glucuronide (EtG), ethyl phosphate (EtP), and ethyl sulfate (EtS) in human urine was developed. A reversed-phase/weak anion exchange type stationary phase demonstrated particular suitability for the analysis of these highly polar acids. Sample preparation was minimized to centrifugation and dilution of urine prior to injection. The method was validated in the range of 5-750 microg.L(-1) with 1:20 and 1:1000 diluted urine, which corresponds to actual concentration ranges of 0.1-15 and 5-750 mg.L(-1) in undiluted samples. Method validation was carried out using six different lots of human urine. Over the entire calibration range intraday and interday precision (each n = 5, three concentration levels per dilution factor) adopted values between 0.6 and 4.7% and 0.8 and 12.1%, relative standard deviation, respectively. Corresponding accuracy values ranged between 94.2 and 113.5% and 86.6 and 110.9%, respectively. Matrix effects (absolute/relative) were found to be present in minor extent (approximately -30% to +15% MS/MS signal alterations) and were well corrected by the employed isotopically labeled internal standards. The validated assay was applied to urine samples of a drinking study as well as postmortem specimens. It was possible to assess the principal potential of EtP as ethanol consumption marker. Elevated concentration levels were found in real samples; however, EtP seems to be less sensitive compared to the previously known ethanol phase II conjugates EtG and EtS.
Coenzyme Q (CoQ) is an endogenous enzyme cofactor that may provide protective benefits as an antioxidant. In this study, in order to determine whether the concentrations of CoQ(9) are associated with the oxidative status in vivo, the effects of dietary supplements of CoQ(9) on mice were evaluated by using a new biomarker, total hydroxyoctadecadienoic acid (tHODE). Biological samples were first reduced and then saponified to convert the various oxidation products of linoleates to tHODE. Subsequently, by using GC-MS analyses, we simultaneously determined the absolute concentration of tHODE; its stereoisomer ratio, 9- and 13-(Z,E)-HODE/9- and 13-(E,E)-HODE, which is a measure of the hydrogen donor capacity of antioxidants; and the concentration of 8-iso-prostaglandin F(2alpha) (8-iso-PGF(2alpha)). Remarkable decreases in tHODE and 8-iso-PGF(2alpha) levels were observed in the plasma, erythrocytes, liver, and brain of mice that were maintained for 1 month on an alpha-tocopherol (alphaT)-free (E-free) diet supplemented with ubiquinone-9 (Q(9); 0.04 wt.%) as compared to those of mice that were fed an E-free diet. The (Z,E/E,E) HODE ratio was increased in the plasma and erythrocytes of mice that were fed a Q(9)-fortified diet as compared to those that were fed an E-free diet. In particular, the (Z,E/E,E) HODE ratios in the plasma and brain were significantly correlated with the concentrations of ubiquinol-9 (Q(9)H(2)). Further, the liver and brain levels of tHODE and 8-iso-PGF(2alpha) were significantly correlated with the plasma and erythrocyte levels of tHODE and 8-iso-PGF(2alpha), respectively, and in some cases, also exhibited significant correlations with antioxidants. These results indicate that the plasma and erythrocyte levels of tHODE and its stereoisomeric ratio can be prominent biomarkers for the evaluation of the oxidative status and antioxidant capacity in vivo, including in the liver and brain, and that CoQ plays a major role in the in vivo antioxidant network.
We evaluated the psychometric properties of a new gout-specific patient reported outcomes questionnaire. The Gout Assessment Questionnaire (GAQ) and the SF-36 were administered to 126 subjects in a multicenter Phase II program of febuxostat, an investigational treatment for hyperuricemia (serum uric acid >8.0 mg/dl) in patients with chronic gout. The questionnaire was administered at baseline and 1, 6 and 12 months later. The majority of subjects, mean age 54 years, were male, Caucasian and had experienced a gout flare within the last year. Seven domains were identified, all met criteria for reliability and validity. Cronbach's alpha ranged from 0.78 to 0.97. Pearson correlations between GAQ and SF-36 scales were generally low to moderate, with the highest correlation between Gout Pain and Severity and SF-36 Bodily Pain, r = 0.45. Guyatt's statistic (measure of responsiveness) ranged from 0.24 to 1.00 at 12 months. Minimal clinically important differences ranged from 2 (Gout Concern) to 10 points (Productivity). The GAQ has acceptable psychometric properties. Further research is required to confirm results, which may provide more information to improve the GAQ for use in clinical trials.
Alcohol, one of the most frequently reported addictions, is a significant public health problem in the USA. Early identification is important and would aid in intervention for the pregnant woman who continues to drink and for the affected infant. To date, there isn't a definitive test which identifies either alcohol abuse during pregnancy or newborns exposed to alcohol prenatally. The existing biomarkers can detect varying degrees of alcohol exposure but further research is needed to improve sensitivity/specificity and to validate these markers.
OBJECTIVE: To validate intakes of protein, folic acid, retinol and n-3 fatty acids estimated from a food-frequency questionnaire in week 25 of pregnancy (FFQ-25). DESIGN: Validation was done against a 7-day weighed food diary (FD) and biomarkers of the nutrients in gestation week 32-38. SUBJECTS AND SETTING: The FFQ-25 to be validated was used in the Danish National Birth Cohort comprising 101 042 pregnant Danish women, of whom 88 participated in the present validation study. RESULTS: Estimated intakes of protein, retinol and folic acid did not differ significantly between the two dietary methods, but intake of n-3 fatty acids was one third larger when estimated from the FFQ-25. The intakes estimated from the two dietary methods were all significantly correlated, ranging from 0.20 for retinol intake to 0.57 for folic acid intake. Sensitivities of being correctly classified into low and high quintiles were between 0.22 and 0.77, and specificities were between 0.62 and 0.89. Urinary protein content did not correlate significantly with protein estimated from the FFQ (r = 0.17, P > 0.05), but did with intake estimated from the FD (r = 0.56, P < 0.0001). Erythrocyte folate correlated significantly with the estimated total intake from the FFQ (r = 0.55, P < 0.0001) and the FD (r = 0.52, P < 0.0001). No correlations with plasma retinol were found. Erythrocyte eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5n-3) correlated significantly with n-3 fatty acids intake estimated from both the FFQ-25 (r = 0.37, P < 0.001) and the FD (r = 0.62, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: The FFQ-25 gives reasonable valid estimates of protein, retinol and folic acid intakes, but seems to overestimate intake of n-3 fatty acids. 
OBJECTIVES: To describe the development and validation of low literacy English and Spanish versions of the 26-item Telemedicine Satisfaction and Usefulness Questionnaire (TSUQ), report telemedicine satisfaction and usefulness ratings of urban and rural participants in the Informatics for Diabetes Education and Telemedicine (IDEATel) project, and explore relationships between utilization and perceptions of satisfaction and usefulness. METHODS: Data sources included TSUQ, utilization data from IDEATel log files, and sociodemographic data from the annual IDEATel interview. Psychometric analyses were conducted to examine the reliability and validity of TSUQ. Data were analyzed using descriptive, correlational techniques. RESULTS: The principal components factor analysis extracted two factors (Video Visits, alpha=.96, and Use and Impact, alpha=.92) that explained 63.6% of the variance in TSUQ satisfaction scores. All satisfaction and usefulness items had mean scores of greater than 4 on a 5-point scale. Those from urban areas reported significantly higher ratings on both factors than rural participants as did those who did not know how to use a computer at baseline. Mean frequency of utilization of IDEATel components was highest for blood sugar testing followed by web site for reviewing results, blood pressure testing, video visits, and ADA educational Web pages. Associations between utilization and perceptions of satisfaction and usefulness varied among IDEATel components. CONCLUSION: Psychometric analyses support the construct validity and internal consistency reliability of TSUQ, which is available in both English and Spanish at a readability level of 8th grade. Both rural and urban participants reported high levels of satisfaction and found all IDEATel components useful. Further work is needed to examine the relationships between utilization and perceptions of satisfaction and usefulness and to explore the effects of location (urban versus rural) and ethnicity on satisfaction with telemedicine services. 
OBJECTIVE: Women with a moderate intake of alcohol have higher concentrations of sex steroids in serum, and higher risk of developing breast cancer, compared to non-drinkers. In the present study, we investigate the relationships between alcohol consumption and serum levels of sex steroids and sex-hormone binding globulin (SHBG) in 790 pre- and 1,291 post-menopausal women, who were part of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC). METHODS: Serum levels of testosterone (T), androstenedione (Delta4), dehydroepiandrosterone sulphate (DHEAS), estrone (E1), estradiol (E2) and SHBG were measured by direct immunoassays. Free T (fT) and free E2 (fE2) were calculated according to mass action laws. Current alcohol intake exposure to alcohol was assessed from dietary questionnaires. RESULTS: Pre-menopausal women who consumed more than 25 g/day of alcohol had about 30% higher DHEAS, T and fT, 20% higher Delta4 and about 40% higher E1, concentrations compared to women who were non-consumers. E2, fE2 and SHBG concentrations showed no association with current alcohol intake. In post-menopausal women, DHEAS, fT, T, Delta4, and E1 concentrations were between 10% and 20% higher in women who consumed more than 25 g/day of alcohol compared to non-consumers. E2 or fE2 were not associated with alcohol intake at all. SHBG levels were about 15% lower in alcohol consumers compared to non-consumers. CONCLUSION: This study supports the hypothesis of an influence of alcohol intake on sex hormone concentrations in blood. 
INTRODUCTION: Oxidative stress induced by reactive oxygen species (ROS) is associated with the risk of osteoporosis, and can be reduced by certain dietary antioxidants. Lycopene is an antioxidant known to decrease the risk of age-related chronic diseases, such as cancer. However, the role of lycopene in osteoporosis has not yet been investigated. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a cross-sectional study, 33 postmenopausal women aged 50-60 years provided seven-day dietary records and blood samples. Serum samples were used to measure serum lycopene, lipid peroxidation, protein thiols, bone alkaline phosphatase (BAP), and cross-linked N-telopeptides of type I collagen (NTx). The serum lycopene per kilogram body weight of the participants was grouped into quartiles and associated with the above serum parameters using one-way ANOVA and the Newman-Keuls post-test. RESULTS: The results showed that groups with higher lycopene intake, as determined from the dietary records, had higher serum lycopene (p<0.02). A higher serum lycopene was found to be associated with a low NTx (p<0.005). Similarly, groups with higher serum lycopene had lower protein oxidation (p<0.05). DISCUSSION: In conclusion, these results suggest that the dietary antioxidant lycopene reduces oxidative stress and the levels of bone turnover markers in postmenopausal women, and may be beneficial in reducing the risk of osteoporosis. 
To examine dietary intakes in relation to long-term serum lipoprotein changes in a prospective cohort study with 7 y of follow-up, serum lipids were analyzed by enzymatic methods, while food intake was calculated from validated food frequency questionnaires. First- and second-generation Japanese-Brazilians (n = 316) living in Bauru, So Paulo/Brazil, of both genders, aged 40 to 79 y were assessed at baseline in 1993. Multiple linear regression models were used with changes in serum lipoproteins as the dependent variable and changes in dietary intakes as the independent variables, adjusted for confounding factors. In energy-adjusted analyses, changes in serum total cholesterol were inversely associated with changes in total dietary fiber, fruits/fruit juices and vegetables after adjustment for age and gender. Each increase of 10 g in the consumption of total dietary fiber was associated with a reduction of 12.5 mg/dL in the serum total cholesterol (p<0.05). Our results highlight the importance of increased intakes of total fiber, fruits and vegetables to prevent and control dyslipidemia in Japanese migrants.
AIMS: This study aims to investigate the relationship between ethanol daily intake (EDI) and the levels of ethyl glucuronide in hair. DESIGN: Ethyl glucuronide concentration was determined in hair samples from different classes of ethanol drinkers and results were compared with the reported information about drinking habits. SETTING: Pavia, Italy. PARTICIPANTS: Twenty-two known alcoholics, 21 volunteers self-reporting an EDI from 2 to 60 g, and seven teetotallers were involved in this study. MEASUREMENTS: Ethyl glucuronide determination in hair samples was performed by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (limit of detection: 2 pg/mg, lower limit of quantification: 3 pg/mg). FINDINGS: Current known alcoholics (n = 21) had ethyl glucuronide hair concentration in the range 4.0-434.7 pg/mg (average: 62.8, median 37.4 pg/mg); ethyl glucuronide was not detected in hair samples from teetotallers (n = 7); all volunteers reporting an EDI of at least 30 g ('non-moderate drinkers' according to the US Department of Health and Human Services) tested positive for ethyl glucuronide (cut-off: 4 pg/mg). All volunteers declaring an ethanol daily intake higher than 40 g ('heavy drinkers' according to the World Health Organization, Regional Committee for Europe) tested positive for this compound (cut-off: 5 pg/mg). The application of a cut-off of either 4 pg/mg or 5 pg/mg resulted in one false positive, coming from a volunteer asserting an ethanol daily intake of 30 g. No false negatives were found. CONCLUSIONS: The concentration of ethyl glucuronide in hair appears to correlate with EDI. 
alpha-Tocopherol from foods has been associated with protection against several chronic diseases and maintenance of immune function. However, most people do not meet current recommendations for intake. We examined alpha-tocopherol intake and plasma concentration in a representative sample of Puerto Rican and Dominican older adults (n = 447) and in neighborhood-matched non-Hispanic whites (n = 155). A validated food frequency questionnaire was used to assess dietary intake. Mean dietary intakes of alpha-tocopherol were 6 mg in both ethnicities. Only 4.7% of women and 7.9% of men met the estimated average requirement (12 mg/d) for vitamin E from food alone. Top sources of alpha-tocopherol for Hispanics included oils and milk, and for non-Hispanic whites they were ready-to-eat breakfast cereal and sweet baked products. Mean plasma alpha-tocopherol concentrations were 24.5 micromol/L for Hispanics and 25.8 micromol/L for non-Hispanic whites (P > 0.05). Plasma alpha-tocopherol was positively associated with alpha-tocopherol intake (P = 0.003), and significance remained after adjusting covariates and after exclusion of supplement users (P for trend = 0.008). We identified the following 5 dietary patterns by cluster analysis: 1) fruit and breakfast cereal, 2) starchy vegetables, 3) rice, 4) milk and milk products, and 5) sweets. Those following the sweets pattern had the lowest plasma alpha-tocopherol relative to those following the fruit and breakfast cereal or milk patterns (P < 0.05 for all), although they had similar intakes. A large proportion of these elders (>90%) have inadequate intake of alpha-tocopherol, and plasma concentrations were associated with intake patterns.
OBJECTIVES: In utero exposure to high levels of endogenous estrogens has been hypothesized to increase breast cancer risk in later life. A high intake of soy has been suggested to protect against breast cancer. We examined the hypothesis that maternal soy intake may be inversely associated with pregnancy hormone levels. METHODS: The concentrations of hormones (estradiol, estriol, and testosterone) and isoflavones (genistein, deidzein, and equol) were measured in the maternal urine and serum, and umbilical cord blood of 194 women during pregnancy and at delivery. Soy intake during pregnancy was assessed by 5-day diet records at approximately the 29th week of pregnancy. RESULTS: High correlations were observed for isoflavone levels between maternal samples and umbilical cord blood, indicating that isoflavone can be transferred from the maternal to the fetal compartment. None of the hormones measured in umbilical cord blood was significantly associated with any of the isoflavones measured. There were a few significant associations between maternal hormone levels and isoflavone measures during pregnancy, but their patterns of associations varied by gestational week and differed depending on whether isoflavone exposure was measured by diet records, urine or serum. CONCLUSION: Our data contain no strong evidence showing that soy intake affects hormone levels during pregnancy. 
BACKGROUND: Alcohol abuse has been shown to result in the production of antibodies against acetaldehyde-modified epitopes in proteins. However, as yet, only limited information has been available on the clinical usefulness of such responses as markers of hazardous drinking. METHODS: We developed an ELISA to measure specific IgAs against acetaldehyde-protein adducts. This method was evaluated in cross-sectional and follow-up studies on male heavy drinkers with a current ethanol consumption of 40 to 540 g/d (n=40), moderate drinkers consuming 1 to 40 g/d (n=25), and abstainers (n=16). The clinical assessments included detailed interviews on the amounts and patterns of ethanol consumption and various biochemical markers of alcohol abuse and liver function. RESULTS: The mean antiadduct IgAs (198+/-28 U/L) in the alcohol abusers were significantly higher than those in the moderate drinkers (58+/-11 U/L, p<0.001) or abstainers (28+/-8 U/L, p<0.001). The values of moderate drinkers were also higher than those in abstainers (p<0.05). The amount of ethanol consumed during the period of 1 month preceding blood sampling correlated strongly with antiadduct IgAs (r=0.67, p<0.001). The sensitivity (73%) and specificity (94%) of this marker were found to exceed those of the conventional laboratory markers of alcohol abuse in comparisons contrasting heavy drinkers with abstainers although not in comparisons contrasting heavy drinkers with moderate drinkers. During abstinence, antiadduct IgAs disappeared with a mean rate of 3% per day. In additional analyses of possible marker combinations, antiadduct IgAs, together with CDT, were found to provide the highest sensitivity and specificity. CONCLUSIONS: Measurements of antiadduct IgAs may provide a new clinically useful marker of alcohol abuse, providing a close relationship between marker levels and the actual amounts of recent ethanol ingestion. 
The objective of the present study is to demonstrate the effect of nucleotide intake and intensive nutritional support on the concentration of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and other hormonal biomarkers in severely malnourished children. Twenty-six severely malnourished children < 48 months of age received formula without lactose via enteral feeding for 2 weeks and ad libitum for an additional 2 weeks. Anthropometrical measurements were performed and serum concentrations of IGF-I, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3), leptin, soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R), as well as the estimated molar excess of sOB-R over leptin were obtained. Two groups were formed. One group received formula with nucleotides (NT+; n 13) and the other without nucleotides (NT-; n 13). A control group was included (n 13). Parametric and non-parametric tests as well as ANOVA models were used. Nutritional recovery, nucleotides intake, type of malnutrition, age and the interaction between gender and malnutrition influenced the concentration of IGF-I (P < 0.001). Nutritional recovery, nucleotides intake, gender and type of malnutrition had an effect on IGFBP-3 (P < 0.001). Nutritional recovery had a significant effect on serum leptin (P = 0.001). Age and nutritional recovery had an effect on sOB-R (P < 0.001); all variables included affected the molar excess of sOB-R over leptin (P < 0.001). In conclusion, nucleotide intake and nutritional recovery had a notable effect on IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and other hormonal biomarkers. This outcome could stimulate the catch-up growth of severely malnourished infants and toddlers during the nutritional recovery period.
BACKGROUND: In several short-term studies, coffee consumption has been associated with impairment of endothelial function. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the relation between long-term caffeinated and decaffeinated filtered coffee consumption and markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 730 healthy women and 663 women with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses' Health Study I cohort, who were aged 43-70 y and free of cardiovascular disease and cancer at the time blood was drawn (1989-1990). Dietary intake was assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire in 1986 and 1990. RESULTS: About 77% of the healthy women consumed > or =1 cup (237 mL) caffeinated coffee/mo and 75% consumed > or =1 cup decaffeinated coffee/mo; the corresponding intakes for women with type 2 diabetes were 74% and 63%, respectively. In healthy women, no appreciable differences in plasma concentrations of the markers were found across categories of caffeinated coffee intake. In women with type 2 diabetes, higher caffeinated coffee consumption was associated with lower plasma concentrations of E-selectin (adjusted percentage change per 1 cup/d increment = -3.2%; P = 0.05) and C-reactive protein (adjusted percentage change = -10.2%; P < 0.001). Higher decaffeinated coffee consumption was associated with lower plasma concentrations of E-selectin (adjusted percentage change = -2.5%; P = 0.08) and C-reactive protein (adjusted percentage change = -7.9%; P = 0.02) only in healthy women. The results were similar when we also adjusted the models for other dietary factors and blood lipids and when we excluded participants with hypertension or hypercholesterolemia. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that neither caffeinated nor decaffeinated filtered coffee has a detrimental effect on endothelial function. In contrast, the results suggest that coffee consumption is inversely associated with markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. 
Consumption of fish rich in n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), such as docosahexaenoic acid, is suggested to reduce colorectal cancer risk through inhibition of the arachidonic acid (AA) cascade related to tumorigenesis and cell proliferation. High intake of saturated fatty acids (SFAs) may increase the risk. To examine associations between colorectal cancer risk and fatty acid compositions in erythrocyte membranes, as biomarkers for dietary intakes of fish, fat, and fatty acids, we conducted a case-control study with 74 incident cases and 221 noncancer controls (matched by age, sex, and season of sample collection). Erythrocyte fatty acids were measured using an accelerated solvent extraction and a gas-liquid chromatography. Colorectal cancer had no association with dietary intakes of meat, fish, fat, and fatty acids. However, the risk was inversely associated with erythrocyte compositions of docosahexaenoic acid, AA, and PUFAs [the highest to the lowest tertile, odds ratios, 0.36, 0.42, and 0.15; 95% confidence intervals, 0.14-0.93, 0.18-0.95, and 0.05-0.46; P(trend) < 0.05, respectively] and positively with those of palmitic acid, SFAs, and the ratio of SFAs/PUFAs (odds ratios, 6.46, 8.20, and 9.45; 95% confidence intervals, 2.41-17.26, 2.86-23.52, and 2.84-31.43; P(trend) < 0.005, respectively). In conclusion, we could clearly show decreased and increased risks for colorectal cancer related to PUFAs and SFAs compositions in erythrocyte membranes, respectively, but further research is needed to investigate the discrepancy between our findings and the generally accepted role of the AA cascade.
Concerns about the carcinogenic and endocrine-disrupting characteristics of organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) have led to a global ban on OCP use. However, OCPs persist in the environment for decades because of their long half-life. We evaluated serum levels of OCPs and their correlations with usual dietary intake and other lifestyle factors among 250 healthy women who participated as controls in the Shanghai Breast Cancer Study. Serum levels of hexachlorocyclohexane isomers (alpha-HCH, beta-HCH, gamma-HCH), dichloro-di-phenyl-trichloroethane (DDT) isomers (p,p'-DDE and p,p'-DDT), hexachlorobenzene (HCB), trans-nonachlor (TNC), and eight polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) congeners (IUPAC no. 74, 118, 138, 153, 170, 180, 183, and 187) were measured. Lifestyle factors and usual dietary habits over the past 5 years were assessed through an in-person interview. With the exception of PCB, total OCP levels in our study population were significantly higher than those observed in other countries. Age, income, body mass index, waist-to-hip ratio, number of pregnancies, and/or total duration of breastfeeding were all significantly correlated with all types of OCPs. Of the 20 food groups evaluated, correlations with serum total OCPs were observed for eggs (r=0.13), fresh beans (r=-0.17), tea (r=0.14), and animal fat (r=0.18). Multiple regression analyses showed that age and animal fat intake were positively associated with serum total level OCPs, while leafy vegetable and fresh bean consumption was negatively associated with OCPs level. Our study suggests that dietary intake may be an important contributor of serum levels of OCPs in Chinese women.
BACKGROUND: Left ventricular mass is a risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Although factors associated with elevated left ventricular mass have been sought and studied extensively in elderly and in diseased subjects, few studies have examined the young and healthy. The aim of this study was to examine the possible influence of lifestyle on left ventricular mass in a large group of young men. METHODS: Left ventricular mass was assessed using cardiovascular magnetic resonance in 541 healthy Caucasian male army recruits. Anthropometric, lifestyle and blood pressure data were collected. RESULTS: Mean unadjusted left ventricular mass and left ventricular mass indexed to body surface area were 163.8+/-24.9 g and 86.6+/-10.2 g m(-2) respectively. In univariate analysis, age, height, weight, alcohol consumption, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure and indices of physical activity were positively associated with unadjusted left ventricular mass (all P<0.02). By contrast, smoking was associated with lower mean left ventricular mass; never smoked 167.5+/-25.8 g vs ex-smokers 159.1+/-25.2 g vs current smokers 161.0+/-23.1 g (P=0.007). Multivariate analysis revealed weight, systolic blood pressure, smoking status and indices of physical activity to be independent predictors of left ventricular mass. CONCLUSIONS: Our data confirm an association of age, body weight, height, physical activity, diastolic and systolic blood pressure with left ventricular mass. In addition, unexpectedly, we have found smoking is associated with lower left ventricular mass in a large sample of young healthy men. Although the latter association may result from confounding effects, such an interesting observation deserves further investigation. 
BACKGROUND: Oxidized phospholipids (OxPL) are pro-inflammatory. We evaluated whether changes in plasma levels of OxPL associated with apolipoprotein B-100 (apoB-100) reflect changes in OxPL content in atherosclerotic plaques during dietary-induced atherosclerosis progression and regression. METHODS AND RESULTS: OxPL content was measured in plasma and immunohistochemically in aortic plaques with antibody E06 in cynomolgus monkeys and New Zealand White rabbits at baseline, after a high-fat/high-cholesterol diet and after reversion to normal chow. The OxPL/apoB ratio, representing the content of OxPL on individual apoB-100 particles, and Total apoB-OxPL (OxPL/apoB multiplied by plasma apoB levels), reflecting the OxPL content on all apoB-100 particles, were measured. Total apoB-OxPL plasma levels increased 3-fold (P<0.0001) during hypercholesterolemia and decreased approximately 75% (P<0.0001) during reversion to normocholesterolemia. In contrast, OxPL/apoB levels decreased significantly (P<0.0001) during hypercholesterolemia and increased significantly (P=0.0002) during reversion to normocholesterolemia. Immunostaining revealed that during atherosclerosis progression OxPL co-localized with apoB-100, whereas during regression OxPL virtually disappeared. CONCLUSIONS: In the setting of overall reduction of plasma OxPL levels after dietary lipid-lowering, increases in the OxPL/apoB ratio reflect reduced content of OxPL in atherosclerotic plaques. These data suggest that changes in the OxPL/apoB ratio may reflect early atherosclerosis regression. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) is involved in intracellular folate homeostasis and metabolism. We assessed 2 polymorphisms in the MTHFR gene (C677T and A1298C) in relation to colorectal adenoma recurrence and conducted analyses to investigate their joint effects with plasma and dietary markers of folate status. METHODS: We prospectively analyzed data from 1598 individuals genotyped for the C677T polymorphism and 1583 with data on A1298C. RESULTS: Among nonusers of multivitamin supplements, compared with wild-type carriage, higher odds of recurrence were observed for those with the 677 TT variant (odds ratio [OR], 1.66; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.04-2.63) and a nonsignificant increase was observed among those with the 1298 CC variant (OR, 1.50; 95% CI, 0.93-2.40). Diplotype analyses among nonusers of multivitamins showed that individuals who carry the MTHFR 677TT_1298AA or 677CC_1298CC combination were significantly more likely to have a recurrence compared with those with the double wild-type (OR, 2.05 for TT_AA and 1.85 for CC_CC). Higher odds of recurrence were observed among participants with low folate intake or plasma folate and the 677 TT or 1298 CC variants compared with those with lower levels and the wild-type or heterozygous genotypes. Stronger associations were shown for the combination of high homocysteine and the 677 TT variant (OR, 2.29; 95% CI, 1.00-5.26) but not the 1298 CC variant (OR, 1.09; 95% CI, 0.39-3.01). CONCLUSIONS: We propose that the effect of the MTHFR genotypes on increasing risk of adenoma recurrence in the presence of a low folate status is through their increase in homocysteine concentrations, which in turn could result in DNA hypomethylation via pathways involving S-adenosylhomocysteine. 
The objective of the study was to determine the relationship between cadmium (Cd) intake and cadmium toxicity indicators by meta-analysis of literature data, in particular beta2-microglobulin (beta2MC), and to compare the results with the current Provisional Tolerable Weekly Intake (PTWI) set by FAO/WHO. The literature survey identified 79 feeding trials involving 27,537 people that were suitable for extraction of cadmium intake, levels in blood and urine and beta2-microglobulin in urine. There was an exponential increase in beta2-microglobulin with increases in cadmium intake above 302 micro g/day, which corresponds to a PTWI of 3.02 micro g/kg of body weight, when a safety margin of 10 is included. This compares with the current level set by FAO/WHO of 7 micro g/kg of body weight. Cadmium in blood and urine were also positively related to cadmium intake and participants' age. There were two principal components of variation in the data set, first: cadmium intake, concentrations of cadmium in blood, urine and beta2-microglobulin in urine, and second: duration and age of exposure.
Age and gender are related to human dietary habits, which affect serum levels of dioxin-like compounds via body fat content. This study examined whether different dietary patterns and body fat content were associated with serum polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/F) concentrations for different age groups of Taiwanese subjects. In total, 1165 volunteers completed a semi-quantitative food-consumption frequency questionnaire for serum PCDD/Fs analysis. In the elderly (age, >45 years), a significant positive multivariate-adjusted association was identified between serum PCDD/F levels and sea fish intake. Additionally, consumption of tofu was negatively correlated with serum PCDD/F levels. This study also found a negative correlation between tofu intake and body fat content in the elderly. It seems that when elderly people ingested considerable amounts of soybean protein, such as tofu, they typically had low serum PCDD/Fs levels in relation to reduced body fat content and induction of metabolic enzymes. The relationship between tofu intake, metabolic enzymes, and serum PCDD/F accumulations warrants further investigated previously to recommend how to prevent PCDD/F accumulations via intake of soybean products.
BACKGROUND: Red meat consumption is associated with an increased risk of colon cancer. Animal studies show that heme, found in red meat, promotes preneoplastic lesions in the colon, probably due to the oxidative properties of this compound. End products of lipid peroxidation, such as 4-hydroxynonenal metabolites or 8-iso-prostaglandin-F(2)alpha (8-iso-PGF(2)alpha), could reflect this oxidative process and could be used as biomarkers of colon cancer risk associated with heme intake. METHODS: We measured urinary excretion of 8-iso-PGF(2)alpha and 1,4-dihydroxynonane mercapturic acid (DHN-MA), the major urinary metabolite of 4-hydroxynonenal, in three studies. In a short-term and a carcinogenesis long-term animal study, we fed rats four different diets (control, chicken, beef, and blood sausage as a high heme diet). In a randomized crossover human study, four different diets were fed (a 60 g/d red meat baseline diet, 120 g/d red meat, baseline diet supplemented with heme iron, and baseline diet supplemented with non-heme iron). RESULTS: DHN-MA excretion increased dramatically in rats fed high heme diets, and the excretion paralleled the number of preneoplastic lesions in azoxymethane initiated rats (P < 0.0001). In the human study, the heme supplemented diet resulted in a 2-fold increase in DHN-MA (P < 0.001). Urinary 8-iso-PGF(2)alpha increased moderately in rats fed a high heme diet (P < 0.0001), but not in humans. CONCLUSION: Urinary DHN-MA is a useful noninvasive biomarker for determining the risk of preneoplastic lesions associated with heme iron consumption and should be further investigated as a potential biomarker of colon cancer risk. 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the potential health benefits of onions consumed at two levels of intake, using the pig model. The dietary fat content was set at a level typical of a "western" diet (25% w/w). Fifteen female and fifteen male pigs (Large White x Landrace) were allocated to one of three dietary treatments in a randomised block design. Treatments consisted of control diet (no onion) and onion supplementation at either 8.6 or 21.4 g of onion/MJ DE fed for six weeks. Onion consumption reduced plasma triglyceride levels by 15% (P=0.030) regardless of sex and onion dose. Total plasma cholesterol and cholesterol fractions were unaffected by onion supplementation (P>0.050). The bioactivity of onion was evident in haematocrit measures, where red blood cell and haemoglobin were significantly reduced in a dose dependant manner (P<0.001 and P=0.011, respectively), while other cell counts, with exception of segmented neutrophils (-18%, P=0.012), were largely unaffected. Serum oxidative status was improved (P=0.007) in pigs consuming onions. These data demonstrate that consumption of onions can have positive health effects in both male and female pigs consuming a high fat diet.
BACKGROUND: n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) convey several health benefits, including a reduction of serum concentration of triglycerides (TG). AIM: To examine the effect on blood lipids, particularly TG, of a diet with n-3 PUFA enriched eggs in healthy volunteers in the Seychelles (Indian Ocean). METHODS: Double-blind crossover trial with one group of volunteers fed with 5 normal eggs per week during 3 weeks followed by 5 enriched eggs per week during the next 3 weeks while the other group received eggs in the inverse sequence. Hen feed was supplemented at 5% with tuna oil. Enriched eggs contained nine times more n-3 PUFA than usual eggs (mainly docosahexaenoic acid). RESULTS: Twenty-five healthy volunteers participated in the study. Based on pooled results observed during the two 3-week periods, consumption of enriched eggs was associated with a significant 16-18% decrease in serum triglycerides (P<0.01) but with no significant difference in serum LDL-cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol. Serum LDL-cholesterol increased during the first 3-week period and decreased during the second 3-week period with both normal and enriched eggs. Participants did not report a systematic preference for either type of eggs. CONCLUSIONS: Reasonable consumption of n-3 PUFA enriched eggs was associated with a significant decrease in serum triglycerides. These eggs could be a palatably acceptable source of n-3 PUFA. 
The main objective of this article was to study how the excretion of saturated fatty acids (SFA) is modified after the consumption of a high-saturated-fat diet that was supplemented with phytosterol and pectin. We present the results of a longitudinal 4-week study on guinea pigs. Diets were supplemented with 0.33% of cholesterol and differed in the content of pectin (three levels) and of phytosterols (three levels). Seventy-two female Dunkin Hartley guinea pigs were randomly assigned to the treatment groups (8 animals/group). Addition of phytosterol resulted in a decrease of lauric (12:0) and myristic (14:0) excretions and in an increase of arachidic (20:0) and behenic (22:0) excretions. Palmitic (16:0) and stearic (18:0) acids did not show a clear change after phytosterol supplementation. Addition of pectin resulted in a decreased excretion of all SFA, although this was not significant. These results suggest that phytosterols added to a high-saturated-fat diet enhance the absorption of the most atherogenic fatty acids (lauric and myristic) after 1 week of treatment, as compared with the high-saturated-fat diet alone.
OBJECTIVE: Children participating in a dietary clinical trial were studied to (1) assess physical activity patterns in boys and girls longitudinally from late childhood through puberty and (2) determine the association of level of physical activity on systolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and BMI. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In the Dietary Intervention Study in Childhood, a randomized clinical trial of a reduced saturated fat and cholesterol diet in 8- to 10-year-olds with elevated low-density lipoprotein, a questionnaire that determined time spent in 5 intensity levels of physical activity was completed at baseline and at 1 and 3 years. An estimated-metabolic-equivalent score was calculated for weekly activity; hours per week were calculated for intense activities. We hypothesized that weekly self-reported physical activity would be associated with lower systolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein, and BMI over 3 years. Longitudinal data analyses were performed for each outcome (systolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein, and BMI) by using generalized estimating equations with estimated-metabolic-equivalent score per week as the independent variable adjusted for visit, gender, and Tanner stage (BMI was included in models for systolic blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein). RESULTS: The initial study cohort comprised 663 youths (362 boys [mean age: 9.7 years] and 301 girls [mean age: 9.0 years], of whom 623 (94%) completed the 3-year visit. For every 100 estimated-metabolic-equivalent hours of physical activity, there was a decrease of 1.15 mmHg of systolic blood pressure. There was a 1.28 mg/dL decline in low-density lipoprotein for a similar energy expenditure. For BMI, an analysis of intense physical activity showed that for every 10 hours of intense activity, there was a trend toward significance with a 0.2 kg/m2 decrease. CONCLUSIONS: Children with elevated cholesterol levels who lead a more physically active lifestyle have lower systolic blood pressure and a trend toward lower low-density lipoprotein over a 3-year interval. Long-term participation in intense physical activity may reduce BMI as well. 
Long-chain omega-3 PUFA (LC n-3 PUFA) are beneficial for health. To date there is no specific food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to assess LC n-3 PUFA intakes. The objective of this study is to validate our newly developed FFQ by comparison with LC n-3 PUFA content of both red blood cells (RBC) and plasma, expressed as a percentage of total FA. Fifty-three healthy male and female subjects were recruited from Wollongong, Australia. Average LC n-3 PUFA intakes (mg/d) were estimated using the new FFQ. RBC and plasma FA were assessed using GC. Spearman correlation coefficients were used to assess the linear relationship between FFQ intakes and both RBC and plasma FA. The results show that there were significant Spearman's correlation coefficients between the FFQ intakes and RBC (and plasma) FA for total LC n-3 PUFA, EPA, and DHA (0.50 (0.54), 0.39 (0.54) and 0.40 (0.48), respectively) but not for docosapentaenoic acid. The FFQ was also an effective ranking tool. The FFQ is a valid method based on erythrocyte and plasma FA as biochemical markers. In conclusion, the new FFQ is a valid method that can be used to estimate the LC n-3 PUFA intake of adults.
BACKGROUND: Fruit, vegetable, and antioxidant intakes may reduce the risk of several insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-related chronic diseases, such as certain types of cancers and cardiovascular diseases. OBJECTIVE: This study investigated whether intakes of fruit, vegetables, and antioxidants (beta-carotene, lycopene, and vitamin C) are associated with plasma IGF-I and IGF-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) concentrations. DESIGN: Plasma IGF-I and IGFBP-3 concentrations were measured in 1542 healthy women by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. A self-administered semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire was used to estimate mean daily dietary intakes of fruit, vegetables, and antioxidants over the year preceding blood sampling. Multivariate analyses were performed by using generalized linear models to evaluate the association of quintiles of daily intakes with concentrations of growth factors. RESULTS: A higher intake of citrus fruit was associated with higher concentrations of IGF-I (215 ng/mL for quintile 5 compared with 205 ng/mL for quintile 1; P for trend = 0.04) and with lower concentrations of IGFBP-3 (4803 ng/mL for quintile 5 compared with 4960 ng/mL for quintile 1; P for trend = 0.04). Higher dietary vitamin C intake was associated with higher concentrations of IGF-I (214 ng/mL for quintile 5 compared with 204 ng/mL for quintile 1; P for trend = 0.02) and lower concentrations of IGFBP-3 (4813 ng/mL for quintile 5 compared with 4953 ng/mL for quintile 1; P for trend = 0.03). Total intake of fruit and vegetables and intakes of other botanical fruit and vegetable subgroups, beta-carotene, and lycopene were not related to either IGF-I or IGFBP-3 concentrations. CONCLUSION: Women with higher intakes of citrus fruit or dietary vitamin C tend to have higher plasma concentrations of IGF-I and lower plasma concentrations of IGFBP-3. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate the folate and vitamin B12 intakes estimated by a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) designed to be used in a case-control study on the association between maternal dietary intake and the risk of having a child with a congenital heart defect. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: The FFQ was filled out by 53 women of reproductive age. Immediately thereafter, blood samples were taken to determine serum folate, red blood cell (RBC) folate and serum vitamin B12 concentrations. Subsequently, three dietary 24-h recalls (24HR) were completed during a period of three successive weeks and used as a reference method. The recalls comprised two weekdays and one weekend day. Using the method of triads, validity coefficients were calculated by comparing nutrient intakes derived from the FFQ and 24HR with the corresponding nutritional biomarkers in blood. The validity coefficient is the correlation between the dietary intake reported by the FFQ and the unknown 'true' dietary intake. RESULTS: The comparison of B-vitamin intakes reported by the FFQ and the mean of the 24HR revealed deattenuated correlation coefficients of 0.98 for folate and 0.66 for vitamin B12. The correlation coefficients between the B-vitamin intakes estimated by the FFQ and concentrations of serum folate, RBC folate and serum vitamin B12 were 0.20, 0.28 and 0.21, respectively. The validity coefficients for serum folate, RBC folate and serum vitamin B12 were 0.94, 0.75 and 1.00, respectively. The estimated folate and vitamin B12 intakes were comparable with the results of the most recent Dutch food consumption survey. CONCLUSIONS: The adapted FFQ is a reliable tool to estimate the dietary intake of energy, macronutrients, folate and vitamin B12 in women of reproductive age. Therefore, this FFQ is suitable for the investigation of nutrient-disease associations in future. SPONSORSHIP: Funding was provided by the Netherlands Heart Foundation (Grant 2002.B027). 
BACKGROUND: Inflammation is a risk factor for mortality in patients with chronic renal failure (CRF). Prevention of extracellular fluid volume expansion and the use of certain drugs such as pentoxifylline (PF) may reduce inflammation and oxidative stress. The aim of this study is to analyze the effect of dietary sodium and PF treatment on the levels of inflammation and oxidative stress markers in rats with CRF. METHODS: CRF was induced in rats by 5/6 nephrectomy. Different groups of rats with CRF received low sodium (LNa, 0.01% sodium chloride [NaCl] in the diet), normal sodium (NNa, 0.05% NaCl in the diet), or high sodium diet (HNa, as in NNa plus 0.015% NaCl in the drinking water). An additional group received HNa plus PF treatment (25 mg/kg in the drinking water) for 60 days. Circulating creatinine, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), nitrites, thiols, malondialdehyde (MDA), and advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) were measured. RESULTS: Higher sodium intake was associated with higher serum creatinine levels (median; interquartile range), LNa, 1.255; 0.715, NNa, 1.305; 0.495, HNa, 2.015; 1.115 mg/dL (p < 0.05), TNF-alpha levels, LNa, 2.7; 23.6, NNa, 36.7; 47.7, HNa, 263.7; 126.5 pg/mL, and AOPP, LNa, 31.72; 7.55, NNa, 45.89; 9.38, HNa, 60.41; 37.42 microg/mL. MDA was not modified by sodium intake. PF treatment decreased serum TNF-alpha (151.7 pg/mL, p < 0.5) and AOPP (49.83 micromol/L, p < 0.03), and increased nitrites and thiols levels when compared with HNa rats. CONCLUSIONS: High sodium intake increases the serum concentration of inflammation and oxidative stress markers; these changes are prevented by PF treatment. 
Plasma phylloquinone (vitamin K1) concentration from non-fasted blood samples was examined by season, smoking status, socio-demographic factors and phylloquinone intake in a nationally representative sample of 1154 British individuals aged 19-64 years from the 2000-1 National Diet and Nutrition Survey. Geometric mean plasma phylloquinone concentration was 0.94 (95% CI 0.88, 1.00) nmol/l, with 95% of values in the range 0.10-8.72 nmol/l. Plasma phylloquinone concentrations of 530 men were significantly higher than those of 624 women (1.13 (95% CI 1.04, 1.22) v. 0.81 (95% CI 0.74, 0.88) nmol/l; P<0.001), independent of other factors. Women aged 19-34 years had significantly lower plasma phylloquinone concentration than their older counterparts. Women were also found to have lower plasma phylloquinone concentrations during summer compared with winter and spring (each P<0.01). In contrast, plasma phylloquinone concentration in men did not vary significantly by season or any of the socio-demographic or lifestyle factors. Plasma phylloquinone concentrations were positively correlated with phylloquinone intake in men and women (r 0.26 and 0.32 respectively; each P<0.001). Overall, forward stepwise multiple regression analysis revealed that 8% of the variation in plasma phylloquinone concentration was explained by phylloquinone intake, with a further 10% of its variation explained by plasma concentrations of gamma-tocopherol (6%) and retinyl palmitate (4%). After adjustment for age and corresponding nutrient intakes, plasma phylloquinone concentration was significantly associated (each P<0.01) with plasma concentrations of total and LDL-cholesterol, alpha- and gamma-tocopherols, retinyl palmitate, beta-carotene, lycopene and lutein plus zeaxanthin in men and women.
The total antioxidant capacity (TAC) of the diet may be an important tool to monitor the protective effect of plant foods in epidemiological studies. We developed a semi-quantitative FFQ for the assessment of dietary TAC by 3 different assays, i.e., Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC), total radical-trapping antioxidant parameter (TRAP) and ferric reducing-antioxidant power (FRAP). The FFQ consists of 53 questions about the major sources of dietary TAC in Northern Italy and was validated against a 3-d weighed food record (3D-WR) in 285 individuals (159 males and 126 females) aged 35-88 y and living in the province of Parma (Italy). Plasma TAC was also evaluated in a subgroup of subjects using the TEAC and FRAP assays. The FFQ was associated with 3D-WR (quadratic-weighted kappa = 0.49 for TEAC, 0.53 for TRAP, and 0.49 for FRAP; P < 0.0001) and proved reasonably accurate to classify individuals into quartiles of TAC intake. The FFQ had a good repeatability when readministered after 1 y in 55 subjects (quadratic-weighted kappa for intertertile agreement = 0.66 for TEAC, 0.70 for TRAP and 0.68 for FRAP; P < 0.0001). With both dietary instruments, the main contributors to TAC intake were coffee and tea in women and alcoholic beverages in men, followed by fruits and vegetables in both sexes. Plasma TAC and dietary TAC were not associated. In conclusion, our FFQ has the potential for being used to rank subjects on the basis of their antioxidant intake as determined by dietary TAC in large epidemiological studies. The FFQ should be validated in external populations before being used for research purposes.
Di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (DEHP) is a general-purpose plasticizer for polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and has become a ubiquitous environmental contaminant. It is suspected to be an endocrine disrupting/modulating substance in humans. Children are of special concern due to their developmental state. In our study we estimated the daily DEHP intake of 239 children aged 2-14 years by extrapolating from their urinary levels of the DEHP metabolites mono-(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5OH-MEHP), mono-(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-MEHP) and mono-(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (MEHP). We applied two calculation models based upon the volume and the creatinine-related urinary metabolite concentrations. Applying the volume- or the creatinine-based calculation model we determined a median daily DEHP intake of 7.8 or 4.3 microg/kgbody weight (bw)/day and a 95th percentile of 25.2 or 15.2 microg/kgbw/day. Three children (1%) exceeded the value of the tolerable daily intake (TDI) of the European Food Safety Authority of 50 microg/kgbw/day, while 7.5% or 3% (depending on the calculation model) exceeded the reference dose (RfD) of 20 microg/kgbw/day of the US Environmental Protection Agency. In general, DEHP exposure was decreasing with increasing age and boys had higher exposures than girls. Our findings suggest that the majority of the children in the general population is exposed to quantities of DEHP below the TDI and the RfD. However, many children scoop out the preventive limit values to a considerable degree and in individual cases we observed substantial transgressions. Younger children seem to be more severely burdened, which may be due to a higher food consumption related to their bw, mouthing behaviour and/or playing near the ground.
BACKGROUND: Three-day food recall and normalized protein nitrogen appearance calculation from pre- and postdialysis plasma urea are the most commonly used techniques to assess nutritional intake, but a 7-day dietary recall is probably more accurate to approach dietary intake in clinical practice. METHODS: A total of 99 hemodialyzed patients from two units were analyzed in a 7-day dietary record with a large range of age and without having any signs of malnutrition. Dietary protein intake was estimated from the recall and calculated (normalized protein catabolic rate) from urea kinetic modeling. Calorie intake and quality and repartition of nutrients were estimated from diaries. RESULTS: Repartition of nutrients was close to that of a reference population except for a lower glucidic contribution (glucide 47%, lipid 36%, protein 16%). Normalized protein catabolic rate and dietary protein intake were well correlated (R2 = 0.4), but a large variability existed from day to day, according to age (older patients are less variable) and day of dialysis (long or short interval). CONCLUSION: A large variation in alimentary intake exists from patient to patient and day to day. A 7-day evaluation of nutrient intake, dialysis adequacy, and nutritional parameters seems to be a good solution to guide dietetic counseling. 
OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of an antiatherogenic diet on maternal and cord blood concentrations of systemic biomarkers of endothelial cell activation, haemostasis and inflammation. DESIGN: Single blinded randomised controlled clinical trial. SETTING: Obstetric outpatient clinic and maternity unit of a university hospital in Norway. POPULATION: Nonsmoking pregnant women aged 21-38 years carrying a single fetus and with no previous pregnancy-related complications. METHODS: Subjects (n = 290) were randomised to continue their usual diet or to adopt a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol from gestational week 17-20 to birth. Soluble forms of cellular adhesion molecules, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) and haemostatic markers were measured at 17-20 weeks of gestation (baseline) and subsequently up to week 36. All the above, except CRP, were also measured in cord blood. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Concentrations of maternal and fetal biomarkers and maternal CRP. RESULTS: All biomarkers except CRP levels increased significantly during the study period in both the intervention and control groups. None of the maternal or fetal biomarkers were influenced by the intervention (P > 0.05) except for a tendency to lower concentrations of cord blood tissue plasminogen activator antigen in the intervention group compared with the control group, median (interquartile range) 5.4 ng/ml (3.1-7.7) versus 5.8 ng/ml (3.5-11.8), P = 0.05. CONCLUSION: An antiatherogenic diet in pregnancy did not significantly influence maternal or fetal blood concentrations of a range of biomarkers for inflammation. Thus, the previously reported effects of a cholesterol-lowering diet on maternal lipid profile and preterm delivery (<37 complete weeks of gestation) do not seem to involve changes in the systemic inflammatory responses of pregnancy. 
BACKGROUND: Chronic stress is associated with a dysfunctional hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis consisting on disturbances on the cortisol response and lipid metabolism. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the HPA axis activity in women from a Mediterranean area, comparing three different measurements: daily cortisol secretory variability, postprandial cortisol secretion and glucocorticoid feedback sensitivity. In addition, HPA axis disturbance is correlated with dietary habits and plasma fatty acid profiles. DESIGN: The participants were 41 women born during the first 6 months of 1960 and living in a Mediterranean area (Murcia, Spain). They were of normal weight, with a waist circumference of 80.5 +/- 9.3 cm. Their salivary cortisol levels, 7-day dietary record and plasma fatty acid profile were evaluated. Daily cortisol variability and postlunch cortisol secretion were recorded and a dexamethasone suppression test is performed in order to detect possible HPA disturbance. RESULTS: Both the methods used for HPA axis evaluation were positively correlated (r = 0.448, P = 0.004). Subjects with normal diurnal curves (high cortisol variability) showed significantly higher cortisol values in the morning and postprandial cortisol secretion than women with pathological curves (medium and low variability). Cortisol variability was inversely correlated with waist circumference (r = -0.312, P = 0.047), suggesting that a disturbed HPA axis response may lead to an android pattern of body fat distribution. Dietary fat and saturated fatty acid intake were lower in the high cortisol variability group, while monounsaturated fatty acid intake was higher (P < 0.05). No major differences were reported in plasma fatty acid profile. CONCLUSIONS: A disturbed HPA axis is associated with abdominal fat distribution and a higher content of fat and saturated fatty acids in the diet. Women who chose a dietary pattern closer to the Mediterranean diet, with high monounsaturated fatty acid intake, showed lower levels on HPA axis disturbance. 
Human, animal, and in vitro research indicates a beneficial effect of appropriate amounts of omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) on bone health. This is the first controlled feeding study in humans to evaluate the effect of dietary plant-derived n-3 PUFA on bone turnover, assessed by serum concentrations of N-telopeptides (NTx) and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BSAP). Subjects (n = 23) consumed each diet for 6 weeks in a randomized, 3-period crossover design: 1) Average American Diet (AAD; [34% total fat, 13% saturated fatty acids (SFA), 13% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), 9% PUFA (7.7% LA, 0.8% ALA)]), 2) Linoleic Acid Diet (LA; [37% total fat, 9% SFA, 12% MUFA, 16% PUFA (12.6% LA, 3.6% ALA)]), and 3) alpha-Linolenic Acid Diet (ALA; [38% total fat, 8% SFA, 12% MUFA, 17% PUFA (10.5% LA, 6.5% ALA)]). Walnuts and flaxseed oil were the predominant sources of ALA. NTx levels were significantly lower following the ALA diet (13.20 +/- 1.21 nM BCE), relative to the AAD (15.59 +/- 1.21 nM BCE) (p < 0.05). Mean NTx level following the LA diet was 13.80 +/- 1.21 nM BCE. There was no change in levels of BSAP across the three diets. Concentrations of NTx were positively correlated with the pro-inflammatory cytokine TNFalpha for all three diets. The results indicate that plant sources of dietary n-3 PUFA may have a protective effect on bone metabolism via a decrease in bone resorption in the presence of consistent levels of bone formation.
A cross sectional study of 107 women between 20 and 69 years old, living in the town of Cabildo, province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, which describes food intake and analyses its relation to their education, blood cholesterol and serum triglyceride levels. A food frequency questionnaire including questions regarding meal patterns and food use were completed by the participants. Questions regarding educational status were included. A nutritional risk score was created from nine food groups. Total blood cholesterol and serum triglyceride levels were determined. Average total blood cholesterol levels of the women who participated in the present study were higher (209 mg/dl) than those recommended by the National Cholesterol Education Program, while triglyceride values remained within the normal range (124 mg/dl). Total blood cholesterol levels increased with age. Bread, biscuits and cakes were consumed on a daily basis by 98% of the participants and dairy products by 92%, these being mainly full-fat. Meat and fast food intake were very high (96% and 100% respectively). Vegetable and fish intakes were higher among the more educated women. Mayonnaise (58%) and butter (43%) are popular as food dressings and bread spreads respectively, and sunflower oil was the most commonly used for cooking by 94% of the participants. Women with low educational levels (less than 7 years) had higher nutritional risk scores, and thus unhealthier dietary habits than those with more years of formal education. No statistically significant association was found between food groups and cholesterol or triglyceride levels.
To evaluate the criterion validity of the Birmingham Bowel and Urinary Symptoms Questionnaire (BBUSQ-22). Forty-four women presenting with urinary or bowel symptoms to a urogynaecology/functional bowel clinic, completed three disease-specific questionnaires (Birmingham Bowel and Urinary Symptoms Questionnaire, Sheffield Prolapse Symptoms Questionnaire and King's Health Questionnaire) and two generic questionnaires (SF-36 and EuroQol). Wilcoxon rank sum tests, Spearman's rank correlations and multiple regression analyses were undertaken. All clinically hypothesised correlations between the questionnaires' domains were found significant, and all domains hypothesised to be predictors of the BBUSQ-22 domains were proven to be prognostic, without explaining too much variability to doubt their uniqueness. The similarity among the measures has been proved without such relationships being too strong to call into question the distinctiveness of the concepts being measured. Overall, criterion validity is demonstrated, and the clinical usefulness of the addition this questionnaire makes to the area is highlighted.
PURPOSE: Lutein (L) and zeaxanthin (Z) are two dietary carotenoids that accumulate at the macula, where they are collectively known as macular pigment (MP). There is a biologically plausible rationale, with some supporting evidence, that MP may protect against age-related maculopathy (ARM). This study was undertaken to investigate the relationship between dietary intake of L and Z, serum concentrations of these carotenoids, and MP optical density in 828 healthy Irish subjects. METHODS: Dietary intake of L and Z was assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire, and serum concentrations of these carotenoids were quantified by high-performance liquid chromatography. MP optical density was measured psychophysically, using heterochromatic flicker photometry. Demographic data, lifestyle data, and general health status, were also recorded by questionnaire, with particular attention directed toward risk-factors (established and putative) for ARM. RESULTS: The relationships between MP optical density, serum concentrations of L (and Z), and dietary intake of L (and Z) were positive and statistically significant when analyzed for the entire study group (r = 0.136-0.303; P < 0.01 for all). Subjects with a clinically confirmed family history of ARM, current heavy cigarette smokers, subjects aged more than 53 years, and subjects with a body mass index (BMI) >27, did not demonstrate a positive and significant relationship between MP optical density and serum concentrations of Z (r = 0.041, r = 0.001, r = 0.074 and r = 0.082, respectively; P > 0.05 for all). However, there was a positive and significant relationship between MP optical density and serum concentrations of L in the presence of all these risk factors (r = 0.165 to 0.257), except for current heavy smokers (r = 0.042; P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: For subjects at increased risk of ARM (e.g., subjects with a clinically confirmed family history of ARM, current heavy cigarette smokers, subjects aged > 53 years and subjects with a BMI > 27) retinal capture and/or retinal stabilization of Z appears to be compromised, whereas retinal uptake and/or stabilization of L appears to be compromised in current heavy smokers only. Given the lack of MP in association with risk for ARM, the findings indicate that a retina predisposed to this condition may have an impaired ability to accumulate circulating Z. 
It has previously been reported that heat-treated carbohydrate rich foods may contain high levels of acrylamide resulting in consumers being inadvertently exposed to acrylamide. Acrylamide is mainly excreted in the urine as mercapturic acid derivatives of acrylamide and glycidamide. In a clinical study comprising of 53 subjects, the urinary excretion of these metabolites was determined using solid-phase extraction and liquid chromatography with positive electrospray MS/MS detection. The median (range) total excretion of acrylamide in urine during 24 h was 16 (7-47) microg acrylamide for non-smokers and 74 (38-106) microg acrylamide for smokers, respectively. It was found that the median intake estimate in the study based on 24 h dietary recall was 21 (13-178) and 26 (12-67) for non-smokers and smokers, respectively. The median dietary exposure to acrylamide was estimated to be 0.47 (range 0.17-1.16) microg/kg body weight per day. In a multiple linear regression analysis, the urinary excretion of acrylamide metabolites correlated statistically significant with intake of aspartic acid, protein, starch and coffee. Consumption of citrus fruits correlated negatively with excretion of acrylamide metabolites.
PURPOSE: To identify modifiable lifestyle factors associated with blood pressure among U.S. adolescents. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted of 4508 12-19-year-old respondents of the 1999-2002 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP) were measured and adjusted for gender, age, and height using z-scores (SBPZ and DBPZ). Body mass index (BMI) was adjusted for gender and age (BMIZ). Questionnaires were used to measure nutrient intake (carbohydrate, protein, saturated and unsaturated fat, sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium, fiber, and caffeine) and activities (physical activities and sedentary activities, including television watching). RESULTS: In the adjusted model (R2 = .115), SBPZ was higher by .022 standard deviation (SD) (95% confidence interval [CI]: .007-.038, equivalent to approximately .2 mmHg) per 1-hour increments in sedentary activities; higher by .244 SD (.198-.289, approximately 2.6 mmHg) per 1 SD of BMIZ; and lower by .099 SD (-.192 to -.006, approximately 1.1 mmHg) per 100 g of carbohydrate intake. Unexpectedly, BMIZ was negatively associated with DBPZ (-.078 per 1 SD, -.114 to -.043, approximately .9 mmHg). CONCLUSIONS: Among U.S. adolescents, sedentary activities and BMI are positively associated with SBP after adjustment for confounding factors and mediators, while BMI is negatively associated with DBP. If confirmed by further studies, population-based interventions aimed at sedentary activities may be practical approaches to decrease SBP and the risk of obesity among adolescents. 
BACKGROUND: Controversial results have been reported about the effects of alcoholism on the functionality of monocytes. In the present study we analyze the effects of chronic alcoholism on the intracellular production of inflammatory cytokines by peripheral blood (PB) monocytes. METHODS: Spontaneous and in vitro-stimulated production of interleukin (IL) 1alpha (TNFalpha) by PB monocytes was analyzed at the single level by flow cytometry in chronic alcoholics without liver disease and active ethanol (EtOH) intake (AWLD group), as well as in patients with alcohol liver cirrhosis (ALC group), who were either actively drinking (ALCET group) or with alcohol withdrawal (ALCAW group). RESULTS: A significantly increased spontaneous production of IL1beta, IL6, IL12, and TNFalpha was observed on PB monocytes among AWLD individuals. Conversely, circulating monocytes form ALCET patients showed an abnormally low spontaneous and stimulated production of inflammatory cytokines. No significant changes were observed in ALCAW group as regards production of IL1beta, IL6, IL12, and TNFalpha. CONCLUSION: Our results show an altered pattern of production of inflammatory cytokines in PB monocytes from chronic alcoholic patients, the exact abnormalities observed depending on both the status of EtOH intake and the existence of alcoholic liver disease. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate a detailed semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire designed to measure habitual fish and seafood consumption. DESIGN: Cross-sectional validation study using an independent biomarker of fish consumption. SETTING: Perth metropolitan area, Western Australia. SUBJECTS: Ninety-one healthy volunteers of both sexes aged 21-75 years. METHODS: Participants completed the questionnaire and provided a fasting blood sample for erythrocyte membrane omega-3 fatty acid (eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) analysis. The questionnaire was then validated by linear regression analysis of EPA and DHA levels on categories of fish and seafood and overall consumption, adjusted for age, sex, smoking status, body mass index (BMI) and alcohol intake. RESULTS: Regression coefficients were statistically significant for most fish and seafood items with both EPA and DHA. The strongest association was observed between oily fish and EPA, whereas no significant association was observed between lean fish and omega-3 fatty acids. Variation in omega-3 fatty acids was best accounted for by a model containing variables representing different categories of fish and seafood consumption (R (2) 0.484), rather than a single variable representing overall fish and seafood consumption (R (2) 0.313). CONCLUSIONS: This study confirms that the varying content of omega-3 fatty acids in foods are reflected in omega-3 biomarkers, and that the questionnaire is a valid measure of fish consumption that enables differentiation between cooking and processing methods and oily versus lean fish intake. 
Myocardial blood flow and oxygen consumption are heterogeneously distributed. Perfusion and myocardial oxygen consumption are closely correlated in the normal heart. It is unknown how this metabolism-perfusion relation is influenced by sympathetic denervation. We investigated this question in seven chloralose-anaesthetized dogs, 3-4 weeks after regional sympathetic denervation of the left circumflex coronary artery area of supply of the left ventricle. Measurements were made of local myocardial blood flow (MBF, in ml min(-1) (g dry wt)(-1)), measured with microspheres, and myocardial oxygen consumption ( , in mumol min(-1) (g dry wt)(-1)) in the same location, calculated from the (13)C spectrum of tissue extracts after intracoronary infusion of 3-(13)C-lactate. Since both innervated and denervated regions are subject to the same arterial pressure, lower blood flow indicates higher resistance. Mean MBF was 5.56 ml min(-1) (g dry wt)(-1) (heterogeneity of 3.47 ml min(-1) (g dry wt)(-1)) innervated, 7.48 ml min(-1) (g dry wt)(-1) (heterogeneity of 3.62 ml min(-1) (g dry wt)(-1)) denervated (n.s.). Significant linear relations were found between MBF and M Vo2 of individual samples within the innervated and denervated regions. The slopes of these relations were not significantly different, but the adjusted mean was significantly higher in the denervated regions (+1.92 ml min(-1) (g dry wt)(-1), an increase of 38% of the mean MBF at the pooled mean M Vo2, P = 0.028, ANCOVA). The ratio MBF/M Vo2(in ml micromol(-1)) was significantly higher, being 0.296 +/- 0.167 ml micromol(-1) in the denervated region compared with the innervated region, 0.216 +/- 0.126 ml micromol(-1), P = 0.0182, Mann-Whitney U test. These results indicate that sympathetic tone under chloralose anaesthesia imposes a moderate vasoconstrictive effect in the myocardium that is not detected by comparison of the mean blood flow or resistance.
Due to the growing knowledge about the role of specific fatty acids in health and disease, dietary intake measurements of individual fatty acids or classes of fatty acids are becoming increasingly important. The objective of this study was to evaluate the ability of the Nambour FFQ to estimate intakes of specific fatty acids, particularly PUFA. The study population was a sub-sample of adult participants in a randomised controlled trial of beta-carotene and sunscreen in the prevention of skin cancer (n 43). Dietary intake was assessed by a self-administered FFQ and a weighed food record (WFR). Non-fasting blood samples were collected and analysed for plasma phospholipid fatty acids. Median intakes on the FFQ were generally higher than the WFR except for the n-3 PUFA groups, where the FFQ estimated higher intakes. Correlations between the FFQ and WFR were moderate (r 0 x 32-0 x 59) except for trans fatty acids (r 0 x 03). Correlations between each of the dietary assessment methods and the plasma phospholipids were poor for all fatty acids other than the PUFA. Using the methods of triads approach, the FFQ validity coefficients for total n-3 fatty acids, total long chain n-3 fatty acids, EPA, arachidonic acid, docosapentaenoic acid and DHA were 0 x 50, 0 x 63, 0 x 45 and 0 x 62 and 0 x 62, respectively. For most fatty acids, the FFQ adequately estimates group mean fatty acid intakes and can adequately rank individuals; however, the ability of this FFQ to estimate trans fatty acids was poor.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine the association between dietary intake of phytoestrogens estimated by a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with urinary metabolites. METHODS: Participants were 26 premenopausal, Caucasian women aged 25 to 42 years. Dietary intake of isoflavones (genistein and daidzein) and lignans (secoisolariciresinol and matairesinol) were estimated by a 53-item interviewer-administered FFQ on two occasions, reflecting 'habitual' (previous 2 months) and 'recent' (previous 2 days) dietary intake. Isoflavone (genistein, daidzein) and lignan (enterolactone, enterodiol and secoisolariciresinol) concentrations were measured in 24-hour urine samples by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Correlations between FFQ (habitual and recent, separately) and urinary metabolite values were assessed using Spearman correlation coefficients. RESULTS: Mean habitual isoflavone and lignan intakes were 13.7 mg/day and 13.8 mg/day, respectively. Mean urinary concentrations of isoflavones and lignans were 17.4 micromol/day and 20.6 micromol/day, respectively. Recent and habitual isoflavone intakes were correlated with urinary excretion of metabolites (r = 0.64, p < 0.001 and r = 0.54, p = 0.004, respectively). Urinary excretion of lignans was also modestly correlated with recent and habitual lignan intakes (r = 0.46, p = 0.02 and r = 0.40, p = 0.05, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Our results support the use of this FFQ as a measure of dietary isoflavone and lignan intake in epidemiological studies. 
Toenails were used recently in epidemiological and environmental health studies as a means of assessing exposure to arsenic from drinking water. While positive correlations between toenail and drinking-water arsenic concentrations were reported in the literature, a significant percentage of the variation in toenail arsenic concentration remains unexplained by drinking-water concentration alone. Here, the influence of water consumption at home and work, food intake, and drinking-water concentration on toenail arsenic concentration was investigated using data from a case-control study being conducted in 11 counties of Michigan. The results from 440 controls are presented. Log-transformed drinking-water arsenic concentration at home was a significant predictor (p < .05) of toenail arsenic concentration (R2 = .32). When arsenic intake from consumption of tap water and beverages made from tap water (microg/L arsenic x L/d = microg/d) was used as a predictor variable, the correlation was markedly increased for individuals with >1 microg/L arsenic (R2 = .48). Increased intake of seafood and intake of arsenic from water at work were independently and significantly associated with increased toenail arsenic concentration. However, when added to intake at home, work drinking-water exposure and food intake had little influence on the overall correlation. These results suggest that arsenic exposure from drinking-water consumption is an important determinant of toenail arsenic concentration, and therefore should be considered when validating and applying toenails as a biomarker of arsenic exposure.
We investigated associations between plasma concentrations of cholesterol and lutein after consumption of eggs. Using a crossover design, 22 postmenopausal women (50-77 y) consumed an egg treatment (640 mg/d additional cholesterol and 600 mug/d additional lutein + zeaxanthin) or a baseline treatment (no additional cholesterol or lutein + zeaxanthin) for 30 d, followed by a 3-wk washout period and the alternate diet. The increases in plasma total cholesterol and lutein due to egg consumption were related (r = 0.48, P < 0.05). There was a positive correlation between LDL size (r = 0.45, P < 0.05), HDL size (r = 0.64, P < 0.01), and plasma lutein, but no relation with the number of LDL or HDL particles. The activities of cholesterol ester transfer protein and lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase, although important in the exchange of cholesterol among lipoproteins, were not associated with changes in plasma lutein. Plasma lutein concentrations observed during the baseline period were a strong predictor of the increase in plasma lutein after egg treatment (r = 0.50 P < 0.05). There was a negative association between the change in lutein due to egg consumption and BMI (r = -0.40, P < 0.06) and waist circumference (r = -0.49, P < 0.05). This was particularly evident in individuals with BMI >29. We conclude that the increase in plasma lutein after egg consumption is associated with the change in plasma total cholesterol, but that the effect is diminished by obesity. Lipoprotein size, but not number, also affects plasma response to dietary lutein.
OBJECTIVES: To discuss present knowledge about the relation between adipose tissue, inflammation and the Mediterranean-style diet. DESIGN: Review of the literature and personal perspectives. SETTING AND RESULTS: Recent studies indicate that adipose tissue is an endocrine organ producing numerous proteins, collectively referred to as adipokines, with broad biological activity, which play an important autocrine role in obesity-associated complications. Adipose tissue in general and visceral fat in particular are thought to be key regulators of inflammation which is heavily involved in the onset and development of atherothrombotic disease. Moreover, chronic inflammation may also represent a triggering factor in the origin of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus. An increased release of proinflammatory adipokines from the visceral adipose tissue, associated with a reduced secretion of anti-inflammatory adipokines and cytokines, could determine a low-grade chronic inflammatory state which might play a role in the future development of the metabolic syndrome, diabetes and atherosclerosis through both insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction. Interventions aimed at decreasing weight loss and improving adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet in people with obesity or metabolic syndrome decrease the inflammatory milieu and ameliorate both insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction. CONCLUSIONS: Appropriate dietary patterns, as those associated with the eating model of Mediterranean-type diets, represent therapeutic strategies to reduce inflammation and the associated metabolic and cardiovascular risk. 
OBJECTIVE: We examined associations between two Mediterranean diet (MD) adherence indexes (the MD index, MDI, and the MD score, MDS) and several blood biomarkers of diet and disease. SUBJECTS: We studied 328 individuals from Catalonia (Northeastern Spain), ages 18-75, who provided fasting blood samples, a subset of the 2346 individuals as part of a larger representative and random sample from the 1992-1993 Catalan Nutritional Survey. DESIGN AND METHOD: Diet was measured using 24-h recalls. Biomarkers studied were plasma levels of beta-carotene, alpha-tocopherol, retinol, vitamins B12, C and folates as well as serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and triglycerides. Multivariate linear regression was used to analyse associations of the nutrient biomarkers with the dietary pattern indexes, adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Subjects with higher MD adherence, as measured by the two dietary indexes, had significantly higher plasma concentrations of beta-carotene, folates, vitamin C, alpha-tocopherol and HDL cholesterol. The most highly significant relationship was that between folates and the adherence to the MD Pattern, as determined by both indexes. These research findings suggest the potential usefulness of biomarkers as complementary tools for assessing adherence to a dietary pattern. This type of data not only informs the development of robust dietary adherence indexes, but it also provides specific clues about the potential physiological mechanisms that explain the beneficial effects of the MD pattern on chronic disease risk. 
We investigated the effects of a high walnut diet and a high unsalted cashew nut diet on selected markers of the metabolic syndrome. In a randomized, parallel, controlled study design, sixty-four subjects having the metabolic syndrome (twenty-nine men, thirty-five women) with a mean age of 45 (sd 10) years and who met the selection criteria were all fed a 3-week run-in control diet. Hereafter, participants were grouped according to gender and age and then randomized into three groups receiving a controlled feeding diet including walnuts, or unsalted cashew nuts or no nuts for 8 weeks. Subjects were required to have lunch at the metabolic ward of the Nutrition Department of the North-West University (Potchefstroom Campus). Both the walnut and the unsalted cashew nut intervention diets had no significant effect on the HDL-cholesterol, TAG, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, serum fructosamine, serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, blood pressure and serum uric acid concentrations when compared to the control diet. Low baseline LDL-cholesterol concentrations in the cashew nut group may have masked a possible nut-related benefit. Plasma glucose concentrations increased significantly (P = 0.04) in the cashew nut group compared to the control group. By contrast, serum fructosamine was unchanged in the cashew nut group while the control group had significantly increased (P = 0.04) concentrations of this short-term marker of glycaemic control. Subjects displayed no improvement in the markers of the metabolic syndrome after following a walnut diet or a cashew nut diet compared to a control diet while maintaining body weight.
This study was designed to determine the body burden of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) among first-time mothers in the Greater Boston, Massachusetts area and to explore key routes of exposure. We collected breast milk samples from 46 first-time mothers, 2-8 weeks after birth. We also sampled house dust from the homes of a subset of participants by vacuuming commonly used areas. Data on personal characteristics, diet, home furniture, and electrical devices were gathered from each participant using a questionnaire. Breast milk and dust samples were analyzed for PBDEs using gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry. PBDE concentrations were log-normally distributed in breast milk and dust. We found statistically significant, positive associations between PBDE concentrations in breast milk and house dust (r = 0.76, p = 0.003, not including BDE-209), as well as with reported dietary habits, particularly the consumption of dairy products (r = 0.41, p = 0.005) and meat (r = 0.37, p = 0.01). Due to low detection rates, it was not possible to draw conclusions about the association between BDE-209 in milk and dust. Our results support the hypothesis that the indoor environment and diet both play prominent roles in adult human exposure to PBDEs.
An optimal folate nutritional status is important in minimizing developmental and degenerative disease. Therefore, constant monitoring of folate intake and of biomarkers of folate nutritional status is essential. The objective of this research was to compare two folate intake instruments and validate each one against RBC folate measured by a high-throughput liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (HT LC-MS/MS) method described in the companion paper (Owens, J. E.; Holstege, D. M.; Clifford, A. J. J. Agric. Food Chem. 2007, 55, 3292-3297). A food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and a folate-targeted semiquantitative Block dietary folate equivalents (DFE) screener were compared and individually validated against an HT LC-MS/MS method. RBC folate was 1178 +/- 259 nmol/L (mean +/- SD) in a population of 337 normal adult subjects. Folate intakes were 556 +/- 265 microg/day by the FFQ and 524 +/- 276 microg/day by the DFE screener. Folate intakes by the DFE screener were approximately 34 microg less than by the FFQ (paired t test, p<0.01), but the intake instruments were highly correlated for total folate intake (r=0.608, p<0.01). Correlations between instruments and RBC folate were low (r<0.35) but strong (p<0.01). ROC curve analysis indicates that the measurement of RBC folate by the HT LC-MS/MS method is a better predictive tool than are intake instruments for the evaluation of marginal folate status.
Carotenoid and vitamin C intakes, assessed by FFQ, have been positively associated with plasma concentrations in different populations. However, the influence of BMI on these associations has not been explored in detail. We explored in a cross-sectional study the relation between dietary carotenoid and vitamin C intakes, using a 135-item FFQ, with their plasma concentrations by BMI categories in 252 men and 293 women, 65 years and older. For men and women combined, significant (P < 0.05) Pearson correlations were observed between energy-adjusted dietary intakes and plasma concentrations (carotenoids adjusted for cholesterol) for: alpha-carotene 0.21, beta-carotene 0.19, lycopene 0.18, beta-cryptoxanthin 0.20 and vitamin C 0.36. Multiple linear regression analyses showed that the intake of carotenoids and vitamin C were significant predictors of their respective plasma concentration (P<0.01), and that BMI was inversely associated with plasma concentration of carotenoids (P< or =0.01) but not with plasma vitamin C. In addition, we observed significant interactions between BMI and the intakes of alpha-carotene and lutein + zeaxanthin, and to a lower extent beta-carotene, suggesting that these intakes in subjects with high BMI were not good predictors of their plasma concentration. The present data suggest that plasma carotenoids and vitamin C may be good markers of dietary intake in elderly subjects, but not so for alpha-carotene, beta-carotene and lutein + zeaxanthin in obese subjects.
BACKGROUND: Relations between magnesium intake and systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction are not well established. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to examine whether and to what extent magnesium intake is related to inflammatory and endothelial markers. DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 657 women from the Nurses' Health Study cohort who were aged 43-69 y and free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes mellitus when blood was drawn in 1989 and 1990. Plasma concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), soluble tumor necrosis factor alpha receptor 2 (sTNF-R2), E-selectin, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (sVCAM-1) were measured. Estimates from 2 semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaires, administered in 1986 and 1990, were averaged to assess dietary intakes. RESULTS: In age-adjusted linear regression analyses, magnesium intake was inversely associated with plasma concentrations of CRP (P for linear trend = 0.003), E-selectin (P = 0.001), and sICAM-1 (P = 0.03). After further adjustment for physical activity, smoking status, alcohol use, postmenopausal hormone use, and body mass index, dietary magnesium intake remained inversely associated with CRP and E-selectin. Multivariate-adjusted geometric means for women in the highest quintile of dietary magnesium intake were 24% lower for CRP (1.70 +/- 0.18 compared with 1.30 +/- 0.10 mg/dL; P for trend = 0.03) and 14% lower for E-selectin (48.5 +/- 1.84 compared with 41.9 +/- 1.58 ng/mL; P for trend = 0.01) than those for women in the lowest quintile. CONCLUSION: Magnesium intake from diet is modestly and inversely associated with some but not all markers of systematic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in apparently healthy women. 
OBJECTIVE: Estimation of dietary intake of polyphenols is difficult, due to limited availability of food composition data and bias inherent to dietary assessment methods. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether we could detect polyphenols and their metabolites in a spot urine sample in a free-living human population and whether it was related to those observed in 24-h urine samples, for potential use as a biomarkers of polyphenol intake. SUBJECTS: Four 24-h urine samples and two spot urine samples were collected from 154 participants of the SU.VI.MAX cohort (a randomized primary-prevention trial evaluating the effect of daily antioxidant supplementation on chronic diseases) in two separate studies over, respectively, a 7- and 2-day periods. Thirteen polyphenols and metabolites (chlorogenic acid (CGA), caffeic acid (CA), m-coumaric acid (mCOU), gallic acid (GA), 4-O-methylgallic acid (MeGA), quercetin (Q), isorhamnetin (MeQ), kaempferol (K), hesperetin (HESP), naringenin (NAR), phloretin (PHLOR), enterolactone (ENL) and enterodiol (END) were measured using HPLC-ESI-MS-MS. RESULTS: Correlations between the urinary excretion levels were observed. The most significant were explained by metabolic filiations (CGA/CA, CA/mCOU, GA/MeGA, Q/MeQ, NAR/PHLOR, ENL/END) or co-occurrence in a same food source (NAR/HESP). Concentrations in spot samples correlated with those in 24-h urine sample (P<0.02, except for CA and for MeQ). Intra-individual variations were smaller than inter-individual variations for all polyphenols (P<0.01) except for MeGA and for PHLOR. CONCLUSION: These results show that these polyphenols and metabolites are useful biomarkers for polyphenol intake. 
High levels of estrogen during pregnancy have been hypothesized to increase the risk of breast cancer in offspring. Some studies have reported a positive association of estrogen level during pregnancy with fetal size, which has been linked to the subsequent risk of breast cancer in offspring. We examined whether maternal diet, including fat and alcohol intake, was associated with hormone levels during pregnancy, as well as with birth weight. The concentrations of estradiol, estriol, and testosterone were measured in the maternal serum and umbilical cord blood of 189 women during pregnancy and at delivery. Intakes of fat, alcohol, and other nutrients were assessed by 5-day diet records at approximately the 29th week of pregnancy before blood sampling. Intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids was moderately but significantly positively correlated with the umbilical cord estriol level (r = 0.17, P = 0.03) after controlling for covariates. The positive association between intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids and birth weight was of borderline significance (r = 0.14, P = 0.06). Intake of long-chain n-3 fatty acids was significantly inversely correlated with the umbilical cord estradiol and testosterone levels (r = -0.18, P = 0.02 and r = -0.24, P = 0.002, respectively). Alcohol intake was significantly positively correlated with the maternal estradiol level in the 29th week of pregnancy (r = 0.19, P = 0.01), but was unrelated to birth weight. Estrogen level during pregnancy may be regulated by dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and mediate their effects on fetal growth.
The aim of the study was to establish whether an excess or deficiency of dietary carbohydrates would influence the effect of boron (B) on lipid, protein, and glucose metabolism in laboratory rats. Sixty male Buffalo rats were used in the study, divided into six groups fed a control diet or a lower high-carbohydrate diet with or without a B supplement (3 mg B/kg fodder). The hemoglobin concentration and hematocrit were assessed in whole-blood samples, and the total protein, albumin, creatine, glucose, total lipid, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol contents in the serum were established. The total cholesterol and triacylglycerol contents in liver lipid extracts were also measured. A low carbohydrate content in a B-supplemented diet led to an increase in the total protein and albumin contents in the serum of the rats compared to the levels for the rats on the control and high-carbohydrate B supplemented diets. Under conditions of an excess or deficiency of carbohydrates in the diet, B did not significantly influence the cholesterol and total lipid contents in the serum. Boron's influence on the other metabolic indexes (glucose, HDL cholesterol, and triacylglycerol contents in the serum; cholesterol and triacylglycerol contents in the liver) was unaffected by the carbohydrate content in the diet.
Enterolignans are phytoestrogenic compounds derived from the conversion of dietary lignans by the intestinal microflora that may be protective against cardiovascular diseases and cancer. To evaluate the use of enterolignans as biomarkers of dietary lignan intake, we studied the relation between plasma and dietary lignans. We determined the dietary intake of 4 lignans (secoisolariciresinol (SECO), matairesinol (MAT), pinoresinol, and lariciresinol) using the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition FFQ, and plasma enterodiol (END) and enterolactone (ENL) concentrations were determined by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. The population consisted of 637 men and women, aged 19-75 y, participating in a case-control study on colorectal adenomas. Participants did not use antibiotics in the preceding calendar year. We found a modest association between lignan intake and plasma END (Spearman r = 0.09, P = 0.03) and ENL (Spearman r = 0.18, P <0.001). The correlation of total lignan intake with plasma enterolignans was slightly stronger than that of only SECO plus MAT. The plasma concentrations of both END and ENL were associated with intake of dietary fiber and vegetable protein but not with intake of other macronutrients. The relation between lignan intake and plasma END was modulated by age and previous use of antibiotics, whereas for ENL, it was modulated by weight, current smoking, and frequency of defecation. However, even when we included these nondietary factors in the regression models, the explained variance in plasma END and ENL remained low (2 and 13%, respectively).
The Medication Adherence Questionnaire (MAQ) is a scale used to evaluate adherence to medications. The present study assessed the factor structure and validity of the MAQ with cigarette smokers. A principal components analysis was conducted on MAQ scores from a sample of smokers presenting for treatment in a clinical trial of naltrexone and nicotine patch for smoking cessation (N = 385). Indices of convergent and predictive validity were tested using electronic medication caps for naltrexone, nicotine patch counts, plasma drug levels of naltrexone, and treatment outcomes. The principal components analysis revealed two factors. Factor 1, labeled "unintentional nonadherence," measured the extent to which individuals were nonadherent because they were careless or forgot to take their medications. Factor 2, labeled "purposeful nonadherence," assessed nonadherence related to purposefully stopping medication use after feeling better or worse. Only the second factor was shown to have good convergent and predictive validity. Specifically, this factor was related to pill-taking behavior measured with electronic medication caps and drug plasma levels and nicotine patch use based on nicotine patch count data, and it was associated with smoking cessation outcome. Thus the purposeful nonadherence factor of the MAQ may be used as a brief screening tool for medication adherence with cigarette smokers seeking treatment. Information obtained with this questionnaire could be used to counsel patients regarding the importance of medication adherence.
OBJECTIVE: To validate the fruit and vegetable intake estimated from the Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) used in the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC). SUBJECTS AND SETTING: The DNBC is a cohort of 101,042 pregnant women in Denmark, who received a FFQ by mail in gestation week 25. A validation study with 88 participants was made. A seven-day weighed food diary (FD) and three different biomarkers were employed as comparison methods. RESULTS: Significant correlations between FFQ and FD-based estimates were found for fruit (r = 0.66); vegetables (r = 0.32); juice (r = 0.52); fruit and vegetables (F&V) (r = 0.57); and fruit, vegetables, and juice (F&V&J) (r = 0.62). Sensitivities of correct classification by FFQ into the two lowest and the two highest quintiles of F&V&J intake were 58-67% and 50-74%, respectively, and specificities were 71-79% and 65-83%, respectively. F&V&J intake estimated from the FFQ correlated significantly with urinary flavonoids (r = 0.39, p<0.005), plasma beta-carotene (r = 0.21, p<0.05) and erythrocyte folate (r = 0.33, p<0.005); all average biomarker levels increased across increasing quintiles of F&V&J intake. CONCLUSION: Data on F&V&J recorded by FFQ in DNBC can be used in etiological analyses of associations between fruit and vegetable intake and health outcomes, provided that the potential misclassification of dietary exposure is kept in mind. 
Many types of vitamin supplements are available on the market, but little is known about whether cholecalciferol obtained from fat-containing capsules differs in bioavailability from that of solid tablets. Our objective was to test whether 4 weeks of daily supplementation with 10 mug cholecalciferol given as a fish oil capsule produces a larger increase in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (s-25(OH)D) concentration compared with the same dose of cholecalciferol given as a multivitamin tablet. A total of seventy-four healthy subjects aged 19-49 years were initially included and fifty-five of these completed the study and fulfilled the inclusion criteria. After completing a self-administered questionnaire about diet and sunshine exposure and having a non-fasting venous blood sample drawn, participants were randomised to receive daily multivitamin tablets (n 28) or fish oil capsules (n 27), each containing equal doses of cholecalciferol. A second blood sample was drawn after 28 d. Mean baseline s-25(OH)D was 40.3 (sd 22.0) nmol/l in the multivitamin group and 48.5 (24.8) nmol/l in the fish oil group. When controlling for baseline s-25(OH)D, mean 4-week increase in s-25(OH)D was 35.8 (95 % CI 30.9, 40.8) nmol/l in the multivitamin group and 32.3 (95 % CI 27.3, 37.4) nmol/l in the fish oil group; the mean difference was 3.5 (95 % CI - 3.6, 10.6) nmol/l (P = 0.33). The results were unaltered by statistical adjustment for BMI, ethnic background, age and sex. We conclude that fish oil capsules and multivitamin tablets containing 10 microg cholecalciferol administered over a 4-week period produced a similar mean increase in s-25(OH)D concentration.
There is considerable evidence that chronic moderate-to-high alcohol consumption increases blood pressure. The mechanisms by which this occurs are not clear. Alcohol consumption can induce oxidative stress and cytochrome P450 (CYP450) isoforms that are associated with oxidative stress and may influence vascular tone. To study the role of such mechanisms we examined whether reducing alcohol intake in moderate-to-heavy drinkers (40-110 g/day) resulted in changes in urinary excretion of 20-HETE, a CYP450 metabolite of arachidonic acid, and plasma and urinary F(2)-isoprostanes as markers of lipid peroxidation. After a 4-week run-in period during which healthy men maintained their usual drinking pattern they were randomized to a two-way crossover intervention study. In each of the 4-week treatment periods subjects either substituted their usual alcohol intake with a 0.9% alcohol beer or maintained their usual alcohol intake. Plasma and urinary F(2)-isoprostanes and urinary 20-HETE were measured by gas chromatography mass spectrometry, and serum gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase (gamma-GT) was measured as a biomarker of alcohol consumption, at the end of each study period. Sixteen healthy men age 51.0+/-2.7 years and with a BMI of 26.4+/-0.61 kg/m(2) completed the study. The reductions in alcohol intake (72.4+/-5.0 vs 7.9+/-1.6 g/day, p<0.001) and serum gamma-GT (geometric mean 24.4 U/L (95% CI 19.7, 30.2) vs 18.6 U/L (95% CI 15.5, 22.2, p<0.01) were accompanied by a significant fall in blood pressure as well as urinary 20-HETE excretion (158+/-23 vs 109+/-19 pmol/mmol creatinine, p<0.001) and plasma F(2)-isoprostanes (3438+/-158 vs 2929+/-145 pmol/L, p=0.01). A substantial reduction in alcohol consumption in healthy men lowered plasma F(2)-isoprostanes and urinary 20-HETE. Increased oxidative stress and 20-HETE production may be linked, at least in part, to the pathogenesis of alcohol-related hypertension.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the reliability, validity, responsiveness, and minimally important difference (MID) of the Incontinence Quality of Life (I-QOL) questionnaire in patients with urinary incontinence due to neurogenic detrusor overactivity. DESIGN: Randomized, double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled study. SETTING: Eight centers across Belgium, France, and Switzerland. PARTICIPANTS: Patients with urinary incontinence due to neurogenic detrusor overactivity inadequately managed on oral anticholinergics. Fifty-nine patients (spinal cord injury, n=53; multiple sclerosis, n=6) were enrolled. INTERVENTION: Single dose of botulinum toxin type A (Botox) (200 or 300 U) or placebo. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: I-QOL questionnaire completed at screening and over a 24-week post-treatment period. RESULTS: The Cronbach alpha ranged from .79 to .93, indicating that I-QOL is a reliable measure of QOL in neurogenic urinary incontinence patients. No item had more than 5.1% missing or out of range values. With the exception of 2 items, questions showed acceptable item-scale correlation and scaling success results varied by domain. Post-treatment correlations indicated acceptable construct validity. The I-QOL was responsive to improvements in symptoms. MID values ranged from 4 to 11 points. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that I-QOL is a reliable, valid, and responsive measure of incontinence-related QOL in neurogenic patients. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the accuracy of three self-administered food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) to measure dietary calcium intake in healthy adults. DESIGN: Estimates of dietary calcium intake from one previously validated and two recently developed FFQs were compared with those from 7-day food records. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Healthy adults enrolled in an outpatient study of calcium supplementation completed the 36-page Dietary History Questionnaire (DHQ), a 3-page Calcium Questionnaire, and a 1-page Short Calcium Questionnaire. Subjects then completed a 7-day food record. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Differences between calcium intake reported on FFQs and calcium intake from food records were compared. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Spearman correlations were used to measure associations among variables; Bland-Altman pairwise comparisons were conducted to assess systematic and magnitude biases. RESULTS: We studied 341 subjects, 74.5% female, mean (+/-standard deviation) age of 38+/-11 years and body mass index (calculated as kg/m(2)) of 31.8+/-7.1. Mean (+/-standard deviation) food record calcium intake was 896+/-380 mg/day; data from all three FFQs were positively related to food record calcium intake, but accounted for <40% of the variance in food record dietary calcium intake (DHQ: r(2)=0.21; Calcium Questionnaire: r(2)=0.33; Short Calcium Questionnaire: r(2)=0.37; all P<0.001). The DHQ underestimated daily calcium intake (systematic bias: -94 mg/day, P<0.001; magnitude bias r=-0.40; P<0.001), whereas the Calcium Questionnaire overestimated calcium intake (systematic bias +177 mg/day, P<0.001), but had no significant magnitude bias (r=-0.09; P=0.11). The Short Calcium Questionnaire showed minimal systematic bias (+34 mg/day, P=0.09), but had magnitude bias (r=-0.33; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: All three FFQs performed reasonably well at estimating dietary calcium intake compared to food records; each may be appropriate for use in select clinical and research settings. 
Serum CRP concentrations are elevated in subjects at risk of coronary events and in subjects with metabolic syndrome. Although dietary fat and antioxidants are known for their immune-modulating actions, their reported effects on CRP concentrations have been inconsistent. In the present study we have investigated whether dietary constituents are associated with serum CRP concentrations in healthy subjects and patients with dyslipidaemic. Dyslipidaemic subjects (n=238) were recruited from Hospital Outpatient Clinics in Guilford, UK. Apparently healthy subjects (n=188) were recruited from amongst adjacent University and Hospital employees. A validated food frequency questionnaire was used to estimate dietary intake. Dyslipidaemic patients had higher serum CRP [1.25 (0.42-3.26) mg/L] than control subjects [0.50 (0.17-1.42) mg/L] (p<0.001). In the dyslipidaemic patients, approximately 4% of the variation in serum CRP could be explained by dietary cholesterol intake (p = 0.015, 2.8%), and weakly by dietary vitamin C intake (p = 0.06, 1.2%). No relationship between dietary constituents and serum CRP concentrations was found among the healthy subjects. Hence the present study shows that serum CRP concentrations are increased in patients with classical coronary risk factors, and that they may be modulated by dietary cholesterol.
OBJECTIVES: An abridged version of the 25-item Male Sexual Health Questionnaire (MSHQ) was developed and validated (MSHQ-EjD Short Form) for assessing ejaculatory dysfunction (EjD). METHODS: The MSHQ was administered to 1245 men in the Men's Sexual Health Population Survey, 179 gay/bisexual men in the Urban Men's Health Study, and 6909 men with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) suggestive of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in the BPH Registry & Patient Survey. Factor analysis, scale reliability, construct and discriminant validity, and the correlation between the MSHQ-EjD Short Form and the MSHQ ejaculatory function domain were assessed. RESULTS: Factor loadings of greater than 0.5 were demonstrated for four ejaculatory function items (force, volume, frequency, and delay). The force and volume of ejaculation had the greatest factor loadings (range 0.77 to 0.81), followed by frequency of ejaculation (0.64 and 0.66). These three ejaculatory function items had a high degree of internal consistency (Cronbach alpha > or = 0.78) and test-retest reliability (r = 0.72). The three items discriminated between men with none/mild LUTS and those with moderate/severe LUTS (P <0.001). After adjusting for age, depression, and erectile function, the odds ratio for a diagnosis of moderate/severe LUTS was 0.68 (95% confidence interval 0.49 to 0.96; P <0.05). The three items had a correlation coefficient of 0.95 with the 7-item MSHQ ejaculatory function domain. The MSHQ ejaculation bother item, an independent domain, showed moderate correlation with the three ejaculatory function items (r = -0.41 and r = -0.45). CONCLUSIONS: The results of our study have shown that the MSHQ-EjD Short Form, with three ejaculatory function items and one ejaculation bother item, has excellent psychometric properties and should be a useful instrument for assessing EjD in clinical and research settings. 
OBJECTIVE: The present study was designed to examine for the first time, side-by-side, the effects of plant sterol and stanol consumption on lipid metabolism and markers of antioxidant status, oxidative stress, endothelial dysfunction and low-grade inflammation in subjects on stable statin-treatment. DESIGN: Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, intervention trial. SETTING: University. SUBJECTS: Forty-five patients on current statin treatment were recruited via newspaper advertisements. Data of 41 patients were used in statistical analysis. INTERVENTION: Subjects consumed margarine with no added plant sterols or stanols for 4 weeks and were then divided into three groups of 15 subjects. For the next 16 weeks, one group continued with the control margarine and the other two groups with either a plant sterol- or stanol (2.5 g/day)-enriched margarine. Blood was sampled at the end of the run-in and intervention periods. RESULTS: Plant sterol and stanol consumption significantly (P=0.026) reduced low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol by 0.34 mmol/l (95% confidence interval (CI), -0.67 to -0.04 mmol/l). No effects were shown on enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidants and markers of oxidative modification of lipids and DNA. In addition, no effect was found on soluble adhesion molecules, C-reactive protein and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that 16 weeks of plant sterol or stanol consumption did not affect markers of antioxidant status, oxidative stress, endothelial dysfunction and low-grade inflammation in patients on stable statin treatment, despite a significant reduction of LDL cholesterol. 
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A), a metalloproteinase in the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system, is markedly upregulated in human atherosclerotic plaque. To determine whether PAPP-A plays an active role in the development of atherosclerosis, we crossed mice lacking apolipoprotein E (ApoE) with PAPP-A-deficient mice, generating ApoE knock-out (KO), PAPP-A KO, wild-type (WT/WT), and ApoE/PAPP-A double KO (KO/KO) mice. These mice were fed a high-fat diet starting at 7 weeks of age. Total serum cholesterol levels were elevated similarly in the ApoE KO and KO/KO mice and were 10-fold higher than in the WT/WT and PAPP-A KO mice. WT/WT and PAPP-A KO mice showed little or no lesion development even after 20 weeks of diet. ApoE KO mice had a progressive increase in aortic lesion area over 20 weeks of diet. In comparison, lesion area was reduced 60% to 80% in KO/KO mice. Lesions of ApoE KO aortas had 8- to 20-fold increases in PAPP-A, IGFBP-4, and IGF-I mRNA levels compared with nonlesional areas, whereas IGF-I receptor levels were equivalent--conditions for enhanced lesional IGF activity. Consistent with this, an in vivo marker of IGF-I receptor-mediated action was increased 10-fold in lesions from ApoE KO compared with KO/KO aortas. These data indicate that PAPP-A plays a critical role in lesion development in a mouse model of atherosclerosis, at least in part, through amplification of local IGF-I bioavailability.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Calcium is essential for the bone metabolism but daily calcium requirements are not met in a significant proportion of the population. Fortunately, oral calcium supplementation can help to meet these needs; however, the calcium bioavailability depends on the calcium sources. The calcium absorption and bioavailability of dietary supplements from marine sources are not known. The objectives of this study were to evaluate the effects of two marine dietary supplements with a high calcium content: a fishbone powder (Phoscalim) and a ray cartilage hydrolysate (Glycollagene), in comparison with milk, and a placebo (maltodextrin), on calcium metabolism and a biochemical marker of bone resorption, using the oral calcium tolerance test. SUBJECTS: Twenty male volunteers were randomized to eat 836 mg of calcium from different sources compared to maltodextrin during a Latin square study. Serum calcium concentrations and other parameters of the calcium metabolism, such as serum intact parathyroid hormone (iPTH) and serum C telopeptides (s-CTX), were measured after an acute oral calcium load based on the Pak protocol. RESULTS: An increase in serum-corrected calcium areas under the curve (AUC) occurred with Phoscalim and Glycollagene when compared to milk. Significantly lower iPTH concentrations were observed with Glycollagene than with milk at T0+1 h, T0+3 h, T0+6 h and with Phoscalim than with milk at T0+6 h. A significantly lower s-CTX concentration was observed with Glycollagene than with milk and Phoscalim at T0+6 h. Furthermore, the urinary calcium/creatinine ratio increased significantly more with Glycollagen than with milk in T0 h+3 h and T3 h+6 h. CONCLUSION: These two dietary supplements from marine sources constitute oral calcium sources when compared to milk on calcium absorption and bone resorption markers on short time. 
It is unclear whether postprandial blood glucose or insulin exerts a regulatory function in short-term appetite regulation in humans. The aim of this study was to investigate, by use of meta-analysis, the role of blood glucose and insulin in short-term appetite sensation and energy intake (EI) in normal weight and overweight participants. Data from seven test meal studies were used, including 136 healthy participants (ALL) (92 normal weight (NW) and 44 overweight or obese (OW)). All meals were served as breakfasts after an overnight fast, and appetite sensations and blood samples were obtained frequently in the postprandial period. Finally, an ad libitum lunch was served. Data were analysed by fixed effects study level (SL) meta-regression analysis and individual participant data (IPD) regression analysis, using STATA software. In SL analysis, postprandial insulin response was associated with decreased hunger in ALL, NW and OW (P < 0.019), and with increased satiety in NW (P = 0.004) and lower subsequent EI in OW (P = 0.022). Multivariate IPD analysis showed similar associations, but only in NW for hunger, satiety and EI (P < 0.028), and in ALL for EI (P = 0.016). The only association involving blood glucose was the multivariate IPD analysis showing an inverse association between blood glucose and EI in ALL (P = 0.032). Our results suggest that insulin, but not glucose, is associated with short-term appetite regulation in healthy participants, but the relationship is disrupted in the overweight and obese. We conclude that the postprandial insulin response may be an important satiety signal, and that central nervous system insulin resistance in overweight might explain the blunted effect on appetite.
AIMS: This study compared two new methods for direct determination of 5-hydroxytryptophol glucuronide (GTOL) in urine, a biomarker for detection of recent alcohol consumption. METHODS: Urine samples were collected from ten alcoholic patients during recovery from intoxication. A direct injection ultra-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) method for measurement of the urinary GTOL to 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) ratio, and an ELISA assay for direct measurement of GTOL, were used. Comparison was made with the urinary ethanol and ethyl glucuronide (EtG) concentrations. RESULTS: The breath ethanol concentration on admission ranged between 1.0-3.1 g/l. The UPLC-MS/MS method showed a median detection time of 39 h for an elevated urinary GTOL/5-HIAA ratio, while EtG was detected for a median of 65 h. Determination of GTOL by the ELISA assay showed 87% sensitivity in detecting positive samples at a 44% specificity, as compared with the UPLC-MS/MS method. CONCLUSIONS: The lower sensitivity of the urinary GTOL/5-HIAA ratio compared with EtG for recent drinking may be clinically useful, in cases where the EtG test provides an unwanted high sensitivity for intake of only small amounts of alcohol or unintentional ethanol exposure. 
OBJECTIVE: Sulphites are widely used food additives that may damage health, hence limits are set on their use. They are excreted in urine as sulphate, along with sulphate derived from sulphur amino acids. Dietary intakes of sulphites are hard to determine, so we have tested the utility of urinary nitrogen:sulphate ratio as a biomarker of inorganic sulphur (IS) intake. Additionally we determined the half-life of ingested (34)SO(4)(2-) from its urinary excretion. SUBJECTS: Twenty healthy adult subjects were recruited by poster advertisement, for a 24-h study where they ate specified foods, which were high in IS, in addition to their normal diet. The half-life of ingested (34)SO(4)(2-) was assessed in five healthy volunteers, given 5.9 mmols of Na(2)(34)SO(4) as a single dose and collecting all urine specimens for 72-96 h. Urine and duplicate diets from three previously conducted studies were analysed for nitrogen and sulphate content, thus expanding the range of IS intakes for evaluation. METHODS: Duplicate diets were analysed for IS content by ion exchange chromatography, while IS intake was predicted from urinary sulphate (g/day S)-(urinary nitrogen (g/day)/18.89). (32)S:(34)S ratios were determined by liquid chromatography mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry. RESULTS: The range of IS intake was 1.3-37.5 mmol S/day. Actual and predicted IS intakes were mmol/day+/-s.e. 9.2+/-0.65 and 7.0+/-0.45, respectively, and were correlated r=0.60 (n=108). The mean half-life of ingested (34)SO(4)(2-) was 8.2 h. CONCLUSIONS: From a 24-h urine collection, IS intake from the habitual diet can be determined for groups of individuals. To predict individual intakes of IS, which may include high sporadic amounts from beer and wine, at least 48 h of urine collection would be required. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the validity of the Inter99 food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) compared with a 28-days' diet history and biomarkers. SUBJECTS: A random sample of 13 016 individuals were drawn from a general population and invited for a health screening programme. Participation rate was 52.5%. All high-risk individuals were re-invited for assessment after 1 and 3 years and completed a 198-item FFQ at all three occasions. Participants attending for 3 years follow-up were invited to participate in the validation study, including a 28-days' diet history, a 24-h urine collection and a fasting blood sample. Overall, 264 subjects participated. RESULTS: Spearman's rank correlation coefficients between the two dietary methods ranged from 0.31(beta-carotene) to 0.64 (fruits) in men and from 0.31 (polyunsaturated fat and sodium) to 0.64 (fruits) for women. The proportion of individuals classified in the same or adjacent quintiles were, on average, 72% for men and 69% for women. Gross misclassification was found on average in 2%. The correlation coefficients of the residuals ranged from 0.27 (sodium) to 0.61 (fruits) for men and from 0.21 (sodium) to 0.62 (B12-vitamin) for women. Correlation coefficients between fruit and vegetable intake and carotenoids ranged from -0.08 (lycopene) to 0.44 (alpha-carotene). For the residuals the correlation coefficients ranged from -0.004 (lycopene) to 0.47 (alpha-carotene). CONCLUSION: The Inter99 FFQ and the residuals of the intake provide acceptable classification of individuals according to their dietary intakes and the FFQ gives a good quantitative measurement of key dietary components. 
BACKGROUND: Low-fat, high-carbohydrate (LFHC) diets have been shown to increase plasma concentrations of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] and of triacylglycerol- rich lipoproteins (TRLs). OBJECTIVE: We tested whether increases in plasma Lp(a) induced by an LFHC diet are related to changes in TRLs. DESIGN: Healthy men (study 1; n = 140) consumed for 4 wk each a high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet (HFLC; 40% fat, 45% carbohydrate) and an LFHC diet (20% fat, 65% carbohydrate). Plasma lipids; lipoproteins; apolipoprotein (apo) B, A-I, and C-III; and Lp(a) were measured at the end of each diet. In a second group of men following a similar dietary protocol (study 2; n = 33), we isolated apo(a)-containing particles by immunoaffinity chromatography and determined the concentrations of apo C-III in ultracentrifugally isolated subfractions of apo B-containing lipoproteins. RESULTS: In study 1, plasma concentrations of Lp(a) (P < 0.001), triacylglycerol (P < 0.001), apo B (P < 0.005), apo C-III (P < 0.005), and apo C-III in apo B-containing lipoproteins (non-HDL apo C-III) (P < 0.001) were significantly higher with the LFHC diet than with the HFLC diet. Stepwise multiple linear regression analysis showed that the association of changes in Lp(a) with changes in non-HDL apo C-III was independent of changes in body mass index, apo B, LDL cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol. Plasma lipid and lipoprotein changes were similar in study 2, and we found that both total apo C-III and the apo C-III content of apo(a)-containing particles were increased in a TRL fraction consisting predominantly of large VLDL particles [TRL-apo(a)]. CONCLUSIONS: The increase in plasma Lp(a) with an LFHC diet is significantly associated with an increase in non-HDL apo C-III. Enrichment of TRL-apo(a) with apo C-III may contribute to this dietary effect on Lp(a) concentrations. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate 24-h urinary thiamine as a potential biomarker for thiamine intake for use in validation studies to assess the validity of dietary intake data collected by self-reporting dietary methods. SUBJECTS: Seven male and six female healthy participants living for 30 days in a metabolic suite under strictly controlled conditions consuming their usual diet as assessed beforehand from four consecutive 7-day food diaries kept at home. During the 30-day study, all 24-h urine specimens were collected, validated for their completeness and analysed for thiamine. RESULTS: Thirty-day mean (+/-s.d.) calculated thiamine intake was 2.22+/-0.55 mg/day. Thirty-day mean (+/-s.d.) urinary excretion of thiamine was 526.5+/-193.0 microg/day (24.7+/-8.10% of intake). There was a highly significant correlation between individuals' 30-day means of thiamine intake and their mean excretion level (r=0.720; P=0.006), where 1 mg of thiamine intake predicted 268.2 microg of thiamine in urine. The correlations between intake and excretion remained significant when measurement from a single 24-h urine collection was used (r=0.56). CONCLUSION: Twenty-four-hour urinary thiamine can be used as a concentration biomarker for thiamine intake in dietary validation studies. 
Previous studies demonstrated the inhibitory participation of serotonergic (5-HT) and oxytocinergic (OT) neurons on sodium appetite induced by peritoneal dialysis (PD) in rats. The activity of 5-HT neurons increases after PD-induced 2% NaCl intake and decreases after sodium depletion; however, the activity of the OT neurons appears only after PD-induced 2% NaCl intake. To discriminate whether the differential activations of the 5-HT and OT neurons in this model are a consequence of the sodium satiation process or are the result of stimulation caused by the entry to the body of a hypertonic sodium solution during sodium access, we analyzed the number of Fos-5-HT- and Fos-OT-immunoreactive neurons in the dorsal raphe nucleus and the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus-supraoptic nucleus, respectively, after isotonic vs. hypertonic NaCl intake induced by PD. We also studied the OT plasma levels after PD-induced isotonic or hypertonic NaCl intake. Sodium intake induced by PD significantly increased the number of Fos-5-HT cells, independently of the concentration of NaCl consumed. In contrast, the number of Fos-OT neurons increased after hypertonic NaCl intake, in both depleted and non-depleted animals. The OT plasma levels significantly increased only in the PD-induced 2% NaCl intake group in relation to others, showing a synergic effect of both factors. In summary, 5-HT neurons were activated after body sodium status was reestablished, suggesting that this system is activated under conditions of satiety. In terms of the OT system, both OT neural activity and OT plasma levels were increased by the entry of hypertonic NaCl solution during sodium consumption, suggesting that this system is involved in the processing of hyperosmotic signals.
High levels of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) are associated with increased risk of prostate cancer, whereas increased levels of some of its binding proteins (IGFBPs) seem to be protective. High intakes of dietary protein, especially animal and soy protein, appear to increase IGF-1. However, soy isoflavones have demonstrated anti-proliferative and apoptotic effects both in vitro and in vivo. We evaluated dietary intakes of total protein and soy isoflavones in relation to the IGF axis in prostate cancer patients making comprehensive lifestyle changes including a very low-fat vegan diet supplemented with soy protein (58 g/day). After one year, intervention group patients reported significantly higher intakes of dietary protein and soy isoflavones compared to usual-care controls (P < 0.001). IGF-1 increased significantly in both groups, whereas IGFBP-1 rose in the experimental group only (P < 0.01). Increases in vegetable protein over one year were associated with increases in IGFBP-1 among intervention group patients (P < 0.05). These results suggest that dietary protein and soy isoflavones, in the context of comprehensive lifestyle changes, may not significantly alter IGF-1. However, given the recent literature indicating that high intake of protein rich in essential amino acids (animal or soy protein) may increase IGF-1, it may be prudent for men with early stage prostate cancer not to exceed dietary protein recommendations.
OBJECTIVE: Little is known about the relation of modifiable dietary factors to circulating leptin concentrations, particularly in young adults and non-Western populations. We examined cross-sectional associations between nutrient and food intake and serum leptin concentration in young Japanese women. METHODS: Subjects were 424 female Japanese dietetic students 18-22 y of age. Intake of macronutrients (protein, total fat; saturated, monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated fatty acids; and carbohydrate), dietary fiber, and 12 food groups was assessed with a validated, self-administered, comprehensive, diet history questionnaire. Fasting blood samples were collected, and serum leptin concentrations were measured by radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: For nutrients, only dietary fiber was a significant determinant of serum leptin concentration. Increasing dietary fiber intake was associated with lower serum leptin concentration independent of potential confounding factors, including body mass index (mean serum leptin concentrations in the lowest and highest quintiles of dietary fiber intake were 8.6 and 7.5 ng/mL, respectively; P for trend = 0.026). Vegetables and pulses were the only foods significantly associated with serum leptin concentration, with higher intakes independently associated with lower concentrations (mean serum leptin concentrations in the lowest and highest quintiles of intake were 8.1 and 7.0 ng/mL, P for trend = 0.007, for vegetables and 8.8 and 7.6 ng/mL, P for trend = 0.019, for pulses, respectively). CONCLUSION: Intake of dietary fiber, vegetables, and pulses showed an independent inverse association with serum leptin concentration in a group of young Japanese women. 
OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the effects of a soy-based low-calorie diet on weight control, body composition, and blood lipid profiles compared with a traditional low-calorie diet. METHODS: Thirty obese adults (mean body mass index 29-30 kg/m(2)) were randomized to two groups. The soy-based low-calorie group consumed soy protein as the only protein source, and the traditional low-calorie group consumed two-thirds animal protein and the rest plant protein in a 1200 kcal/d diet for 8 wk. A diet record was kept everyday throughout the study. Food intake was analyzed before and after the study. Anthropometric data were acquired every week, and biochemical data from before and after the 8-wk experiment were compared. RESULTS: Body weight, body mass index, body fat percentage, and waist circumference significantly decreased in both groups (P < 0.05). The decrease in body fat percentage in the soy group (2.2%, 95% confidence interval 1.6-2.8) was greater than that in the traditional group (1.4%, 95% confidence interval -0.1 to 2.8). Serum total cholesterol concentrations, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, and liver function parameters decreased in the soy-based group and were significantly different from measurements in the traditional group (P < 0.05). No significant change in serum triacylglycerol levels, serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and fasting glucose levels was found in the soy or traditional group. CONCLUSION: Soy-based low-calorie diets significantly decreased serum total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations and had a greater effect on reducing body fat percentage than traditional low-calorie diets. Thus, soy-based diets have health benefits in reducing weight and blood lipids. 
Serum levels of interleukin-8 (IL-8) are increased in patients with alcoholic hepatitis and correlate with disease severity. The present study was aimed at investigating serum IL-8 levels in relation to different levels of alcohol consumption. Serum IL-8 was measured in (a) 459 individuals randomly selected from the general adult population, including 221 alcohol abstainers, 140 light drinkers (1-140 g/week), 53 moderate drinkers (141-280 g/week), and 45 heavy drinkers (>280 g/week), as well as (b) 137 alcoholics admitted to the hospital. The proportion of individuals with abnormally high (>10 pg/mL) IL-8 levels increased with alcohol use from 5.9% in abstainers to 10.7% in light, 13.2% in moderate, and 17.8% in heavy drinkers (P=0.004). This proportion was exceedingly high in alcoholics admitted to the hospital (70.1%, P<0.001 with respect to all other categories). Extremely high (>100 pg/mL) IL-8 levels were only observed among alcoholics, and were more frequent in females than in males (23.5% versus 9.7%, P=0.03) in spite of lower alcohol consumption among the former. These data indicate that the effect of alcohol on serum IL-8 levels begins with light-to-moderate drinking and is dose-dependent. Females may be more prone than males to develop extremely high IL-8 levels after heavy alcohol intake.
This is the first known report on the influence of vitamin B6-deficiency on the concentration of UDP-sugars and other uracil nucleotides in rats. Animals aged 3 weeks or 2 months were fed a vitamin B6-free diet for periods varying from 3 days to 7 weeks. Nucleotides were quantified by enzymatic-photometry and by SAX-high precision liquid chromatography. In 3 week-old rats, vitamin B6-deficiency resulted in an up to 6.3-fold increase in the concentrations of UTP, UDP, UMP and UDP-sugars and less of CTP in rat liver, while no changes were observed in older rats. In young rats, the concentration of uracil nucleotides started to increase after 1 week diet, with a maximum after 2 weeks. After 5 weeks, the concentrations returned to normal values. In heart, lungs, kidney and brain, concentrations were measured after 2 weeks diet in young rats. In contrast to liver, the heart muscle uracil nucleotide concentrations were decreased by 40%. In kidney, the sum of UTP, UDP and UMP showed a decrease of 40%, whereas UDP-sugars were increased 1.4-fold. In the lungs, nucleotide concentrations were mostly unaffected by vitamin B6-deficiency, despite a 70% increase of UDP-GA. In brain, UDP-Glc, UDP-Gal and the sum of CTP and CDP showed an increase of 30-50%. We became surprised that the increased UDP-sugar concentrations did not influence the structure of liver plasma membrane-N-glycans. Despite the 4 to 6-fold increase of UTP and UDP-sugars, no changes in the complexity or sialylation of these N-glycans could be detected. This study demonstrates that, especially in liver, pyridoxal phosphate is closely involved in the control of uracil nucleotides during a defined period of development. In contrast to in vitro experiments, in vivo N-glycan biosynthesis in liver is regulated by a more complex or higher mechanism than substrate concentrations.
Atherogenesis is thought to be mediated by local and/or systemic production of pro-inflammatory cytokines and omega-3 fatty acids have been implicated in reducing these inflammatory markers. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of an isocaloric diet supplemented with a plant-based dietary omega-3 fatty acid [alpha-linolenic acid (ALA)] on interleukin-6, C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. Subjects included healthy adult males and females (approximately 79% female, average age 38 years) with increased waist circumference (mean WC=99 cm) and body mass index (mean BMI=29.8 kg/m(2)) who were free of chronic disease, not taking medications, and sedentary. Control subjects (n=24) did not to alter their habitual diet and the ALA group (n=27) followed an enriched ALA diet by using flaxseed oil capsules (increasing ALA to 5% of total energy intake) and lowered their dietary fat consumption by a commensurate amount. Fasting blood samples were obtained before and after the 8-week intervention. We found no significant changes in the inflammatory factors after this 8-week dietary intervention. This study suggests there are no beneficial effects of an 8-week ALA intervention on these inflammatory factors among young, healthy, overweight/obese subjects whose inflammatory factors are not significantly elevated.
BACKGROUND: Erythrocyte fatty acids may be superior to plasma fatty acids for reflecting long-term fatty acid intake because of less sensitivity to recent intake and a slower turnover rate. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the fatty acid content of erythrocytes with that of plasma with respect to their abilities to reflect usual fatty acid intake. DESIGN: Fatty acids in plasma and erythrocytes were measured by capillary gas-liquid chromatography in 306 US women aged 43-69 y. Fatty acid intake was assessed with a food-frequency questionnaire, which was validated for measuring intakes of various fatty acids. RESULTS: Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) in erythrocytes and plasma provided the strongest correlations with its intake, but erythrocyte DHA concentrations [Spearman's partial correlation coefficient (r(s))=0.56] were better than plasma DHA concentrations (r(s)=0.48) as a biomarker. Total trans fatty acids (r(s)=0.43) and total 18:1 trans isomers (r(s)=0.42) in erythrocytes were also more strongly correlated with intake than were those in plasma (r(s)=0.30 and r(s)=0.29, respectively). Moderate correlations were observed for linoleic acid (18:2n-6; erythrocytes, r(s)=0.24; plasma, r(s)=0.25), alpha-linolenic acid (18:3n-3; erythrocytes, r(s)=0.18; plasma, r(s)=0.23), and eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5 n-3; erythrocytes, r(s)=0.38; plasma, r(s)=0.21). For polyunsaturated and trans fatty acids, correlations between intakes and biomarkers improved moderately when average intakes over previous years were used. CONCLUSION: Erythrocyte n-3 fatty acids of marine origin and trans fatty acid content are suitable biomarkers for long-term intake. 
OBJECTIVE: To measure the correlations between habitual intakes of individual n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and their percentages in total plasma fatty acids in a population of adult men and women. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Two hundred and seventy-six men and 257 women aged 45-60 (men) or 35-60 (women) at baseline, volunteers of the French SU.VI.MAX cohort. Fifteen 24-h record questionnaires were used to estimate the habitual intake of energy, total fat and linoleic, alpha-linolenic acid, arachidonic, eicosapentaenoic (EPA), n-3 docosapentaenoic (DPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. Fatty acid composition of fasting plasma total lipids has been determined at baseline. RESULTS: Dietary intakes of linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, EPA and DHA were weakly but significantly correlated (0.16<r<0.28, P<0.01) with their respective percentages in plasma total fatty acids in both men and women. No correlation was observed between the plasma levels of alpha-linolenic acid and its dietary intake, and between the plasma levels of arachidonic acid and long-chain n-3 PUFA and the intakes of their 18-carbon precursors, linoleic and alpha-linolenic acid, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The percentages of linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, EPA and DHA in plasma total fatty acids, but not that of alpha-linolenic acid, are acceptable markers of their habitual levels of intake. The plasma levels of long-chain n-6 and n-3 PUFA are not influenced by the intake levels of their precursors, linoleic and alpha-linolenic acids. 
BACKGROUND: Adequate folate status in pregnancy is important for satisfactory pregnancy outcome. AIM OF THE STUDY: The objective of the present study was to evaluate folate status in healthy pregnant women by assessing dietary folate intakes and measuring changes in folate-related biomarkers including plasma tHcy, serum vitamin B(12) (B(12)), and serum and RBC folate concentrations in each trimester and to examine their relation to fetal growth. METHODS: From 94 pregnant women, 3-day-dietary records were obtained and blood was collected for plasma total homocysteine (tHcy), serum B(12), and serum and red-blood cell (RBC) folate measurements. Infant anthropometric measurements were made immediately after birth. RESULTS: Average folate intake was less than 300 microg/day with a mean energy intake of about 1800 kcal. Mean serum and RBC folate concentrations declined significantly during gestation (p < 0.05). Mean serum B(12) also significantly decreased (p < 0.01), whereas plasma tHcy increased from 5.1 in the first trimester to 5.9 micromol/l in the third trimester (p < 0.01). Multiple regression analyses, after controlling for maternal age, parity and pre-pregnancy body-mass index indicated that a 1.0 micromol/l increase in plasma tHcy in the third trimester corresponded to a 151 g decrease in birth weight (p < 0.01). Neither B(12) nor folate concentrations in all three trimesters showed any significant associations with birthweight. Plasma pyridoxal-5'-phosphate concentrations were markedly low, and were consistent with low intake of vitamin B(6) in our population. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that higher plasma tHcy in the third trimester is a predictor of lower birth weight. In general, the dietary intake of B-vitamins and energy may be inadequate in our population, suggesting intervention is necessary. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate dietary intake and its relationship to lipid parameters in HIV-infected patients with metabolic abnormalities. METHOD: We prospectively determined dietary intake (4-day food records or 24-h recall) in 356 HIV-infected patients and 162 community-derived HIV-negative controls evaluated for metabolic studies between 1998-2005. Differences in dietary intake between HIV-infected patients and non-HIV-infected controls, in relation to the established 2005 USDA (United States Department of Agriculture) Recommended Dietary Guidelines, were determined. The relationship between dietary fat intake and serum lipid levels among HIV-infected individuals was also evaluated. RESULTS: Assessment of dietary intake in this group of HIV-infected patients demonstrated increased intake of total dietary fat (P < 0.05), saturated fat (P = 0.006), and cholesterol (P = 0.006) as well as a greater percentage of calories from saturated fat (P = 0.002) and from trans fat (P = 0.02), despite similar caloric intake to the control individuals. A significantly higher percentage of HIV-infected patients were above the 2005 USDA Recommended Dietary Guidelines for saturated fat (> 10%/day) (76.0% HIV vs. 60.9% controls, P = 0.003), and cholesterol (> 300 mg/day) (49.7% HIV vs. 37.9% controls, P = 0.04). Saturated fat intake was strongly associated with triglyceride level [triglyceride level increased 8.7 mg/dl (parameter estimate) per gram of increased saturated fat intake, P = 0.005] whereas total fat was inversely associated with triglyceride level [triglyceride level decreased 3.0 mg/dl (parameter estimate) per gram of increased total fat intake, P = 0.02] among HIV-infected individuals. CONCLUSIONS: Increased intake of saturated fat is seen and contributes to hypertriglyceridemia among HIV-infected patients who have developed metabolic abnormalities. Increased saturated fat intake should be targeted for dietary modification in this population. 
OBJECTIVE: To determine effects of daily intake of 1/2 cup pinto beans, black-eyed peas or carrots (placebo) on risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) and diabetes mellitus (DM) in free-living, mildly insulin resistant adults over an 8 week period. METHODS: Randomized, crossover 3x3 block design. Sixteen participants (7 men, 9 women) received each treatment for eight-weeks with two-week washouts. Fasting blood samples collected at beginning and end of periods were analyzed for total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein cholesterol, triacylglycerols, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, insulin, glucose, and hemoglobin A1c. RESULTS: A significant treatment-by-time effect impacted serum TC (p = 0.026) and LDL (p = 0.033) after eight weeks. Paired t-tests indicated that pinto beans were responsible for this effect (p = 0.003; p = 0.008). Mean change of serum TC for pinto bean, black-eyed pea and placebo were -19 +/- 5, 2.5 +/- 6, and 1 +/- 5 mg/dL, respectively (p = 0.011). Mean change of serum LDL-C for pinto bean, black-eyed pea and placebo were -14 +/- 4, 4 +/- 5, and 1 +/- 4 mg/dL, in that order (p = 0.013). Pinto beans differed significantly from placebo (p = 0.021). No significant differences were seen with other blood concentrations across the 3 treatment periods. CONCLUSIONS: Pinto bean intake should be encouraged to lower serum TC and LDL-C, thereby reducing risk for CHD. 
Measurement of plasma urea concentration is often used to identify a risk of dietary nitrogen-associated infertility. However, the use of plasma urea concentration in this way relies on it being an effective predictor for other potential toxic products associated with nitrogen metabolism (such as plasma or uterine ammonia). Recent research has shown that dietary nitrogen-associated infertility can be produced by diets which elevate plasma ammonia concentration without markedly increasing plasma urea concentration. Thus for cattle on different diets plasma urea concentration cannot be used to predict plasma ammonia concentration. This study evaluated whether plasma urea concentration could be used to predict plasma ammonia concentration in cattle kept on consistent diets. Data were analysed from a study where 42 cattle had been fed a control diet or the control diet plus 250 g urea per cow per day and had had weekly measurements of post-prandial plasma urea and ammonia concentrations. This analysis found that over a 100-d period, plasma urea concentration was relatively constant and unaffected by time while plasma ammonia concentration was significantly more variable, being affected by time since the study started, and whether cows began the study in the first or second group. Correlation between plasma ammonia and urea was limited; plasma urea concentration explained only 3.8% of the variation in plasma ammonia concentration. These data suggest that, even in cows on consistent diets, plasma urea concentration is not a good predictor of plasma ammonia, and that a simple urea threshold may not accurately identify the risk of dietary nitrogen-associated infertility.
Diet may both increase and decrease oxidative stress in the body. We compared the effects of four strictly controlled isocaloric diets with different intakes of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA, 11 or 3% of energy) and vegetables and fruit (total amount of vegetables and fruit 516 or 1059 g/10 MJ) on markers associated with oxidative stress in 77 healthy volunteers (19-52 years). Plasma protein carbonyls (2-aminoadipic semialdehyde residues) and whole-body DNA and nucleotide oxidation (urinary 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine excretion) tended to decrease in all treatment groups with no differences between the diets. The diets did not differ in their effects on red blood cell antioxidative enzyme activities, either. The results suggest that in healthy volunteers with adequate nutrient intakes, 6-week diets differing markedly in the amount of PUFA or vegetables and fruit do not differ in their effects on markers associated with oxidative stress.
We have previously shown that urinary sugars excretion in 24 h urine collections can serve as an independent biomarker of sugars consumption. In the European Prospective Investigation of Cancer (EPIC) Norfolk study of nutrition and cancer, this biomarker in spot urines has been assessed in a cross-sectional comparison of 404 obese individuals aged 45 to 75 years with a body mass index (BMI) of >30 kg/m(2) and 471 normal weight individuals aged 45 to 75 years with a BMI of <25 kg/m(2). In individuals of normal weight, sucrose, protein, and vitamin C intake were positively and highly significantly related to biomarkers in spot urine or plasma (P < 0.001), but there were no significant associations between biomarkers and food intake reports in the obese. Odds ratios for a BMI of >30 were significantly elevated for urinary sucrose [trend per milligram per liter quintile, 1.13; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.02-1.25; P = 0.016], and the odds ratio for urinary sucrose/fructose ratio was highly significant (trend per quintile, 1.264; 95% CI, 1.142-1.401; P < 0.001). No associations for sugars intake and obesity were found using a food frequency questionnaire, and dietary vitamin C was apparently associated with increased risk (P < 0.001) despite an inverse association for plasma vitamin C. Nutritional biomarkers of consumption can complement existing methods for assessing cancer risk from diet in epidemiologic studies.
The purpose of this study was to assess trace element levels in whole blood, serum and urine of 61 non-smoking adults living on the west coast of Canada and to determine their association with the following variables: age, gender, diet, participation in certain hobby and/or occupational activities, and levels of other trace elements. Participants or their spouses were employed as oyster growers and were originally recruited to study the absorption of cadmium from oyster consumption. Trace elements were measured using inductively-coupled plasma mass spectrometry. A telephone interview was used to assess participant's intake of selected foods and the amount of time they have spent on certain activities over the lifetime. Comparison of results to previous studies revealed that blood lead, blood mercury, serum nickel, serum selenium and urine molybdenum levels were generally higher in this study than have previously been measured, possibly due to higher consumption of seafood in this sample. Men had statistically higher levels of serum iron, blood lead, and serum selenium, while women had statistically higher levels of serum copper and blood manganese. Blood lead levels increased with age. Diet had a statistically significant association with several elements. Consumption of spinach, seaweed, organ meats, and shellfish tended to be positively correlated with trace element concentrations and consumption of various forms of potatoes tended to be negatively correlated. Several statistically significant correlations were also observed between trace elements.
OBJECTIVES: To determine the validity of the Pelvic Pain, Urgency, and Frequency (PUF) questionnaire according to its correlation with cystoscopy with hydrodistension (C-HD) findings. METHODS: A prospective study of new patients with a clinical history consistent with interstitial cystitis/painful bladder syndrome (IC/PBS) was undertaken. All patients underwent history and physical examination, urinalysis, and urine culture and completed a PUF questionnaire before undergoing C-HD. The pertinent data collected included the preoperative PUF scores, bladder capacity, and cystoscopic findings consistent with IC/PBS (petechial hemorrhage and/or terminal hematuria). Statistical analysis was performed. RESULTS: From June 1, 2005 to December 31, 2005, 97 patients with a new clinical diagnosis of IC/PBS were prospectively evaluated. All patients completed a PUF questionnaire before C-HD. The average PUF score was 21 (range 8 to 35). The mean bladder capacity was 756 mL (range 250 to 1400). The C-HD was positive in 54 (56%) of 97 patients. Of these 54 patients, 27 had a PUF score of less than 20, 22 had a PUF score of 20 to 29, and 5 patients had a PUF score of greater than 30. When evaluated statistically, no correlation was apparent between the PUF questionnaire scores and the cystoscopic findings of IC/PBS (P <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: As determined by the correlation with the C-HD, the PUF questionnaire appears to be neither a reliable predictor of IC/PBS nor a valuable predictor of disease severity. However, the inherent limitations of C-HD and the lack of a definitive diagnostic instrument for IC/PBS limit any authoritative conclusions. Therefore, the diagnosis of IC/PBS should remain one of exclusion and should depend on a constellation of widely recognized symptoms. 
The folate status and dietary folate intake of Taiwanese schoolchildren was investigated by analysis of both serum and red blood cell (RBC) folate levels and dietary folate intake in 1105 boys and 958 girls aged 6-13 years sampled from the Nutrition and Health Survey in Taiwan Elementary School Children 2001-2002 (NAHSIT Children 2001-2002). Mean serum folate levels were 18.3+/-8.8 nmol/L (8.1+/-3.9 ng/mL) in boys and 20.3+/-9.7 nmol/L (9.0+/-4.3 ng/mL) in girls. Mean RBC folate levels were 700+/-320 nmol/L (308+/-141 ng/mL) in boys and 751+/-347 nmol/L (331+/-153 ng/mL) in girls. The prevalence of serum folate deficiency was 1.4% in boys and girls, and the prevalence of marginal serum folate deficiency (7-14 nmol/L) was 31.1% in boys and 25.8% in girls. In addition, 8.5% of boys and 7.4% girls had RBC folate deficiency (RBC folate < 318 nmol/L), and 17% of children had marginal RBC folate deficiency (RBC folate of 318-454 nmol/L). Our results suggesting that Taiwanese schoolchildren have poor folate status especially during periods of rapid growth and development such as the transition from childhood to early adolescence (boys at age 12-12.9, girls at age 11-12.9). The average estimated folate intakes were 269+/-9 microg/d in boys and 259+/-9 microg/d in girls, and 42% of Taiwanese schoolchildren had a dietary folate intake below 2/3 of the RDA, indicating a poor dietary folate intake in this population. This study shows that the folate status of Taiwanese schoolchildren is currently inadequate and strategies are needed for improvement.
OBJECTIVE: It has been difficult to determine the sources of U.S. dietary iodine. This study was designed to validate a self-administered questionnaire about dietary iodine sources. DESIGN: We constructed a questionnaire to assess iodine intake in 46 healthy Boston-area adult volunteers. Questionnaire information was correlated with subjects' 24-hour food diaries. Spot morning urine cotinine (a metabolite of nicotine from cigarette smoking) and iodine concentrations were measured. MAIN OUTCOMES: 91% of 46 subjects were women [mean (+/- SD) age of 38 (+/- 10) years]. Information from 24-hour food diaries correlated well with questionnaire data. The median urinary iodine concentration (UIC) was 140 microg/L (range: 18-845 microg/L). There were significant positive associations between intake of yogurt (n = 9, p = 0.01) and saltwater fish (n = 6, p = 0.0003), and an inverse correlation between bagels (n = 5, p = 0.0006) and UIC. We found no associations between self-reported milk, iodized salt, tobacco use, or urinary cotinine and UIC. CONCLUSION: The questionnaire may not have been sufficiently comprehensive. Given the importance of adequate dietary iodine intake, particularly among women of childbearing age, further studies are warranted to determine important sources of dietary iodine in the United States. 
BACKGROUND: Both blood pressure and HDL cholesterol are affected by alcohol drinking. However, it has not been determined whether association of alcohol drinking with blood pressure varies depending on blood HDL level. METHODS: The subjects were male workers aged 20 to 29 year and 50 to 59 year (n = 21,301), representing young and middle ages, respectively, who had received periodic health checkup examinations. The subjects were divided into tertile groups by serum HDL level, and they were further divided into 3 subgroups based on the average daily alcohol intake [nondrinkers, light drinkers (<30 g of ethanol per day) and heavy drinkers (30 g or more of ethanol per day)]. Blood pressure and incidence of high blood pressure were compared among the 3 alcohol subgroups in each age and HDL group. RESULTS: In the lowest HDL tertile of 20 to 29-year-old subjects, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and incidences of high systolic and diastolic blood pressure were not significantly different among the 3 alcohol subgroups. In the middle and highest HDL tertiles of the twenties age group, systolic and diastolic blood pressure was significantly higher in heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers, and incidences of high systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly higher in drinkers than in nondrinkers. On the other hand, in all HDL tertile groups of 50 to 59-year-old subjects, blood pressure was significantly higher in light drinkers and heavy drinkers than in nondrinkers, and incidences of high systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly higher in drinkers than in nondrinkers. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that blood pressure of middle-aged men is elevated by alcohol drinking independently of blood HDL level and is more sensitive to drinking than is blood pressure of young men. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of soy protein containing isoflavones on homocysteine (Hcy), C-reactive protein (CRP), soluble E-selectin (sE-selectin), soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1). SUBJECT/METHODS: In a randomized crossover design, 34 postmenopausal women consumed soy protein isolate (26+/-5 g protein containing 44+/-8 mg isoflavones per day) or milk protein isolate (26+/-5 g protein per day) for 6 weeks each. Fasting blood samples were collected at the end of each diet period and end points analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: Concentrations of Hcy, CRP, sE-selectin, sVCAM-1 and sICAM-1 were not different between soy and milk diet treatments. Results did not differ by equol production status or by baseline lipid concentration. Adjustment for intake of folate and methionine did not alter the Hcy results. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that decreasing vascular inflammation and Hcy concentration are not likely mechanisms by which soy consumption reduces coronary heart disease risk. 
BACKGROUND: Heterogeneity in circulating lipid concentrations in response to dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may be due, in part, to genetic variations. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) is a proinflammatory cytokine that can induce hyperlipidemia and is known to be modulated by dietary PUFAs. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether TNF-alpha genotypes modify the association between dietary PUFA intake and serum lipid concentrations. DESIGN: The study involved 53 men and 56 women aged 42-75 y with type 2 diabetes. Dietary intakes were assessed with the use of a 3-d food record, and blood samples were collected to determine fasting serum lipids. DNA was isolated from blood for genotyping by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism for the TNF-alpha -238G-->A and -308G-->A polymorphisms. RESULTS: PUFA intake was positively associated with serum HDL cholesterol in carriers of the -238A allele (beta = 0.06 +/- 0.03 mmol/L per 1% of energy from PUFAs; P = 0.03), but negatively associated in those with the -238GG genotype (beta = -0.03 +/- 0.01, P = 0.03) (P = 0.004 for interaction). PUFA intake was inversely associated with HDL cholesterol in carriers of the -308A allele (beta = -0.07 +/- 0.02, P = 0.002), but not in those with the -308GG genotype (beta = 0.02 +/- 0.02, P = 0.13) (P = 0.001 for interaction). A stronger gene x diet interaction was observed when the polymorphisms at the 2 positions (-238/-308) were combined (P = 0.0003). Similar effects were observed for apolipoprotein A-I, but not with other dietary fatty acids and serum lipids. CONCLUSION: TNF-alpha genotypes modify the relation between dietary PUFA intake and HDL-cholesterol concentrations. These findings suggest that genetic variations affecting inflammation may explain some of the inconsistencies between previous studies relating PUFA intake and circulating HDL. 
Heat-treated carbohydrate-rich foods may contain high levels of acrylamide (AA). Crisp bread is a significant dietary AA source in the Nordic countries. We studied whether urinary metabolites of AA could be candidate biomarkers of AA intake and internal dose in mice following dietary crisp bread administration or sc injection. The crisp bread was experimentally baked to contain three different concentrations of AA: 0.19, 1.02, and 2.65 mg/kg, giving dietary exposures to AA of 0.024 +/- 0.002, 0.14 +/- 0.02, and 0.29 +/- 0.04 mg/kg bodyweight (bw)/day (mean +/- SD), respectively. A linear relationship was found between dietary AA exposure and urinary AA metabolites. On average, 55% of the ingested dose was recovered as urinary AA metabolites, and the molar proportions between the urinary metabolites showed similar proportions for the different doses. Urine AA metabolites were measured after sc injection of AA at doses of 0.05, 0.5, 5, and 50 mg/kg bw, and the urinary recovery for the three lowest doses was 54%. With the highest dose, 80% was recovered in urine, and the changed pattern of urinary metabolites indicated saturation of the metabolic conversion of AA to glycidamide. These results indicate that urinary metabolites of AA are good biomarkers of AA intake and internal dose up to 5 mg/kg bw/day. After sc injection of [(14)C]AA, 92% of the radioactivity was found in the urine and 2% in feces, liver, blood, and intestinal content (6% was not detected), demonstrating that sc AA was highly systemically available, that the major part AA metabolites was excreted, and that a significant portion of urinary AA metabolites (most likely glyceramide) was not accounted for by the present analytical method. Since the urinary recovery of AA after crisp bread feeding and sc injection was practically identical, an indicative "bioavailability" of AA from crisp bread was suggested to be approximately complete.
Coastal populations with high seafood consumption in the Mediterranean have a significant exposure to dietary methylmercury, and areas where environmental mercury pollution is an issue due to industrial activities are of special concern. The study was undertaken with the aim of assessing methylmercury exposure through fish consumption in a community of north Morocco and characterizing the relevant health risk. Concentrations of total mercury were determined in human hair, a biomarker of methylmercury exposure, and in locally consumed fish by cold vapour atomic absorption spectrophotometry. Based on consumption frequencies reported by the 108 subjects included in the study the weekly intake of methylmercury was estimated and biomarker data were evaluated in relation to the estimated intake and the sociodemographic characteristics of the population. Multiple regression analysis was employed for the interpretation of hair mercury data in relation to fish consumption frequency, gender and the age of individuals. Mercury concentrations in hair ranged from 0.22 to 9.56 microg g(-1) (geometric mean = 1.79 microg g(-1)) and were closely related to fish intake. Fisherman and their families consumed fish three to five times per week and were the most exposed population subgroup. A high proportion of women of child-bearing age (50%) had relatively high levels of mercury in their hair (3.08-7.88 microg g(-1)).
OBJECTIVE: To estimate the criterion validity of a self-administered questionnaire on urinary incontinence (UI) using a clinical stress UI test as reference. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 4710 women aged 20-59 years randomly selected from the municipalities of Aarhus and Randers (Denmark) participated in a population survey on UI. A sub-sample of 96 women stratified by the duration and frequency of UI answered an assisted, self-administered questionnaire concerning UI during the preceding 6 months. Subsequently, a clinical stress UI test was performed with the researchers being blinded with regard to the questionnaire information. RESULTS: Based on the clinical stress test and questionnaire, 22 (22.7%) and 21 women (21.6%) had stress UI, respectively. UI occurring in more than drops and UI lasting for > 4 weeks were found to be adequate predictors of UI (odds ratio 8.9 and 4.6; p < 0.001 and p < 0.05). Regarding all forms of UI, the agreement between the stress UI test result and the questionnaire data ranged from 51.0% to 77.1%. The probability of finding a positive stress UI test was 62% among women who answered that UI had lasted for > 4 weeks and occurred in more than drops, compared to 22.9% in the total study group. The sensitivity and specificity of the stress UI test among women in whom UI lasted for > 4 weeks and occurred in more than drops were 22.7% and 95.9%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that there is a greater probability of finding severe UI if the women have experienced it in more than drops and it has lasted for > 4 weeks and it is therefore necessary to estimate the degree of incontinence further by means of a stress UI test. In contrast, women who experienced UI in less than drops and for a duration of < 4 weeks only suffered from a very mild degree of UI. 
The tobacco-specific nitrosamine 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone (NNK) is a potent carcinogen, which can be characterized by urinary concentrations of the metabolite 4-(methylnitrosamino)-1-(3-pyridyl)-butanol (NNAL) and its glucuronide. Using baseline data in current smokers from four clinical trials, we examine the associations of urinary cotinine with CPD and of total NNAL with cotinine and the modification of these associations by several host factors. There was a linear relationship between ln(cotinine) and ln(CPD) within categories of the Fagerstrom Test of Nicotine Dependence and of age. The increasing trend was significantly smaller for subjects with high and very high nicotine addiction and for older subjects and larger in females than males. The regression of ln(total NNAL/cotinine) on ln(cotinine) declined linearly, suggesting reduced NNK uptake per unit cotinine with increasing cotinine. The decline in trend was greater in subjects with increased CPD, with greater nicotine addiction, and at older ages and was smaller in females, although gender differences were small. Variations in the ratio with host characteristics were generally similar to a recent epidemiologic analysis of effect modification of the association between lung cancer and cigarette smoking.
Epidemiological data suggest that a diet rich in animal foods may be associated with an increased risk of several cancers, including cancers of the prostate, colorectum and breast, but the possible mechanism is unclear. It is hypothesised that phytanic acid, a C20 branched-chain fatty acid found predominantly in foods from ruminant animals, may be involved in early cancer development because it has been shown to up regulate activity of alpha-methylacyl-coenzyme A racemase, an enzyme commonly found to be over-expressed in tumour cells compared with normal tissue. However, little is known about the distribution of plasma phytanic acid concentrations or its dietary determinants in the general population. The primary aim of the present cross-sectional study was to determine circulating phytanic acid concentrations among ninety-six meat-eating, lacto-ovo-vegetarian and vegan women, aged 20-69 years, recruited into the Oxford component of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC-Oxford). Meat-eaters had, on average, a 6.7-fold higher geometric mean plasma phytanic acid concentration than the vegans (5.77 v. 0.86 micromol/l; P < 0.0001) and a 47 % higher mean concentration than the vegetarians (5.77 v. 3.93 micromol/l; P = 0.016). The strongest determinant of plasma phytanic acid concentration appeared to be dairy fat intake (r 0.68; P < 0.0001); phytanic acid levels were not associated with age or other lifestyle factors. These data show that a diet high in fat from dairy products is associated with increased plasma phytanic acid concentration, which may play a role in cancer development.
Seafood and especially mollusks are known to be a rich source of cadmium (Cd), but little data are available concerning French seafood contamination and Cd exposure of French populations. The objective was then to assess food intake and biological level of Cd in high consumers of seafood, and to determine the impact of the consumption of self-fished mollusks on urinary Cd. Seafood consumption levels of 80 products were assessed for 1011 high consumers aged 18 and over in four French coastal areas, thanks to a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). According to a total diet study approach, seafood samples were collected taking into account preservation methods and supply habits. Food samples were analyzed for Cd. Exposure was assessed by crossing consumption data with contamination data. Total blood and urine samples were collected from 380 subjects of the cohort and analyzed for Cd. The impact of the self-collected mollusks consumption on the Cd biological level adjusted for creatinine was assessed by a multivariate linear regression model. The mean dietary intake of Cd is 2.44+/-3.34 microg/kg bw/wk and the mean urinary Cd (U-Cd) level is 0.65+/-0.45 microg/g creatinine, and is significantly higher in women than in men (P<0.05). The consumption of self-fished mollusks is significantly negatively associated with U-Cd (r=-0.11 [-0.185, -0.009], P=0.03). The results of this study indicate that the biological Cd levels remain below the standards, and also suggest a protective effect of self-fishing, which inspires confidence about the high consumer health safety in terms of Cd exposure.
The authors investigated the role of food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) design, including length, use of portion-size questions, and FFQ origin, in ranking subjects according to their nutrient intake. They also studied the ability of the FFQ to detect differences in energy intake between subgroups and to assess energy and protein intake. In a meta-analysis of 40 validation studies, FFQs with longer food lists (200 items) were better than shorter FFQs at ranking subjects for most nutrients; results were statistically significant for protein, energy-adjusted total fat, and energy-adjusted vitamin C. The authors found that FFQs that included standard portions had higher correlation coefficients for energy-adjusted vitamin C (0.80 vs. 0.60, p < 0.0001) and protein (0.69 vs. 0.61, p = 0.03) than FFQs with portion-size questions. However, it remained difficult from this review to analyze the effects of using portion-size questions. FFQs slightly underestimated gender differences in energy intake, although level of energy intake was underreported by 23% and level of protein intake by 17%. The authors concluded that FFQs with more items are better able to rank people according to their intake and that they are able to distinguish between subpopulations, even though they underestimated the magnitude of these differences.
African Americans in the southern United States have a high prevalence of chronic disease. Tocopherol intake and status have been associated with protection against several chronic diseases. Our objectives were, therefore, to examine the association between tocopherol intakes as measured by 2 regional FFQ and their corresponding concentrations in serum and to report on dietary sources of tocopherols in 404 men and women participating in the cross-sectional Diet and Physical Activity Sub-Study of the Jackson Heart Study. A large proportion (49% of men and 66% of women) reported dietary supplement use. Only 5.8% of men and 4.5% of women met the estimated average requirement (EAR) for vitamin E from foods alone, whereas 44.2% men and 49.2% women met it from foods and supplements. Total (diet + supplement) intake of alpha-tocopherol was associated with its corresponding measure in serum. Vitamin E supplement use, sex, serum cholesterol, education, and BMI, but not gamma-tocopherol intakes, were associated with serum gamma-tocopherol. For delta-tocopherol, associated variables included sex and serum cholesterol. The top food sources of alpha- and gamma-tocopherol were snack chips and the top food source of delta-tocopherol was margarine. Despite prevalent vitamin E supplement use, more than one-half of this population did not meet the EAR for alpha-tocopherol intake and very few met it from food alone. Supplement use was associated with higher alpha- but lower gamma-tocopherol concentration in serum. The possible health implications of this difference in relative tocopherol subtypes require further study.
Bai Ku Yao is an isolated subgroup of the Yao minority in China. Little is known about dyslipidemia in this population. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of demography, diet, and lifestyle on serum lipid levels between the Bai Ku Yao and Han populations. A total of 1,170 subjects of Bai Ku Yao and 1,173 subjects of Han Chinese aged 15-89 years were surveyed by a stratified randomized cluster sampling. The levels of total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I), and apoB were significantly lower in Bai Ku Yao than in Han. Physical activity level and total dietary fiber intake were higher, whereas body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, total energy intake, and total fat intake were lower in Bai Ku Yao than in Han. Hyperlipidemia was positively correlated with BMI, waist circumference, and total energy and total fat intakes and negatively associated with physical activity level and total dietary fiber intake in both populations, but it was positively associated with age and alcohol consumption only in Han. The differences in the lipid profiles between the two ethnic groups were associated with different dietary habits, lifestyle choices, and levels of physical activities.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate how life style factors such as alcohol consumption and physical activity relate to the serum apoB / apoA-I ratio in a cohort of middle-aged women with varying degrees of glucose tolerance. DESIGN: Observational, cross-sectional cohort study. SETTING: Research laboratory at a University Hospital. SUBJECTS: A screened cohort of 64-year-old postmenopausal women with varying degrees of glucose tolerance, ranging from diabetes (n = 232), impaired (n = 212) and normal (n = 191) glucose tolerance. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: ApoB / apoA-I ratio in relation to alcohol consumption and physical activity as assessed by questionnaires. RESULTS: Alcohol consumption and regular physical activity at high levels were inversely associated with the serum apoB / apoA-I ratio independently of confounding factors such as obesity, lipid-lowering treatment, degree of glucose tolerance and hormone replacement therapy. Alcohol seemed related to the apoB / apoA-I ratio mainly through increasing apoA-I, whereas physical activity seemed mainly related to lowering of apoB. Alcohol consumption above a daily intake of 8.9 g, i.e. less than a glass of wine was accompanied by a decrease in apoB / apoA-I ratio. CONCLUSIONS: Amongst these 64-year-old women with varying degrees of glucose tolerance, a moderate alcohol intake and regular physical exercise leading to sweating were associated with lower apoB / apoA-I ratio and these effects seem to be additive. 
AIM: Few studies have investigated the relationship between iron stores and measures of atherosclerosis. Most of these studies were cross-sectional and yielded conflicting results. We aimed to assess the relationship between serum ferritin concentrations and dietary iron intake measured at baseline and 7.5 year pulse wave velocity (PWV), intima-media thickness (IMT) and plaques in a group of 824 men and women without known CVD, cancer or hemochromatosis. METHODS: The SUVIMAX study is a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled primary prevention trial designed to test the effect of antioxidant supplementation in reducing ischemic cardiovascular diseases and cancer. RESULTS: In multivariate analyses, no association was found between baseline serum ferritin levels and IMT 7 years later (beta (95% CI)=0.003 (-0.005;0.011) in men; -0.005 (-0.013;0.004) and -0.001 (-0.011;0.009) in women, before and after menopause, respectively), plaques (OR (95% CI)=1.09 (0.88;1.34) in men; 0.93 (0.66;1.31) and 0.95 (0.70;1.29) in women, before and after menopause, respectively) or PWV (beta (95% CI)=0.078 (-0.154;0.310) in men; -0.018 (-0266;0.231) in women before and after menopause). Results for dietary iron intake were similar. CONCLUSION: Our results do not support the hypothesis that dietary iron intake and body iron stores are deleterious to the structure and function of large arteries in subjects free of CVD, cancer or hemochromatosis. 
BACKGROUND: Elevated total homocysteine (tHcy), a risk factor for many chronic diseases, can be remethylated to methionine by folate. Alternatively, tHcy can be metabolized by other 1-carbon nutrients, ie, betaine and its precursor, choline. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess the association between the dietary intakes of betaine and choline and the concentration of tHcy. DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis in 1477 women by using linear regression models to predict mean fasting tHcy by intakes of of betaine and choline. RESULTS: tHcy was 8% lower in the highest quintile of total betaine + choline intake than in the lowest quintile, even after control for folate intake (P for trend = 0.07). Neither choline nor betaine intake individually was significantly associated with tHcy. Choline from 2 choline-containing compounds, glycerophosphocholine and phosphocholine, was inversely associated with tHcy. These inverse associations were more pronounced in women with folate intake < 400 mug/d than in those with intakes >or=400 microg/d (P for interaction = 0.03 for phosphocholine) and in moderate alcohol drinkers (>or=15 g/d) than in nondrinkers or light drinkers (<15 g/d) (P for interaction = 0.02 for glycerophosphocholine and 0.04 for phosphocholine). The strongest dose response was seen in women with a low-methyl diet (high alcohol and low folate intake) (P for interaction = 0.002 for glycerophosphocholine and 0.001 for phosphocholine). CONCLUSIONS: Total choline + betaine intake was inversely associated with tHcy, as was choline from 2 water-soluble choline-containing compounds. Remethylation of tHcy may be more dependent on the betaine pathway when methyl sources are low as a result of either inadequate folate intake or heavier alcohol consumption. 
BACKGROUND: Age-related muscle loss (sarcopenia) is a prevalent condition associated with disability and mortality. Exercise and optimal nutrition are interventions to prevent and treat sarcopenia, yet little is known, outside of protein, of the effect of common nutrition recommendations and medication use on exercise-related muscle gain. METHODS: Forty-nine community-dwelling, 60- to 69-year-old men and women completed 2 weeks of nutrition education (American Dietetic Association recommendations) followed by 12 weeks of high intensity resistance exercise training (RET) with postexercise protein supplementation and 3x/wk dietary logs. RESULTS: We observed a dose-response relationship between dietary cholesterol (from food logs) and gains in lean mass that was not affected by variability in protein intake. Serum cholesterol and the serum cholesterol lowering agent statin were also independently associated with greater increases in lean mass. Dietary cholesterol was not associated with serum cholesterol or the significant reduction in blood pressure observed, but trends were observed for altered plasma C-reactive protein. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that dietary and serum cholesterol contribute to the skeletal muscles' response to RET in this generally healthy older population and that some statins may improve this response. 
In Bangladesh, some commonly consumed, indigenous, freshwater small fish species (eaten whole with bone, head and eyes) such as mola (Amblypharyngodon mola) are nutrient-dense, containing preformed vitamin A as retinol and especially 3,4-dehydroretinol. The objective of the present randomised, controlled efficacy study was to evaluate the effects of mola on biochemical indicators of vitamin A status. Children (n 196), aged 3-7 years, with serum retinol 0.36-0.75 micromol/l, were randomly allocated to one of three treatment groups to receive a daily test meal (6 d/week for 9 weeks) of rice and vegetable curry (no vitamin A) ad libitum and 50 g fish curry consisting of: (1) mola, 600 retinol activity equivalents (RAE) (using 40 % biological activity of 3,4-dehydroretinol isomers) (experimental group, n 66); (2) rui (Labeo rohita), a large fish (no vitamin A), with added retinyl palmitate, 600 RAE (positive control group, n 65); or (3) rui, 0 RAE (negative control group, n 65). The nutrient compositions of the dishes were analysed. After 9 weeks, no significant treatment effects were observed for serum retinol (P = 0.52) and retinol-binding protein (P = 0.81) in the experimental group compared with the negative control, whereas the positive control improved significantly (P < 0.001). The present results do not suggest conversion of the large amount of 3,4-dehydroretinol in mola curry to retinol. Further research on the functional effect of mola in humans is needed. Mola is a nutrient-dense animal-source food, rich in haem Fe, Zn and especially Ca, thus consumption of mola in Bangladesh should continue to be encouraged.
We examined the protective effect of dietary folate on benzene-induced chromosomal damage in bone marrow of mice regarding folate levels in diet and tissue. Male mice were fed either a deficient, basal, or high folate diet (0, 2, or 8 mg/kg diet, respectively) for 4 wk followed by a single dose of benzene. Plasma folate levels corresponded to those of dietary intake. Meanwhile, bone marrow, erythrocyte, and liver folate were decreased to 40% in the deficient group and almost saturated in the high group. Plasma homocysteine levels negatively correlated to levels of tissue folate. Chromosomal damage, evaluated by micronucleus assay, was not affected by folate status alone but was markedly enhanced by benzene, particularly in the deficient group (P < 0.05 vs. the basal and high groups). The activities of hepatic drug-metabolizing enzymes did not enhance benzene metabolism in the deficient groups, indicating that enhanced chromosomal damage was solely due to the low folate status. These results suggest that a low folate status can increase the risk of benzene-induced chromosomal damage in bone marrow, but excess folate intake does not enhance protection, as it is saturated in tissue.
Dietary carotenoids show numerous biological activities, including antioxidant activity, induction of apoptosis, and inhibition of mammary cell proliferation. Studies examining the role of carotenoid consumption in relation to breast cancer recurrence are limited and report mixed results. We tested the hypothesis that breast cancer survivors with high dietary and plasma carotenoids would show significantly lower levels of oxidative stress than breast cancer survivors with low dietary and plasma carotenoid levels. Two hundred seven postmenopausal breast cancer survivors from the Women's Healthy Eating and Living Study volunteered for this ancillary study. Dietary data were analyzed by the Arizona Food Frequency Questionnaire and plasma carotenoids alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lutein plus zeaxanthin, lycopene, and beta-cryptoxanthin and quantified with high-performance liquid chromatography, and immunoaffinity chromatography-monoclonal antibody-based ELISAs were used to analyze the urine samples for 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OhdG) and 8-iso-prostaglandin-F2alpha (8-iso-PGF2alpha). The correlations between dietary and plasma carotenoids were 0.34 for beta-carotene, 0.46 for alpha-carotene, 0.39 for beta-cryptoxanthin, 0.27 for lycopene, 0.30 for lutein plus zeaxanthin, and 0.30 for total carotenoids. The 8-OHdG oxidative stress biomarker was significantly reduced at the highest quartile of total plasma carotenoid concentrations (P = 0.001) and 8-iso-PGF2alpha was moderately reduced (P = 0.088). Dietary carotenoid levels were not significantly associated with oxidative, stress indicators, although dietary lycopene and lutein/zeaxanthin were modestly associated with 8-OHdG levels (P = 0.054 and 0.088, respectively). Key findings include a significant inverse association between total plasma carotenoid concentrations and oxidative stress as measured by urinary 8-OHdG and a moderately significant inverse association with 8-iso-PGF2alpha, a protective association that was not shown for dietary carotenoid intake.
PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to validate the Dutch version of the Brief Young Adult Alcohol Consequences Questionnaire (B-YAACQ). METHOD: The B-YAACQ was translated into the Dutch language and 800 students were invited to complete the questionnaire. A number of drinking behaviors were also assessed; including weekly drinking, age of drinking onset, and blood alcohol concentration on a typical night out. Students also completed a short version of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT-PC). RESULTS: Data from 667 undergraduate and graduate students (184 men and 483 women) who reported alcohol use during the past year was used in the analysis. On average, students in this study report 4.7 alcohol-related consequences. The Dutch B-YAACQ was shown to have a high reliability and validity: Cronbach's Alpha was 0.816, and B-YAACQ scores correlated significantly with AUDIT-PC scores (r=0.747). B-YAACQ scores correlated significantly (p<0.01) with various drinking variables, including drinking onset age, drinking days per week, alcoholic drinks per week, number of drinks on a night out and blood alcohol concentration when returning home. CONCLUSION: The Dutch B-YAACQ is a useful new tool for screening of alcohol-related consequences. 
Dried-bonito broth (DBB) has been confirmed to improve various symptoms related to fatigue, but the reasons for this have remained unclear. Hypothesizing that DBB improves peripheral circulation together with mood states, we performed a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover study in thirty-one healthy females. The subjects ingested DBB or a placebo for two weeks and changes in mood states after ingestion were investigated using the profile of mood states (POMS) questionnaire. The peripheral blood flow was also measured before and after ingestion of the test diet using a laser Doppler blood flow meter. The six mood factors and total mood disturbance score which reflect the mental states significantly improved, and a significant increase in peripheral blood flow was also found during DBB ingestion. As a result of correlation analysis between changes in each POMS score and changes in blood flow, it was suggested that a change in blood flow correlated with a change in some POMS factors and total mood disturbance. Based on these findings, we considered that blood flow may have increased in subjects whose mood states were markedly improved, suggesting that the improvement in mood states, including fatigue, was related to the increase in blood flow due to the improvement of peripheral circulation. To clarify whether DBB ingestion exhibits antioxidative activity, we investigated the urinary amounts of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) known as an oxidative stress marker and found that urinary excretion of the 8-OHdG for 24 h was significantly decreased during DBB ingestion. This study clarified that DBB ingestion improved mood states, increased peripheral blood flow, and decreased the oxidative stress marker.
Diet may be among the factors that mediate the acknowledged ethnicity and socioeconomic differentials in health. Biomarkers of nutritional exposure avoid reliance on biased self-reports of diet and allow an objective assessment of dietary differentials associated with ethnicity and socioeconomic position. We used data from the NHANES III (n = 13113) and NHANES 1999-2002 (n = 7246) to examine ethnic, education, and income differentials in serum concentrations of nutrients of putative public health importance (vitamins C, D, and E, folate, carotenoids, selenium, and ferritin) in U.S. adults. Multiple regression methods were used to adjust for covariates and complex survey design to examine these associations. The serum beta-cryptoxanthin and lutein + zeaxanthin concentrations, adjusted for education and income, were higher in nonwhites (P < 0.0001) relative to non-Hispanic whites. Non-Hispanic blacks had lower serum vitamins C and D, folate, and selenium concentrations relative to non-Hispanic-whites. The biomarker profile (except vitamin D, and folate and ferritin in women) of Mexican-Americans was comparable or better relative to non-Hispanic-whites. Ethnicity associations with mean biomarker concentrations generally paralleled these associations with the proportion of the population at risk of marginal concentrations. Education was an independent positive predictor of serum concentrations of several carotenoids and vitamin C (P <or= 0.01). Both education and income were independent inverse predictors of risk of marginal vitamin C concentration in men (P <or= 0.003). Relative to income, ethnicity and education were stronger independent predictors of several outcomes. Ethnic differences in status of several micronutrients persisted after adjustment for education and income, suggesting the importance of ethnicity-specific nutrition interventions.
Red meat consumption is associated with increased risk of colorectal cancer. We have previously shown that haemin, Hb and red meat promote carcinogen-induced preneoplastic lesions: aberrant crypt foci (ACF) and mucin-depleted foci (MDF) in rats. We have also shown that dietary Ca, antioxidant mix and olive oil inhibit haemin-induced ACF promotion, and normalize faecal lipoperoxides and cytotoxicity. Here we tested if these strategies are effective also against red meat promotion in dimethylhydrazine-induced rats. Three diets with 60 % beef meat were supplemented with calcium phosphate (31 g/kg), antioxidant agents (rutin and butylated hydroxyanisole, 0.05 % each) and olive oil (5 %). ACF, MDF, faecal water cytotoxicity, thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) and urinary 1,4-dihydroxynonane mercapturic acid (DHN-MA) were measured. Beef meat diet increased the number of ACF (+30 %) and MDF (+100 %) (P < 0.001), which confirms our previous findings. Promotion was associated with increased faecal water TBARs ( x 4) and cytotoxicity ( x 2), and urinary DHN-MA excretion ( x 15). Ca fully inhibited beef meat-induced ACF and MDF promotion, and normalized faecal TBARS and cytotoxicity, but did not reduce urinary DHN-MA. Unexpectedly, high-calcium control diet-fed rats had more MDF and ACF in the colon than low-Ca control diet-fed rats. Antioxidant mix and olive oil did not normalize beef meat promotion nor biochemical factors. The results confirm that haem causes promotion of colon carcinogenesis by red meat. They suggest that Ca can reduce colorectal cancer risk in meat-eaters. The results support the concept that toxicity associated with the excess of a useful nutrient may be prevented by another nutrient.
Our aim was to study the feeding behavior of healthy term infants in the first week of life and determine whether this was related to cord blood leptin, ghrelin, and insulin. A total of 100 healthy bottle-fed infants were studied by weighing bottles of milk before and after feeds. Leptin, total ghrelin, and insulin concentrations were measured in cord blood. Mean (SD) birth weight was 3.46 (0.43) kg. Mean milk intake increased from 196.7 (83.0) g on d 1 to 585.0 (128.4) g on d 7. Milk intake over the first 6 d was significantly associated with weight gain to d 7. There was no relationship between cord ghrelin or leptin and milk intake or feed frequency. Cord blood insulin was inversely related to the mean daily number of feeds over the first 6 d (r = -0.21, p < 0.05). Birth weight and milk intake are the major determinants of weight gain in the first week of life in healthy bottle-fed infants. Total cord ghrelin and leptin are not directly related to milk intake or feed frequency in the first week of life. Circulating insulin concentrations may have a role in the initiation of feeding behavior.
The iodine intake level in a population is determined in cross-sectional studies. Urinary iodine varies considerably and the reliability of studies of iodine nutrition and the number of samples needed is unsettled. We performed a longitudinal study of sixteen healthy men living in an area of mild to moderate iodine deficiency. Iodine and creatinine concentrations were measured in spot urine samples collected monthly for 13 months. From these data we calculated the number of urine samples needed to determine the iodine excretion level for crude urinary iodine and for 24 h iodine excretion estimated from age- and gender-specific creatinine excretions. We found that mean urinary iodine excretion varied from 30 to 87 microg/l (31 to 91 microg/24 h). Sample iodine varied from 10 to 260 microg/l (20 to 161 microg/24 h). Crude urinary iodine varied more than estimated 24 h iodine excretion (population standard deviation 32 v. 26; individual standard deviation 29 v. 21; Bartlett's test, P < 0.01 for both). The number of spot urine samples needed to estimate the iodine level in a population with 95 % confidence within a precision range of +/- 10 % was about 125 (100 when using estimated 24 h iodine excretions), and within a precision range of +/- 5 % was about 500 (400). A precision range of +/- 20 % in an individual required twelve urine samples or more (seven when using estimated 24 h iodine excretions). In conclusion, estimating population iodine excretion requires 100-500 spot urine samples for each group or subgroup. Less than ten urine samples in an individual may be misleading.
OBJECTIVE: Iron and zinc share common food sources, and children at risk of iron deficiency may also develop zinc deficiency. We determined the prevalence of zinc and copper deficiency and examined factors associated with serum zinc and copper in young children from low-income families at risk of iron deficiency. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study design was used to assess serum zinc and copper, along with an interview-assisted survey to assess factors associated with serum zinc and copper in a convenience sample. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Participants were 435 children aged 12 to 36 months recruited from select clinics of the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children in Contra Costa and Tulare Counties, California. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Frequencies were used to report prevalence. Multiple linear regressions were conducted to examine factors associated with serum zinc and copper, controlling for age, sex, and ethnicity. RESULTS: The prevalence of low serum zinc level (<70 microg/dL [<10.7 micromol/L]) was 42.8%, and low serum copper level (<90 microg/dL [<14.2 micromol/L]) was <1%. Mean+/-standard deviation of serum copper was 150+/-22 microg/dL (23.6+/-3.5 micromol/L) and 140+/-24 microg/dL (22.1+/-3.8 micromol/L) for anemic and non-anemic children, respectively (t test, P=0.026). In multiple linear regression consumption of sweetened beverages was negatively associated with serum zinc level, and consumption of >15 g/day meat was positively associated with serum zinc level, whereas current consumption of breast milk and >15 g/day beans were positively associated with serum copper level. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of low serum zinc concentration in the sample was high, and warrants further investigation amongst vulnerable populations. 
Cardiovascular diseases are among the worldwide leading causes of shorter life expectancy and loss of quality of life. Thus, any influence of diet or life habits on the cardiovascular system may have important implications for public health. Most world populations consume alcoholic beverages. Since alcohol may have both protective and harmful effects on cardiovascular health, the identification of biochemical mechanisms that could explain such paradoxical effects is warranted. The vascular endothelium is the target of important mediating pathways of differential ethanol concentrations, such as oxidative stress, lipoproteins, and insulin resistance. Alcohol-induced endothelial damage or protection may be related to the synthesis or action of several markers, such as nitric oxide, cortisol, endothelin-1, adhesion molecules, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-6, C-reactive protein, and haemostatic factors. The expression of these markers is consistent with the J-shaped curve between alcohol consumption and cardiovascular health. However, there is genetic and phenotypic heterogeneity in alcohol response, and despite the apparent beneficial biochemical effects of low doses of ethanol, there is not enough clinical and epidemiological evidence to allow the recommendation to consume alcoholic beverages for abstemious individuals. Considering the potential for addiction of alcoholic beverage consumption and other negative consequences of alcohol, it would be worthwhile to identify substances able to mimic the beneficial effects of low doses of ethanol without its adverse effects.
BACKGROUND: Moderate alcohol consumption is cardioprotective. The mechanism for this beneficial effect might be reduced inflammatory responses, as suggested by prospective studies and small clinical trials in men. No studies have evaluated the antiinflammatory effects of wine in women. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether low-dose intake of white and red wines has differential effects on inflammatory markers in women. DESIGN: In a crossover study, we randomly assigned 35 healthy women to two 4-wk periods of 20 g ethanol/d as white or red wine, preceded by two 4-wk washout periods. Before and after interventions, we measured serum lipids, circulating inflammatory biomarkers, cellular adhesion molecules (CAMs), and adhesion of monocytes to stimulated endothelial cells. RESULTS: HDL cholesterol increased, and the serum concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, CD40L, and interleukin-6 decreased after either wine (P < 0.01, all). Vascular CAM-1 and E-selectin decreased (P < 0.01) only after red wine. CAM expression by mononuclear cells was blunted after either wine, with a greater suppressant effect of red wine. Enhanced adhesion of monocytes to stimulated endothelial cells was reduced by 51% (95% CI: -57%, -45%) after white wine and by 89% (95% CI: -96%, -82%) after red wine (P = 0.01 for between-wine differences). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate wine consumption is associated with beneficial effects on various inflammatory pathways related to endothelial activation in women. Probably because of its higher polyphenol content, red wine shows superior antiinflammatory effects than does white wine. Reducing low-grade inflammation and endothelial activation may be another potential mechanism by which alcoholic beverages exert their cardioprotective effect. 
BACKGROUND: A low plasma HDL-cholesterol concentration is a major characteristic of diabetic dyslipidemia. HDL concentrations are determined by both environmental factors and genetic factors. Cholesterol ester transfer protein (CETP) plays an important role in the regulation of HDL metabolism, and the TaqIB polymorphism of the CETP gene has been associated with elevated HDL concentrations. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between the CETP TaqIB polymorphism and plasma HDL concentrations and evaluated whether this association was modified by dietary fat intake. DESIGN: We followed 780 diabetic men aged 40-75 y who participated in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study since its initiation in 1986. The participants had confirmed type 2 diabetes and were free of cardiovascular disease at the time blood was drawn. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, smoking, alcohol consumption, fasting status, hemoglobin A(1c), physical activity, total energy intake, and body mass index, HDL concentrations were significantly higher in men with the B2B2 or B1B2 genotype than in those with the B1B1 genotype (adjusted x +/- SE: 37.9 +/- 0.02, 40.3 +/- 0.01, and 42.6 +/- 0.02 mg/dL for B1B1, B1B2, and B2B2, respectively; P for trend = 0.0004). This inverse association of the B1 allele with plasma HDL concentrations existed for those with a high consumption of animal fat (P for interaction = 0.02), saturated fat (P for interaction = 0.02), and monounsaturated fat (P for interaction = 0.04). CONCLUSION: These data confirmed a significant effect of the CETP Taq1 gene on HDL concentrations and suggested a potential interaction between the CETP TaqIB polymorphism and intake of dietary fat on plasma HDL concentration. 
BACKGROUND: Blood of cigarette smokers routinely displays decreased antioxidant capacity and increased oxidized lipids compared to nonsmokers. This is thought to be due to both chronic exposure to cigarette smoke in addition to low intake of dietary antioxidants, and is a routine finding in veteran smokers. No study to date has determined the independent and combined impact of dietary intake and cigarette smoking on blood antioxidant capacity and oxidative stress in a sample of young, novice smokers. METHODS: We compared resting plasma antioxidant reducing capacity (ARC; expressed in uric acid equivalents), serum trolox-equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC), whole blood total glutathione, plasma malondialdehyde (MDA), and plasma oxidized low density lipoprotein (oxLDL) between 15 young (24 +/- 4 years), novice smokers (pack-year history: 3 +/- 2) and 13 nonsmokers of similar age (24 +/- 5 years). Detailed dietary records were maintained during a seven-day period for analysis of total energy, macro- and micronutrient intake. RESULTS: ARC (0.0676 +/- 0.0352 vs. 0.1257 +/- 0.0542 mmolxL-1; mean +/- SD, p = 0.019), TEAC (0.721 +/- 0.120 vs. 0.765 +/- 0.130 mmolxL-1, p = 0.24) and glutathione (835 +/- 143 vs. 898 +/- 168 micromolxL-1, p = 0.28) were lower in smokers compared to nonsmokers, with only the former being statistically significant. MDA (0.919 +/- 0.32 vs. 0.647 +/- 0.16 mumolxL-1, p = 0.05) and oxLDL were both higher in smokers compared to nonsmokers (229 +/- 94 vs. 110 +/- 62 ngxmL-1, p = 0.12), although only the MDA comparison was of statistical significance. Interestingly, these findings existed despite no differences in dietary intake, including antioxidant micronutrient consumption, between both smokers and nonsmokers. CONCLUSION: These data, with specificity to young, novice cigarette smokers, underscore the importance of smoking abstinence. Future studies with larger sample sizes, inclusive of smokers of different ages and smoking histories, are needed to extend these findings. 
OBJECTIVE: To review evidence relating to the consumption of whole grains and healthy body weight (BW). DESIGN: Systematic review and analysis of observational studies reporting whole-grain consumption and measures of BW and adiposity, including the effect on macronutrient intakes and lifestyle factors. SETTING: Medline and other databases were searched for the period 1990 to 2006 to produce a full reference list; observational studies were retained for further analysis if they included an appropriate control group and reported whole-grain intake and body mass index (BMI) or a measure of adiposity. SUBJECTS: Fifteen trials were identified which included data from 119 829 male and female subjects aged 13 years and over. RESULTS: The combined and weighted mean difference in BMI from 15 studies representing 20 treatment groups (n = 119 829) using a random-effects model was 0.630 kg/m2 lower when high versus low whole-grain intake was compared, P < 0.0001 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.460, 0.800 kg/m2). In high consumers, adiposity assessed as waist circumference was reduced by 2.7 (95 % CI 0.2, 5.2) cm, P = 0.03 (six data sets, n = 4178) or as waist:hip ratio by 0.023 (95 % CI 0.016, 0.030), P < 0.0001 (four data sets, n = 20 147). Higher intake of whole grains led to increased dietary fibre intake (9 g, P < 0.01), while total and saturated fat intakes decreased by 11 g and 3.9 g, respectively. CONCLUSION: A higher intake of whole grains (about three servings per day) was associated with lower BMI and central adiposity. In addition, people who consume more whole grains are likely to have a healthier lifestyle as fewer of them smoke, they exercise more frequently and they tend to have lower fat and higher fibre intakes. 
Many clinical studies have shown high-dose supplemental soy protein has beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk factors. We examined the association between habitual soyfood intake and carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and plasma lipids in a cross-sectional study including 406 (M 134, F 272) middle-aged Chinese adults (40-65 years) without confirmed relevant diseases. We found significantly dose-respondent decreases in bifurcation IMT, total and LDL cholesterol associated with increased usual soyfood intake after adjusting for potential confounders (p for trend, all p<0.05). Covariate-adjusted mean bifurcation IMT, total and LDL cholesterol decreased by 9.4%, 6.2% and 10.4% in women (p=0.020, 0.035, 0.110), 16.0%, 12.3% and 19.6% in men (p=0.036, 0.005, 0.002), and 9.9%, 9.3% and 15.4% in total men and women combined (p=0.010, <0.001, <0.001) when the mean intake of soy protein increased from 0.87 (F) or 0.64 (M) g/day (1st tertile) to 8.35 (F) or 7.48 (M) g/day (3rd tertile), respectively. Significant interaction between sex and soy consumption on bifurcation IMT was observed (p=0.008). In conclusion, higher habitual soyfood consumption is associated with decreased bifurcation IMT, plasma TC and LDL-c in middle-aged Chinese adults. The association is more apparent in men than in women.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Pediatric hypertension is urgently increasing in Greece. The purpose of this study is to record the prevalence of hypertension in schoolchildren and to relate dietary minerals to blood pressure (BP). METHODS AND RESULTS: 308 males and 298 females, aged 7-15 years, from 10 schools in Northern Greece participated in the study. BP and dietary minerals were measured in all children. Twenty-seven and 12.3% of boys and 21.2 and 15.1% of girls were diagnosed with prehypertension systolic BP and systolic hypertension, respectively. For diastolic BP, 19 and 13.3% of boys and 21.5 and 15.1% of girls were diagnosed with prehypertension diastolic BP and diastolic hypertension, respectively. Systolic BP was significantly positively associated with age (beta: 0.283, 95% CI: 1.440-2.484, p < 0.001), BMI (beta: 0.267, 95% CI: 0.830-1.489, p < 0.001) and potassium (beta: 0.139, 95% CI: 0.001-0.005, p < 0.001) and negatively related to Ca (beta: -0.160, 95% CI: -0.012 to 0.002, p = 0.007). Diastolic BP was positively related only to BMI (beta: 0.194, 95% CI: 0.380-0.968, p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: The current study tried to estimate the prevalence of hypertension among children in Northern Greece. Early prevention through nutrition education programs on BP that include diet and exercise modifications is urgently needed in order to avoid certain chronic risk factors in early life. 
Dietary carotenoids are associated with a reduced risk of chronic diseases. Raw food diets are predominantly plant-based diets that are practised with the intention of preventing chronic diseases by virtue of their high content of beneficial nutritive substances such as carotenoids. However, the benefit of a long-term adherence to these diets is controversial since little is known about their adequacy. Therefore, we investigated vitamin A and carotenoid status and related food sources in raw food diet adherents in Germany. Dietary vitamin A, carotenoid intake, plasma retinol and plasma carotenoids were determined in 198 (ninety-two male and 106 female) strict raw food diet adherents in a cross-sectional study. Raw food diet adherents consumed on average 95 weight% of their total food intake as raw food (approximately 1800 g/d), mainly fruits. Raw food diet adherents had an intake of 1301 retinol activity equivalents/d and 16.7 mg/d carotenoids. Plasma vitamin A status was normal in 82% of the subjects (> or = 1.05 micromol/l) and 63% had beta-carotene concentrations associated with chronic disease prevention (> or = 0.88 micromol/l). In 77% of subjects the lycopene status was below the reference values for average healthy populations (< 0.45 micromol/l). Fat contained in fruits, vegetables and nuts and oil consumption was a significant dietary determinant of plasma carotenoid concentrations (beta-carotene r 0.284; P < 0.05; lycopene r 0.168; P = 0.024). Long-term raw food diet adherents showed normal vitamin A status and achieve favourable plasma beta-carotene concentrations as recommended for chronic disease prevention, but showed low plasma lycopene levels. Plasma carotenoids in raw food adherents are predicted mainly by fat intake.
BACKGROUND & AIMS: This study aimed to determine the relationship between blood lead concentrations and calcium, iron and vitamin C dietary intakes of pregnant women. METHODS: Included in the study were 55 women admitted to a hospital, for delivery, from June to August 2002. A food frequency questionnaire was applied to determine calcium, iron and vitamin C intakes, and a general questionnaire to obtain data on demographic-socioeconomic condition, obstetric history, smoking habit, and alcohol intake. Blood lead and haemoglobin were determined, respectively, by atomic absorption spectrometry and by the haemoglobinometer HemoCue. Multiple linear regression models were used to determine the relationship between blood lead and calcium, iron and vitamin C intakes, and haemoglobin levels, controlling for confounders. RESULTS: The final model of the regression analysis detected an inverse relationship between blood lead and age of the women (p=0.011), haemoglobin (p=0.001), vitamin C (p=0.012), and calcium intake (p<0.001) (R(2)=0.952). One hundred percent, 98.2% and 43.6% of the women were below the adequate intake (AI) for calcium, and below the recommended dietary allowances (RDA) for iron, and vitamin C, respectively. CONCLUSION: Despite the small sample size, the results of this study suggest that maternal age, haemoglobin, vitamin C intake, and calcium intake may interfere with blood concentrations of lead. 
Evidence exists that a more acidic diet is detrimental to bone health. Although more precise methods exist for measurement of acid-base balance, urine pH reflects acid-base balance and is readily measurable but has not been related to habitual dietary intake in general populations. The present study investigated the relationship between urine pH and dietary acid-base load (potential renal acid load; PRAL) and its contributory food groups (fruit and vegetables, meats, cereal and dairy foods). There were 22,034 men and women aged 39-78 years living in Norfolk (UK) with casual urine samples and dietary intakes from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Norfolk FFQ. A sub-study (n 363) compared pH in casual samples and 24 h urine and intakes from a 7 d diary and the FFQ. A more alkaline diet (low PRAL), high fruit and vegetable intake and lower consumption of meat was significantly associated with a more alkaline urine pH before and after adjustment for age, BMI, physical activity and smoking habit and also after excluding for urinary protein, glucose, ketones, diagnosed high blood pressure and diuretic medication. In the sub-study the strongest relationship was found between the 24 h urine and the 7 d diary. In conclusion, a more alkaline diet, higher fruit and vegetable and lower meat intake were related to more alkaline urine with a magnitude similar to intervention studies. As urine pH relates to dietary acid-base load its use to monitor change in consumption of fruit and vegetables, in individuals, warrants further investigation.
OBJECTIVES: Intake and status of carotenoids have been associated with chronic disease. The objectives of this study were to examine the association between carotenoid intakes as measured by two regional food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs) and their corresponding measures in serum, and to report on dietary food sources of carotenoids in Jackson Heart Study (JHS) participants. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis of data for 402 African American men and women participating in the Diet and Physical Activity Sub-Study (DPASS) of the JHS. RESULTS: Mean serum carotenoid concentrations and intakes in this population were comparable to those reported for the general US population. After adjustment for covariates, correlations between serum and dietary measures of each carotenoid, for the average of the recalls (deattenuated), the short FFQ and the long FFQ, respectively, were: 035 and 0-carotene; 026 and 0-carotene; 017 and 0-carotene; 034 and 0-cryptoxanthin; 015 and 037, 014 for lycopene. Major dietary sources of -carotene and lutein plus zeaxanthin, mustard, turnip and collard greens; of beta-cryptoxanthin, orange juice; and of lycopene, tomato juice. CONCLUSIONS: On average, carotenoid intakes and serum concentrations are not lower in this southern African American population than the general US population. The two regional FFQs developed for a southern US population and used as dietary assessment tools in the JHS appear to provide reasonably valid information for most of these carotenoids. 
OBJECTIVE: To measure the association between dietary fiber intake and eleven hormones and peptides in postmenopausal breast cancer survivors. METHODS: Intake of fiber from food and supplements was measured two to three years after breast cancer diagnosis in 493 postmenopausal women from three western states. Concurrently, a fasting blood sample was obtained for assay of estrone, estradiol, free estradiol, testosterone, free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), leptin, C-peptide, insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF1), and IGF-binding protein-3. Adjusted means of these hormones and peptides were calculated for categories of fiber intake. RESULTS: High intake of dietary fiber was significantly (P<or=0.05) associated with low serum levels of estradiol and free estradiol and with high serum levels of IGF1. The combination of high dietary fiber intake and use of fiber supplements was additionally associated with low serum levels of C-peptide. The magnitude of the difference in hormone/peptide values, comparing high fiber intake to low fiber intake, varied from 16 to 28%, and the associations were independent of multiple confounding variables. CONCLUSION: High fiber diets may be beneficial to postmenopausal breast cancer survivors due to fiber's favorable influence on sex hormones and peptides known to affect breast cancer prognosis. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Milk and dairy products are the main sources of iodine in the Norwegian diet. This is due to a high consumption of milk and dairy products combined with a relatively high concentration of iodine in milk because of mandatory iodine fortification of cow fodder. The aim of the present study was to investigate the relation between 24-h urinary iodine excretion and estimated dietary intake, and to explore the use of 24-h urinary iodine excretion as a possible biomarker for the intake of milk and dairy products when assessing the validity of a new food frequency questionnaire for pregnant women participating the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). SUBJECT/METHODS: 119 women participated in a validation study. Iodine was analyzed in 24-h urine. Dietary intakes were estimated by a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and a 4-day weighed food diary (FD). Using linear regression, predictors of urinary iodine excretion were identified. The triangular method was applied to calculate validity coefficients. RESULTS: Significant predictors of 24-h urinary iodine excretion were: intake of dairy products, iodine-containing supplements and intake of fruit/vegetables. Fish/seafood intake and time of the year influenced 24-h urinary iodine excretion, although not significantly. The validity coefficients observed for total intake of dairy products were 0.65, 0.94 and 0.52 for the FFQ, the FD and the 24-h urinary iodine excretion, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed that 24-h urinary iodine excretion may be a useful biomarker for validating the intake of milk and dairy products in pregnant Norwegian women. 
To test whether the beneficial effects of coffee consumption in metabolism might be explained by changes in circulating levels of adiponectin, we evaluated self-reported habitual coffee and tea consumption and caffeine intake as predictors of plasma adiponectin concentrations among 982 diabetic and 1,058 nondiabetic women without cardiovascular disease from the Nurses' Health Study. Women with and without diabetes who drank >or=4 cups of coffee per day had significantly higher adiponectin concentrations than those who didn't drink coffee regularly (7.7 vs. 6.1 microg/ml, respectively, in diabetic women, P = 0.004; 15.0 vs. 13.2 microg/ml in nondiabetic women, P = 0.04). Similar associations were observed for caffeine intake. We confirm previously reported inverse associations of coffee consumption with inflammatory markers, C-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor II. Adjustment for adiponectin did not weaken these associations, and adjustment for inflammatory markers did not attenuate the association between coffee consumption and adiponectin concentrations. High consumption of caffeine-containing coffee is associated with higher adiponectin and lower inflammatory marker concentrations.
PURPOSE: We sought to examine associations among measures of caffeine exposure, including maternal urine, umbilical cord blood, and maternal self report. METHODS: Pregnant women were recruited from 56 obstetric practices and 15 clinics associated with six hospitals in Connecticut and Massachusetts between September 1996 and January 2000; 3633 women were enrolled. Maternal urine throughout pregnancy and umbilical cord blood samples were analyzed for caffeine, paraxanthine, theophylline, and theobromine. Maternal caffeine intake was assessed throughout pregnancy. RESULTS: Urinary and cord blood biomarkers were correlated with reported intake throughout pregnancy (range r = 0.35-0.66; p < 0.0001). Infants of smokers had greater cord blood concentrations of paraxanthine, reflecting faster caffeine metabolism in smokers, and cord blood paraxanthine levels were more strongly correlated with intake in smokers. CONCLUSION: Maternal self reported intake may still be the optimal and most valid measure of antenatal caffeine exposure, since biomarkers do not reflect exposure over pregnancy. 
Experimental data indicate that the cardiorenal effects of aldosterone excess are dependent on concomitant high dietary salt intake. Such an interaction of endogenous aldosterone and dietary salt has not been observed previously in humans. We assessed the hypothesis that excess aldosterone and high dietary sodium intake combine to worsen proteinuria in patients with resistant hypertension. Consecutive subjects with resistant hypertension (n=84) were prospectively evaluated by measurement of 24-hour urinary aldosterone (Ualdo), sodium, and protein (Uprot) excretion. Subjects were analyzed according to aldosterone status (high: Ualdo >or=12 microg/24 hours; or normal: <12 microg/24 hours) and dietary salt intake based on tertiles of urinary sodium. The mean clinic blood pressure for all of the subjects was 161.4+/-22.4/89.8+/-13.5 mm Hg on an average of 4.3 medications. There was no blood pressure difference between study groups. Uprot was significantly higher in the 38 subjects with high Ualdo compared with the 46 subjects with normal Ualdo (143.0+/-83.8 versus 95.9+/-81.7 mg/24 hours; P=0.01). Among subjects with high Ualdo, Uprot increased progressively across urinary sodium groups (P<0.05). In contrast, there was no difference in Uprot across sodium tertiles among subjects with normal Ualdo. A positive correlation between Uprot and urinary sodium (r=0.47; P=0.003) was observed in subjects with high Ualdo but not in subjects with normal Ualdo (r=0.18; P value not significant). These results suggest that aldosterone excess and high dietary salt combine to increase urinary protein excretion.
Given the possible breast cancer preventive effects of isoflavones, substances with an estrogen-like structure occurring in soybeans, it is of interest to assess levels directly in the breast. The objective of this pilot study was to measure isoflavones in nipple aspirate fluid. In a pilot study with 11 women, nipple aspirate fluid and urine samples were collected at baseline and after 1 month of consuming two servings of soymilk per day. In a parallel investigation, one woman donated nipple aspirate fluid, blood, and urine on the same day after consuming different amounts of soy for 9 days. Nipple aspirate fluid was collected with an aspirator, diluted 1 : 11, and stored at -20 degrees C. Isoflavonoids in nipple aspirate fluid, serum, and urine were liquid-liquid extracted after enzymatic hydrolysis followed by liquid chromatography electrospray ionization high resolution tandem mass spectrometry analysis using triply C labeled internal isoflavonoid standards. After the 30-day soy intervention, median nipple aspirate fluid yield changed very little (P=0.47), whereas urinary isoflavonoid excretion (P=0.04) and isoflavonoid levels in nipple aspirate fluid (P=0.12) increased substantially. For the nine samples collected in one participant, isoflavonoids measured in nipple aspirate fluid, plasma, and urine were highly correlated with the number of daily soy servings and with each other. This pilot study indicates that isoflavonoids in nipple aspirate fluid are 10 times lower than in plasma and are closely related to levels of isoflavonoids in urine and plasma. These findings show that isoflavonoids are present in breast fluid and may act directly on breast tissue.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Creation of a continent catheterizable stoma has dramatically improved the ability of the patient with spinal cord injury to perform clean intermittent catheterization (CIC). However, not all patients are good candidates for this procedure. To aid in patient evaluation, we propose the use of a functional questionnaire to predict a candidate's ability to negotiate a continent catheterizable stoma. METHODS: A published functional questionnaire was adapted to assess the self-perceived ability to perform upper extremity tasks similar to those involved in the manipulation of catheter. Tetraplegic patients who had undergone creation of a content catheterizable stoma were given the questionnaire and asked to describe demographics, method of catheterization, motivational factors, and satisfaction with the procedure. RESULTS: Subjects varied in age (23-36 years) and level of impairment (C4-C6). Functional scores correlated with level of injury. Of the 4 women and 1 man who responded, only 2 were able to self-catheterize before diversion. Their catheterization times decreased significantly after creation of a continent stoma. Two patients unable to perform CIC preoperatively were able to perform CIC postoperatively. The patient with the lowest score was unable to perform CIC preoperatively or postoperatively. All were satisfied with outcome after diversion. CONCLUSIONS: In our small cohort, a low functional score was associated with inability to perform CIC after continent diversion. Administration of this questionnaire to a larger spinal cord injury population should aid in selecting appropriate candidates for the creation of a continent catheterizable stoma. 
The purpose of this investigation was to determine whether carbohydrate supplementation during the first 2 d postexercise recovery influenced the inflammation (IL-6, C-reactive protein [CRP], and cortisol) and muscle-damage responses. Eight participants performed a high-force eccentric elbow-flexion exercise to induce muscle soreness and inflammation and then consumed carbohydrate (0.25 g.kg(-1).h(-1)) or an equal volume of placebo during hours 0-12 and 24-36 postexercise in a double-blind, crossover protocol. Muscle soreness; midbrachial arm circumference; blood glucose, IL-6, CRP, cortisol, and creatine-kinase (CK) activity; and maximal force production were measured preexercise and 4, 8, 12, 24, 48, and 120 h postexercise. Plasma IL-6 increased, F(5) = 5.27, P < 0.05, 8 h postexercise, with no difference between carbohydrate and placebo conditions. Changes in muscle soreness, arm circumference, strength, and serum CK activity were consistent with small amounts of muscle damage and did not differ between conditions. The authors conclude that carbohydrate supplementation during recovery from soreness-inducing exercise does not influence the delayed IL-6 response temporally linked to inflammation or indications of muscle damage. Thus, increased carbohydrate consumption at levels consistent with recommendations for replenishing glycogen stores does not impair or promote the immune and muscle responses.
BACKGROUND: Lack of adherence to recommended evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with use of central venous catheters may be due to nurses' lack of knowledge of the guidelines. OBJECTIVE: To develop a reliable and valid questionnaire for evaluating critical care nurses' knowledge of evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with central venous catheters. METHODS: A total of 10 nursing-related strategies were identified from current evidence-based guidelines for preventing infections associated with use of central venous catheters. Face and content validation were determined for selected interventions and multiple-choice questions (1 question per intervention). The test results of 762 critical care nurses were evaluated for item difficulty, item discrimination, and quality of the response alternatives or options for answers (possible responses). RESULTS: All 10 items had face and content validity. Values for item difficulty ranged from 0.1 to 0.9. Values for item discrimination ranged from 0.05 to 0.41. The quality of the response alternatives (0.0-0.8) indicated widespread misconceptions among the critical care nurses in the sample. CONCLUSION: The questionnaire is reliable and has face and content validity. Findings from surveys in which this questionnaire is used can lead to better educational programs for critical care nurses on infections associated with use of central venous catheters. 
BACKGROUND: There is increasing evidence that higher intakes of carotenoids could protect against oxidative and light damage in premature infants and may promote other health benefits in both mothers during pregnancy and lactation and in newborn infants. AIM OF THE STUDY: To develop and validate a brief quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) aimed at assessing lutein and zeaxanthin intake in women. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, estimates of lutein and zeaxanthin intake from the FFQ were compared with a 7-day dietary record and with plasma concentrations of these carotenoids. This primary care study was conducted in Pavia, Italy. Subjects were all female volunteers, aged 20-25 years (mean age 22.7 +/- 2.1 years), university students. Of the 110 women initially recruited, 87 completed diet questionnaires and donated a blood sample. Dietary intake was assessed by the FFQ by interview and 7-day dietary records chosen as a reference standard, using photographic estimations of portion sizes. Plasma concentrations of lutein and zeaxanthin were measured by HPLC. Pearson's correlation coefficient and Bland Altman Regression analysis were used. RESULTS: Mean dietary lutein and zeaxanthin intakes were 1,107 +/- 113 microg/day from the FFQ questionnaire and 1,083 +/- 116 microg/day from the 7 day dietary records. The mean difference in intake assessed by the two methods (-24.5 +/- 38.3 microg/day) did not differ significantly from zero. Dietary intake of lutein and zeaxanthin measured with the FFQ and plasma nutrient concentration among this sample were significantly correlated (r = 0.76, P < 0.0001). Mean plasma lutein and zeaxanthin concentrations were 0.33 +/- 0.09 micromol/l. CONCLUSIONS: This FFQ could be used to assess lutein and zeaxanthin intake in adult women. 
The aim of the present study was to examine the relative validity of foods and nutrients calculated by a new food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). Reference measures were a 4-day weighed food diary (FD), a motion sensor for measuring total energy expenditure, one 24-h urine collection for analysis of nitrogen and iodine excretion, and a venous blood specimen for analysis of plasma 25-hydroxy-vitamin D and serum folate. A total of 119 women participated in the validation study, and 112 completed the motion sensor registration. Overall, the level of agreement between the FFQ and the FD was satisfactory, and significant correlations were found for all major food groups and for all nutrients except vitamin E. The average correlation coefficient between the FFQ and the FD for daily intake was 0.48 for foods and 0.36 for nutrients, and on average, 68% of the participants were classified into the same or adjacent quintiles by the two methods. Estimated total energy expenditure indicated that under-reporting of energy intake was more extensive with the FD than with the FFQ. The biological markers confirmed that the FFQ was able to distinguish between high and low intakes of nutrients, as measured by vitamin D, folate, protein and iodine. This validation study indicates that the MoBa FFQ produces reasonable valid intake estimates and is a valid tool to rank pregnant women according to low and high intakes of energy, nutrients and foods.
The protective effect of onion against oxidative stress in streptozotosin-induced diabetic rats was investigated in comparison with that of quercetin aglycone. We measured oxidative stress biomarkers involving the susceptibility of the plasma against copper ion-induced lipid peroxidation, which was estimated by the amounts of thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) and cholesteryl ester hydroperoxides, and urine TBARS and 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine contents. After the 12-week feeding period, plasma glucose levels and these biomarkers increased in diabetic rats compared to normal rats. In diabetic rats fed a 6.0% onion diet (quercetin equivalent: 0.023%), quercetin metabolites accumulated in the plasma at concentrations of approximately 35 microM. Onion intake decreased plasma glucose levels and lowered the oxidative stress biomarkers. On the other hand, quercetin metabolites in the plasma of rats fed a diet with 0.023% quercetin aglycone were found at lower concentrations (14.2 microM) than the rats fed the onion diet. Furthermore, oxidative stress biomarkers were higher in the quercetin diet group compared to the onion diet group. These results strongly suggest that onion intake suppresses diabetes-induced oxidative stress more effectively than the intake of the same amount of quercetin aglycone alone.
BACKGROUND: Deoxynivalenol (DON) is a toxic fungal metabolite that frequently contaminates cereal crops. DON is toxic to animals, but the effects on humans are poorly understood, in part because exposure estimates are of limited precision. OBJECTIVES: In this study we used the U.K. adult National Diet and Nutrition Survey to compare 24-hr urinary DON excretion with cereal intake. METHODS: One hundred subjects were identified for each of the following cereal consumption groups: low (mean, 107 g cereal/day; range, 88-125), medium (mean, 179 g/day; range, 162-195) and high (mean, 300 g/day; range, 276-325). DON was analyzed in 24-hr urine samples by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry after purification on immunoaffinity columns. RESULTS: DON was detected in 296 of 300 (98.7%) urine samples. Cereal intake was significantly associated with urinary DON (p < 0.0005), with the geometric mean urinary levels being 6.55 microg DON/day [95% confidence interval (CI), 5.71-7.53]; 9.63 microg/day (95% CI, 8.39-11.05); and 13.24 microg/day (95% CI, 11.54-15.19) for low-, medium-, and high-intake groups, respectively. In multivariable analysis, wholemeal bread (p < 0.0005), white bread (p < 0.0005), "other" bread (p < 0.0005), buns/cakes (p = 0.003), high-fiber breakfast cereal (p = 0.016), and pasta (p = 0.017) were significantly associated with urinary DON. Wholemeal bread was associated with the greatest percent increase in urinary DON per unit of consumption, but white bread contributed approximately twice as much as wholemeal bread to the urinary DON levels because it was consumed in higher amounts. CONCLUSION: The majority of adults in the United Kingdom appear to be exposed to DON, and on the basis of the urinary levels, we estimate that some individuals may exceed the European Union (EU) recommended maximum tolerable daily intake of 1,000 ng DON/kg (bw). This exposure biomarker will be a valuable tool for biomonitoring as part of surveillance strategies and in etiologic studies of DON and human disease risk. 
AIM: This study was designed to determine the relationship between diet and leptin levels during rowing training. METHODS: Dietary intakes using 3-day food records, training volume and leptin responses to a 90-min exercise (measurement before, at the end and after 2 and 24 h of recovery) were assessed at the beginning and at the end of an 8-month training season for heavyweight rowers. RESULTS: During the training, we observed increases in energy intake and in training volume (12.1+/-1.8 and 14+/-1.4 MJ/day, and 3.8+/-1.1 and 6.5+/-1.8 sessions/week, respectively at the beginning and at the end of the season). Carbohydrate (CHO) and protein intakes were increased (P<0.001 and P<0.05, respectively), whereas those of lipid were unchanged (P=0.08). Leptin levels at rest were unchanged, while delayed decreases occurred (at 2 h postexercise) in response to the 90-min exercise (P<0.01). At the end of the season, postexercise and 24 h postexercise leptin levels were positively correlated to CHO intake (r=0.62 and r=0.69, respectively; P<0.05). CONCLUSION: There is an increase in CHO intake over a training season for rowers. Our results suggested that repeated hypoleptinemia in response to acute exercise triggered the particular choice of CHO in order to insure the energy homeostasis. 
The importance of a healthy diet to living well is well recognized. A growing array of experimental, epidemiological, and clinical studies have revealed an association between pro-inflammatory responses and the progression of numerous serious disease states, including the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. Further studies have established a "diet/genetic interaction" that further modulates markers of inflammation, producing both positive and negative effects, depending on the net changes in gene expression. Yet, there are few studies that reveal the mechanisms underlying this modulation of the inflammatory response. Highlighted here are several such recent and ongoing studies that investigate the mechanisms underlying the effects of diet/genetic interactions on inflammatory biomarkers, followed by a discussion of to what extent these interactions may translate into healthier aging and increased longevity. Whether these interactions translate into healthier aging and increased longevity remains to be determined; however, the prospects are enticing.
BACKGROUND: Hemostasis is the result of a complex equilibrium between coagulation and fibrinolysis, and the influence of different dietary models on this equilibrium is not entirely known. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the effects of the chronic intake of different dietary models on postprandial hemostasis. DESIGN: In a randomized crossover design, 20 healthy men consumed for 28 d each diets rich in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), saturated fatty acids (SFAs), and carbohydrates plus n-3 fatty acids (CHO/N3). Fasting and postprandial hemostatic factors (factor VII coagulant activity, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, tissue-type plasminogen activator, d-dimer, and thromboxane B(2)) were measured; meal tests for the postprandial measures were based on butter, virgin olive oil, and walnuts for the SFA, MUFA, and CHO/N3 diets, respectively. RESULTS: There were no differences in the fasting variables after the dietary periods. After the 3 fatty meals were consumed, we observed an increase in thromboxane B(2) and d-dimer and a reduction in tissue plasminogen activator, irrespective of the dietary model. The MUFA or CHO/N3 meals lowered postprandial concentrations of factor VII coagulant activity, although the reduction was greater after the MUFA-enriched meal. The concentration of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 was greater after the SFA meal than after the other 2 meals. CONCLUSIONS: The administration of a fatty meal induces a postprandial procoagulant tendency, irrespective of the type of fat consumed. However, the use of a dietary model rich in SFA creates a more procoagulant environment than does a model that includes MUFA or CHO/N3 as the source of fatty acids. 
BACKGROUND: Choline and betaine are found in a variety of plant and animal foods and were recently shown to be associated with decreased homocysteine concentrations. OBJECTIVE: The scope of this work was to investigate the associations between dietary choline and betaine consumption and various markers of low-grade systemic inflammation. DESIGN: Under the context of a cross-sectional survey that enrolled 1514 men (18-87 y of age) and 1528 women (18-89 y of age) with no history of cardiovascular disease (the ATTICA Study), fasting blood samples were collected and inflammatory markers were measured. Dietary habits were evaluated with a validated food-frequency questionnaire, and the intakes of choline and betaine were calculated from food-composition tables. RESULTS: Compared with the lowest tertile of choline intake (<250 mg/d), participants who consumed >310 mg/d had, on average, 22% lower concentrations of C-reactive protein (P < 0.05), 26% lower concentrations of interleukin-6 (P < 0.05), and 6% lower concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P < 0.01). Similarly, participants who consumed >360 mg/d of betaine had, on average, 10% lower concentrations of homocysteine (P < 0.01), 19% lower concentrations of C-reactive protein (P < 0.1), and 12% lower concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (P < 0.05) than did those who consumed <260 mg/d. These findings were independent of various sociodemographic, lifestyle, and clinical characteristics of the participants. CONCLUSIONS: Our results support an association between choline and betaine intakes and the inflammation process in free-eating and apparently healthy adults. However, further studies are needed to confirm or refute our findings. 
BACKGROUND: Seafood is considered by toxicologists as the main source of methylmercury (MeHg), but little data is available concerning contamination of seafood and MeHg status of French frequent consumers. OBJECTIVES: The objectives were to assess food exposure and biomarker of exposure of MeHg from a group of frequent consumers of seafood. METHODS: Two approaches to exposure assessment were used: the currently used food intake and the biomarker of exposure. A validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was used to assess seafood consumptions for 80 products of 385 frequent consumers aged 18 and over in four French coastal areas. Seafood samples were collected in each region considering preservation methods and supply habits according to a total diet study sampling. Food samples were analyzed for MeHg. Exposure was assessed by combining consumptions with contamination data. Whole blood samples were collected from the volunteers and analyzed for MeHg. RESULTS: The mean dietary exposure to MeHg or weekly intake (WI FFQ) was 1.51+/-1.17 microg/kg bw/wk. Thirty-five percent of the subjects exceed the Joint Expert Committee on Food Additives (JECFA) provisional tolerable weekly intake (PTWI), whereas the use of the biological results with the JECFA/Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) one-compartment pharmacokinetic model to calculate weekly intake (WI PKM) shows that only 2% of subjects exceed the PTWI. The mean of the individual ratios WI FFQ/WI PKM is 4.3 and the higher the WI FFQ and the blood MeHg level, the lower is the ratio, close to 1-2. CONCLUSIONS: These analyses support the assumption that the calculated dose of methylmercury is overestimated with the FFQ-based method used in this study. Since FFQ are commonly used in risk assessments, the overestimate of dose is public health protective and this finding is somewhat reassuring from a public health point of view, especially since the JECFA or EPA have applied uncertainty factors of 3.2 or 3, respectively, to take into account the inter-individual pharmacokinetic variability. 
BACKGROUND: Dietary salt restriction has been reported to adversely modify the plasma lipoprotein profile in hypertensive and in normotensive subjects. We investigated the effects of the low sodium intake (LSI) on the plasma lipoprotein profile and on inflammation and thrombosis biomarkers during the fasting and postprandial periods. METHODS: Non-obese, non-treated hypertensive adults (n=41) were fed strictly controlled diets. An initial week on a control diet (CD, Na=160 mmol/day) was followed by 3 weeks on LSI (Na=60 mmol/day). At admission and on the last day of each period, the 24-h ambulatory blood pressure was monitored and blood was drawn after an overnight fasting period and after a fat-rich test meal. RESULTS: The dietary adherence was confirmed by 24-h urinary sodium excretion. Fasting triglyceride (TG), chylomicron-cholesterol, hsC-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6) concentrations, renin activity, aldosterone, insulin, and homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values were higher, but non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) were lower on LSI than on CD. For LSI, areas under the curve (AUC) of TG, chylomicron-cholesterol, apoB and the cholesterol/apoB ratio were increased, whereas AUC-NEFA was lowered. LSI did not modify body weight, hematocrit, fasting plasma cholesterol, glucose, adiponectin, leptin, fibrinogen and factor VII (FVII), and AUC of lipoprotein lipase and of lipoprotein remnants. CONCLUSION: LSI induced alterations in the plasma lipoproteins and in inflammatory markers that are common features of the metabolic syndrome. 
AIM: In the Insulin Resistance and Atherosclerosis Study (IRAS), we have previously shown a protective effect of plasma alpha-tocopherol concentration against diabetes incidence among persons not taking vitamin E supplements. The biologic mechanism for such a protective effect could involve improvement in either insulin sensitivity (S(I)), insulin secretion or both. Thus, we examined vitamin E in relation to insulin secretion and S(I) among persons not taking vitamin E supplements. METHODS: This analysis included 457 adults aged 40-69 years without a previous diabetes diagnosis or vitamin E supplement use at baseline and seen at the 5-year follow-up examination. Baseline nutrient intake was estimated from a validated 1-year food frequency questionnaire; plasma levels of alpha-tocopherol were also assessed. At follow up, a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test determined S(I), acute insulin response to glucose (AIR), and the disposition index (DI) was calculated as the sum of the log-transformed AIR and S(I) to reflect pancreatic compensation for insulin resistance. RESULTS: In multivariable regression analyses, no relationship was observed for vitamin E intake and either S(I), AIR or DI. However, plasma alpha-tocopherol concentration was positively associated with log-transformed S(I) (beta= 0.27 +/- 0.09, p < 0.01) and DI (beta= 0.41 +/- 0.14, p < 0.01), but not with log-transformed AIR. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma concentration of alpha-tocopherol may improve S(I) and pancreatic compensation for insulin resistance, although it does not seem to be related to acute insulin response. 
Increased fruit and vegetable consumption has become a health priority in many countries. Therefore, data investigating the influence of different types of fruits and vegetables on serum antioxidant levels would be useful. The objective of the study was to assess the relationship between fruit and vegetable consumption and vitamin serum antioxidant concentrations. Specific fruit and vegetable groups are evaluated. A total of 3521 subjects (1487 men and 2034 women), aged 35-60 years, participating in the SU.VI.MAX cohort were included in this study. Blood samples of participants were analysed for beta-carotene, vitamin C and alpha-tocopherol. Each subject had completed at least six dietary records during the first 2 years of the study. It was found that women had higher mean beta-carotene and vitamin C serum concentrations than men, but lower alpha-tocopherol serum concentrations. Serum beta-carotene and vitamin C concentrations were positively correlated with consumption of both fruit and vegetables, as well as with most of the fruit and vegetable groups tested. These relationships persisted after adjustment for confounding factors. Regression analysis showed a linear dose-response relationship. Root vegetables and citrus fruits were particularly associated with beta-carotene serum status as were citrus fruits for vitamin C. Fruit and vegetable consumption was either not or weakly associated with alpha-tocopherol serum concentrations. These results describe antioxidant serum concentrations according to fruit and vegetable consumption in a large sample and support the findings of previous studies involving a more limited number of subjects.
We have previously shown that plasma protein supplementation prevents the activation of lymphocyte populations of Peyer's patches and mesenteric lymph nodes, which is known as organized gut-associated lymphoid tissue (GALT). Here, we examined the effects of spray-dried plasma proteins (SDAP) and Ig concentrate (IgC) supplements on lamina propria and intraepithelial lymphocytes (diffuse GALT) in a model of mild intestinal inflammation induced by the intraperitoneal administration of Staphylococcus aureus enterotoxin B (SEB). Wistar-Lewis rats were fed diets supplemented with SDAP (8% wt:wt), IgC (1.5% wt:wt), or bovine milk proteins (control diet) from weaning (d 21) to d 34 after birth. On d 30 and 33, rats were given SEB (0.5 mg/kg body weight) or PBS (control). Experimental groups were designated control, SEB, SEB-SDAP, and SEB-IgC. Lymphocyte populations were analyzed by immunohistochemistry. In lamina propria, SEB increased the cytotoxic lymphocyte populations of T-gammadelta cells (38%; P < 0.001) and natural killer cells (59%; P < 0.05) and the number of activated T lymphocytes (148%; P < 0.001). Both SDAP and IgC decreased the effects of SEB on these lymphocyte subsets (P < 0.05). In the epithelium, SEB induced a 117% increase in intraepithelial-activated lymphocytes that was reduced by SDAP supplementation (P < 0.01). The effects of plasma supplements on intestinal lymphocyte populations suggest that oral plasma proteins can modulate the degree of activation of diffuse GALT.
OBJECTIVES: To develop and validate a standardized tool assessing urinary symptoms among men and women with stress, urge, frequency, or urinary obstructive symptoms for use in clinical practice to complement clinical measures and diagnosis. METHODS: After development by an advisory committee and comprehension testing with patients, the Urinary Symptoms Profile (USP) item content and validity were evaluated by clinicians. Patients with urinary symptoms (n = 253) and without symptoms (n = 75) completed the final questionnaire at day 0 and day 7. Psychometric properties were assessed, including construct and clinical validity, reliability, and predictive ability for detection of and differentiation between urinary disorders. RESULTS: Principal Component Analysis with Varimax Rotation confirmed the final USP structure of 13 items in 3 dimensions: stress urinary incontinence (SUI), overactive bladder (OAB), and low stream (LS). Internal consistency reliability (Cronbach's alpha ranging from 0.69 to 0.94) and concurrent validity (Spearman correlation coefficients between International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire and SUI and OAB dimensions of 0.73 and 0.62, respectively) were good. Test-retest reproducibility over 7 days was excellent in stable patients (Intraclass Correlation Coefficients from 0.84 to 0.91). USP clinical validity was demonstrated by comparing micturition diary with USP scores. USP dimension scores were excellent predictors of urinary disorder presence and identification. CONCLUSIONS: USP is the first valid and reliable questionnaire providing comprehensive evaluation of all urinary disorders and their severity in both men and women with SUI, OAB, and LS. It allows the screening and contributes to the differential diagnosis of these symptoms. The USP is a valuable tool for use in clinical practice. 
BACKGROUND: The effects of a very-low-carbohydrate, high-saturated-fat weight-loss diet (LC) on brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) and markers of endothelial function are unknown. OBJECTIVE: The effect of an LC on markers of endothelial function and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk was compared with that of an isocaloric high-carbohydrate, low-saturated-fat diet (HC). DESIGN: FMD and markers of endothelial function (n = 70) and CVD risk were measured before and after 8 wk of weight loss. Ninety-nine subjects aged 50.0 +/- 8.3 y with a body mass index (in kg/m2) of 33.7 +/- 4.1 completed the study. RESULTS: Mean (+/-SD) FMD did not change significantly (P = 0.55) with either diet. Pulse wave velocity improved with both diets (P < 0.01). Endothelial markers, E- and P selectin, intracellular and cellular-adhesion molecule-1, tissue-type plasminogen activator, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 decreased (P < 0.001), with no diet effect. Adiponectin did not change significantly. More weight (P = 0.05 for diet x time interaction) and more abdominal fat mass (P = 0.05 for diet x time interaction) were lost with the LC than with the HC. LDL cholesterol decreased more with the HC than with the LC (P < 0.05, time x diet), and C-reactive protein decreased more with the HC than with the LC (P < 0.05 for diet x time interaction). Homocysteine increased more with the LC (P < 0.01 for diet x time interaction). Folate decreased with the LC and increased with the HC (P < 0.05, time; P < 0.001 for diet x time interaction). CONCLUSION: An LC does not impair FMD. We observed beneficial effects of both diets on most of the CVD risk factors measured. This trial was registered with the Australian Clinical Trials Registry as ACTR N0 12606000203550. 
OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the effects of the consumption of green tea (GT) for 7 d on biomarkers of oxidative stress in young men undergoing resistance exercise. METHODS: Fourteen subjects performed a bench press exercise (four sets, 10 to 4 repetitions) after undergoing a period without (control group) or with the intake of GT (GT group; 2 g of leaves in 200 mL of water, three times per day). Blood samples were obtained before and after exercise and analyzed for total antioxidant capacity (ferric reducing ability of plasma [FRAP]), total polyphenols, reduced glutathione (GSH), lipid hydroperoxide (LH) and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances, creatine kinase (CK), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), xanthine oxidase (XO), hypoxanthine, and uric acid (UA). RESULTS: In the control group, exercise did not affect the values of LH, thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances, and FRAP, although it did reduce the levels of GSH (P < 0.05). In addition, exercise increased CK, AST, and XO activities, although it did not change the values for hypoxanthine or UA. Green tea reduced the postexercise concentration of LH and increased the values of total polyphenols, GSH, and FRAP. GT also inhibited a significant rise in CK and XO activities induced by exercise. Furthermore, GT decreased the AST activity and hypoxanthine and UA concentrations before and after exercise. The assessment of food consumption revealed that the participants had an unbalanced diet, particularly in relation to vitamin E and carotenoids. CONCLUSION: Consumption of GT, a beverage rich in polyphenols, may offer protection against the oxidative damage caused by exercise, and dietary guidance for sports participants should be emphasized. 
To examine whether the response of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) to alcohol consumption differs among individuals, a cross-sectional study was conducted in 6100 men with a body-mass index below 24 who did not take medication for diabetes. Information regarding current medication and lifestyle habits was obtained by a self-reported questionnaire. The subjects were divided into four groups according to their level of alcohol consumption: non-drinkers, light drinkers (1-188ml/week), intermediate drinkers (189-377ml/week), and heavy drinkers (>or=378ml/week). The frequency of subjects with an FPG of 110mg/dl or more rose significantly as alcohol consumption increased, from 6.7% in non-drinkers to 10.1% in intermediate drinkers and 12.1% in heavy drinkers. In contrast, when only the subjects with a gamma-glutamyltransferase level of less than 40IU/L were analyzed, no difference was observed in the frequency of subjects with an FPG level of 110mg/dl or more among the four groups. Multiple logistic regression analysis also revealed similar results. The findings suggested individual variability in the response of FPG to drinking. Appropriate levels of drinking could be different among individuals.
OBJECTIVE: To examine whether dietary intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3PUFA) is associated with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) levels with regard to smoking status in the Japanese general population in a cross-sectional study. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 14,191 participants aged 40-69 years were enrolled and divided into quartile groups according to their intake of n-3PUFA. Multivariate-adjusted logarithm-transformed CRP levels were compared between the quartile groups with regard to smoking status after adjusting for traditional risk factors and intake of saturated fatty acids. Adjusted CRP levels were inversely associated with dietary intake of n-3PUFA for both the male subjects and female subjects (p<0.05 for trend). A linear trend was not seen between intake of n-3PUFA and adjusted CRP levels in male nonsmokers. Adjusted CRP level in the lowest quartile group of n-3PUFA was significantly higher than the levels in other groups in male smokers. CONCLUSION: Sufficient dietary intake of n-3PUFA may attenuate inflammatory reaction and this effect is more evident among high-risk populations such as male smokers although the small numbers of female ex-smokers and nonsmokers limited statistical power to draw strong conclusions about these groups. 
The present study demonstrated that the zinc concentration in bovine milk and blood plasma is significantly affected by the intake of saturated fat supplements. Sixteen Holstein cows were used in a 4 x 4 Latin square design with 4 periods of 12 d, and 4 dietary treatments were conducted. A total mixed ration based on corn silage, grass-clover silages, and pelleted sugar beet pulp was used on all treatments. A high de novo milk fat diet was formulated by adding rapeseed meal and molasses in the total mixed ration [39 mg of Zn/kg of dry matter (DM)], and a low de novo diet by adding saturated fat, fat-rich rapeseed cake, and corn (34 mg of Zn/kg of DM). Dietary Zn levels were increased by addition of ZnO to 83 and 80 mg of Zn/kg of DM. Treatments did not affect daily DM intake, or yield of energy-corrected milk, milk fat, or milk protein. The high de novo diet significantly increased milk fat percentage and milk content of fatty acids with chain length from C6 to C16, and decreased content of C18 and C18:1. Treatments did not influence milk free fatty acids at 4 degrees C at 0 or 28 h after milking. The average diameter of milk fat globules was significantly greater in milk from cows offered low de novo diets. Furthermore, the low de novo diet significantly increased the concentration of nonesterified fatty acids and d-beta-hydroxybutyrate in blood plasma, the latter was also increased in milk. Treatments did not affect the enzyme activity of lactate dehydrogenase and N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase in milk or the activity of isocitrate dehydrogenase and malate dehydrogenase in blood plasma. The low de novo diet significantly increased plasma Zn and milk Zn content, whereas dietary Zn level did not in itself influence these parameters. This indicates that the transfer of fat from diet to milk might facilitate transfer of Zn from diet to milk.
Fumonisins are mycotoxins produced by Fusarium spp. and commonly contaminate maize and maize products worldwide. Fumonisins are rodent carcinogens and have been associated with human esophageal cancer. However, the lack of a valid exposure biomarker has hindered both the assessment of human exposure and the evaluation of disease risk. A sensitive liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry method to measure urinary fumonisin B1 (FB1) following extraction on Oasis MAX cartridges was established and applied to urine samples from women in a cohort recruited in Morelos County, Mexico. Urinary FB1 was compared with dietary information on tortilla consumption. FB1 recovery in spiked samples averaged 94% as judged by deuterium-labeled FB1 internal standard. Urinary FB1 was determined in 75 samples from women selected based on low, medium, or high consumption of maize-based tortillas. The geometric mean (95% confidence interval) of urinary FB1 was 35.0 (18.8-65.2), 63.1 (36.8-108.2), and 147.4 (87.6-248.0) pg/mL and the frequency of samples above the detection limit (set at 20 pg FB1/mL urine) was 45%, 80%, and 96% for the low, medium, and high groups, respectively. Women with high intake had a 3-fold higher average FB1 levels compared with the "low intake" group (F = 7.3; P = 0.0015). Urinary FB1 was correlated with maize intake (P(trend) = 0.001); the correlation remained significant after adjusting for age, education, and place of residence. This study suggests that measurement of urinary FB1 is sufficiently sensitive for fumonisin exposure assessment in human populations and could be a valuable tool in investigating the associated health effects of exposure.
Heavy alcohol consumption has been associated with several adverse neurocognitive outcomes in older adults, though little is known about lower consumption levels. No study has investigated the associations between S100beta and amyloid beta (Abeta) serum levels (biomarkers that provide evidence of neurological pathology) and light to moderate alcohol consumption in healthy older adults without neurological conditions. Thirty-five healthy older adults underwent neuropsychological testing and fasting blood draw with subsequent serum S100beta and Abeta 1-40 level quantification. Increased S100beta levels were associated with increased frequency of alcohol consumption and increased total monthly consumption of alcohol. Increased Abeta levels were associated with increased quantity of alcohol consumption. Further work investigating possible mechanisms is needed, particularly longitudinal studies and studies employing neuroimaging.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of exercise and weight loss interventions on serum levels of four biomarkers and to examine if changes in biomarker levels correlate with clinical outcome measures in obese and overweight adults with knee osteoarthritis (OA). METHODS: Serum was obtained at baseline, 6 and 18 months from 193 participants in Arthritis, Diet and Activity Promotion Trial. This was a single-blind 18-month trial with subjects randomized to four groups: healthy-lifestyle (HL), diet (D), exercise (E) and diet plus exercise (D+E). Serum levels of cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (COMP), hyaluronan (HA), antigenic keratan sulfate (AgKS), and transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1) were measured by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: At baseline there were no significant differences in biomarker levels between intervention groups. When results for all the intervention groups were combined, the levels of HA were found to be negatively correlated with medial joint space width and positively correlated with Kellgren-Lawrence scores (K-L scores) while TGF-beta1 levels negatively correlated with K-L scores. When biomarker levels measured at 6 and 18 months were adjusted for baseline values, age, gender, and body mass index, weak but significant differences between intervention groups were present for mean levels of COMP and TGF-beta1. Furthermore, AgKS levels averaged over all groups tended to decrease over time. There were no significant associations of baseline biomarkers and the follow-up outcomes. Weak associations were noted between change in the biomarkers at 18 months and change in outcome measures that included change in weight with AgKS and COMP and change in Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index pain with AgKS. CONCLUSION: Overall, the E and D interventions did not show a consistent effect on levels of potential OA biomarkers. The four biomarkers showed differences in correlations with outcome measures suggesting that they may measure different aspects of disease activity in OA. The strongest correlations were between serum HA and radiographic measures of OA at baseline. 
Childhood obesity is a widespread health problem in Australia. Overweight in childhood can lead to adult overweight and the development of risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Effective strategies for reducing childhood obesity are urgently required. A vegetarian diet has been shown to be an effective prophylactic to many lifestyle diseases in the adult population and may therefore be beneficial in children. However the metabolic demands of adolescents are different to adults and the impact of a vegetarian diet on CVD markers in this demographic is not certain. We compared key physiological and biochemical markers of health against responses to a modified, Schools Physical Activity and Nutrition Survey (SPANS) using one-way and two-way Analysis of Variance. 215 adolescents (14-15 yrs) from 5 Adventist secondary schools in the Sydney and Hunter regions of New South Wales, Australia, participated in this study. Adolescents consuming predominantly vegetarian foods showed significantly better scores on markers of cardiovascular health, including, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, Cholesterol/High density lipoprotein ratio and low density lipoprotein. Adolescents consuming nuts more than once per week, also showed lower scores for BMI and serum glucose irrespective of their vegetarian status. Markers of general health including haemoglobin and average height were not different between groups; however a lower serum level of vitamin B12 was apparent in the vegetarian cohort. Surprisingly, exercise on its own was not statistically associated with any of the risk factors tested suggesting that diet may be the most significant factor in promoting health in this age group.
PURPOSE: To retrospectively evaluate the detection of small (<2-cm) urothelial tumors by using gadolinium-enhanced three-dimensional (3D) spoiled gradient-recalled echo (GRE) magnetic resonance (MR) urography. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This HIPAA-compliant study received institutional review board approval. All patients included had previously consented to the use of their medical records for research purposes. Eleven of 110 patients (10 men, one woman; mean age, 73.5 years) who underwent MR urography were ultimately identified to have 23 upper-tract urothelial carcinomas smaller than 2 cm or carcinoma in situ. Breath-hold coronal T2-weighted single-shot fast spin-echo and breath-hold coronal 3D T1-weighted spoiled GRE images with fat suppression during nephrographic and excretory phases after intravenous injection of gadolinium-based contrast material were obtained in all patients with a 1.5-T imager. Two radiologists reviewed the MR images in consensus for the presence of tumors. Lesion detectability was compared between each sequence by using the McNemar test. RESULTS: Of 23 tumors, 17 (74%) were detected by using at least one sequence, eight (35%) were detected with T2-weighted imaging, 15 (65%) were detected on nephrographic phase images, and 15 (65%) were detected on excretory phase images. Two lesions each were detected only on either nephrographic or excretory phase images. Detectability was significantly higher on nephrographic and excretory phase images compared with T2-weighted images (P < .05). CONCLUSION: Gadolinium-enhanced 3D spoiled GRE MR urography helped detect 74% of small urothelial carcinomas. Nephrographic and excretory phase images are essential for helping detect small urothelial carcinomas. 
OBJECTIVES: Although light to moderate alcohol consumption has been associated with lower all-cause and cardiovascular (CV) mortality, the underlying mechanisms are only partly understood. Evidence has emerged in recent years that atherosclerosis is an inflammatory disease. We hypothesize that beneficial effects of moderate alcohol consumption on CV mortality may be linked to antiinflammatory effects. METHODS AND RESULTS: The association between alcohol consumption and concentrations of high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and fibrinogen were investigated. Six hundred and thirtysix eligible individuals apparently healthy were included. 393 (61.8%) were men and 243 (38.2%) were women. The mean ages for men and women were 51.5 +/- 12.4 y and 50.8 +/- 12.1 y, respectively. Daily alcohol intake showed an apparent U-shaped association with hs-CRP and fibrinogen values in men, with lowest levels at an alcohol intake of 20-70 g daily (0.139 +/- 0.116 mg/dl for hs-CRP and 274 +/- 51.7 mg/dl for fibrinogen). Proportional odds model analysis showed moderate alcohol consumption (20 to 70 g vs. no drinking per day, OR = 0.32, 95% CI: 0.14-0.74), and regular exercise (> or = 3 times/week vs. no, OR = 0.52, 95% CI: 0.35-0.77) were negatively correlated with elevated hs-CRP values. CONCLUSIONS: Our results parallel the demonstration of a U-shaped relationship between alcohol consumption and cardiovascular mortality, and suggest that anti-inflammatory effects of moderate alcohol intake may partly be linked to a low cardiovascular and overall mortality. 
Three experiments were conducted to investigate the effect of dietary glycine (Gly) supplementation on inflammatory responses in broiler chicks fed a basal diet using maize and soybean meal as the primary ingredients. Inflammation-related processes following lipopolysaccharide (LPS) injection were examined by analysing plasma concentrations of nitrate plus nitrite (NOx) and ceruloplasmin (Cer) in experiments 1 and 2, or expression of several genes in the spleen and liver including IL-1 beta and -6, TNF-like ligand (TL)1A, inducible NO synthase, interferon (IFN)-gamma and toll-like receptor (TLR) 4 were examined in experiment 3. Growth performance was also determined following immunological stimulation by both LPS and Sephadex injection in experiment 2. In experiment 1, birds fed a diet supplemented with Gly at 10 or 20 g/kg showed lower responses in plasma NOx and Cer than birds fed the diet supplemented with Gly at 0 or 40 g/kg. In experiment 2, a similar effect of Gly supplementation at 10 g/kg on plasma NOx and Cer was observed when chicks were fed either an isonitrogenous diet with Gly or glutamic acid (Glu). Gly-supplemented diet-fed birds showed better growth performance than Glu-supplemented diet-fed birds. The splenic expression of inflammatory response-related genes in birds fed a diet supplemented with Gly at 10 g/kg diet was lower than that of birds fed the basal diet in experiment 3. These results suggest that dietary Gly supplementation modulates the inflammatory response partly through changes in the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as IL-1, IL-6, IFN-gamma and TL1A.
Valid and reliable self-report measures of cancer screening behaviors are important for evaluating efforts to improve adherence to guidelines. We evaluated test-retest reliability and validity of self-report of the fecal occult blood test (FOBT), sigmoidoscopy (SIG), colonoscopy (COL), and barium enema (BE) using the National Cancer Institute colorectal cancer screening (CRCS) questionnaire. A secondary objective was to evaluate reliability and validity by mail, telephone, and face-to-face survey administration modes. Consenting men and women, 51 to 74 years old, receiving care at a multispecialty clinic for at least 5 years who had not been diagnosed with colorectal cancer were stratified by prior CRCS status and randomized to survey mode (n = 857). Within survey mode, respondents were randomized to complete a second survey at 2 weeks, 3 months, or 6 months. Comparing self-report with administrative and medical records, concordance estimates were 0.91 for COL, 0.85 for FOBT, 0.85 for SIG, and 0.92 for BE. Overall sensitivity estimates were 0.91 for COL, 0.82 for FOBT, 0.76 for SIG, and 0.56 for BE. Specificity estimates were 0.91 for COL, 0.86 for FOBT, 0.89 for SIG, and 0.97 for BE. Sensitivity and specificity varied little by survey mode for any test. Report-to-records ratio showed overreporting for SIG (1.1), COL (1.15), and FOBT (1.57), and underreporting for BE (0.82). Reliability at all time intervals was highest for COL; there was no consistent pattern according to survey mode. This study provides evidence to support the use of the National Cancer Institute CRCS questionnaire to assess self-report with any of the three survey modes.
Nonaqueous CE (NACE) methodology was developed for the separation and determination of phosphatidylethanol (Peth), a new biomarker of ethanol intake. Peth is an abnormal phospholipid formed in cell membranes only in the presence of ethanol, via the transphosphatidylation reaction of phospholipase D. The NACE separation medium consisted of 80 mM ammonium acetate in 50% ACN, 33% 2-propanol, 12% hexane and 5% methanol. A stacking effect was obtained by reducing the concentration of ammonium acetate in the separation medium for all injected samples. The LOD was estimated to 1 microM (5.6 fmol) of Peth with conventional UV detection, equalling 0.4 micromol/L blood. Peth was successfully determined in extracts of human blood samples. Separation of Peth from other blood lipids in the lipid extract sample was performed in 5 min. The method facilitates smaller sample volumes and performs about ten times faster compared to earlier chromatographical methods.
Bofutsushosan (BOF), an oriental herbal medicine, has been used as an anti-obesity drug in overweight patients. In the present study, to evaluate the anti-obesity and anti-diabetic effects of BOF, we investigated the effects of BOF on the white adipose tissue (WAT) weight, the size of adipocytes, adiponectin expression, and oral glucose tolerance test results in high-fat diet-fed male KK/Ta mice. In addition, the mRNA expression levels of uncoupling protein 1 (UCP1) and UCP2 mRNA in WAT and brown adipose tissue (BAT) were measured. 6-week-old KK/Ta mice were divided into four groups and fed a purified powdered basal diet (the BD group), a purified high-fat (HF) powdered diet containing suet powder at 37.5 g/100 g diet (the HF group), a high-fat diet plus 1.0% bofutsushosan (BOF) treatment (the HF + BOF group), or a high-fat diet plus 1.0% daisaikoto (DAI) treatment (the HF + DAI group) for 4 weeks. The weight of WAT and the size of adipocytes were increased in the HF group compared with those in the BD group, and these increases in the HF group were significantly inhibited in the HF + BOF group, but not affected in the HF + DAI group. There were no statistically significant differences in plasma levels and tissue mRNA levels of adiponectin among the four groups. There were no significant differences in UCP1 mRNA expression of BAT among the four groups. The expression of UCP1 mRNA in WAT was found in the HF + BOF group, but little expression was seen in the WAT of the BD, HF, or HF + DAI groups. The elevated plasma glucose levels and responses after the glucose loading in the HF group tended to decrease in the HF + BOF group. These results suggest that BOF decreases the weight and size gains of WAT along with up-regulating UCP1 mRNA in WAT in high-fat diet-fed mice.
BACKGROUND: Alkylresorcinols (ARs), phenolic lipids exclusively present in the outer parts of wheat and rye grains, have been proposed as specific dietary biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intake. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to validate plasma ARs as a biomarker of whole-grain wheat and rye intakes by studying the correlation between their plasma concentration and intake calculated from food records. DESIGN: In a randomized crossover study, 22 women and 8 men were given a defined amount of either whole-grain or refined-cereal-grain products to be included in their habitual diets for two 6-wk periods. Blood samples were collected and food intakes were recorded before and after each intervention period. RESULTS: Plasma AR concentrations were significantly higher after the whole-grain diet period than after the refined-grain period (P < 0.0001) and were well correlated with average daily AR intake estimated by self-reported weighed food records (Spearman's r = 0.58, P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Plasma AR concentrations are correlated with intake assessed by food records, which suggests that ARs are selective nutritional biomarkers for the intake of whole-grain wheat and rye. 
BACKGROUND: Plant sterols are bioactive compounds, found in all vegetable foods, which inhibit cholesterol absorption. Little is known about the effect of habitual natural dietary intake of plant sterols. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the relation between plant sterol density (in mg/MJ) and serum concentrations of cholesterol in men and women in northern Sweden. DESIGN: The analysis included 37 150 men and 40 502 women aged 29-61 y, all participants in the Vsterbotten Intervention Program. RESULTS: Higher plant sterol density was associated with lower serum total cholesterol in both sexes and with lower LDL cholesterol in women. After adjustment for age, body mass index (in kg/m(2)), and (in women) menopausal status, men with high plant sterol density (quintile 5) had 0.15 mmol/L (2.6%) lower total serum cholesterol (P for trend = 0.001) and 0.13 mmol/L (3.1%) lower LDL cholesterol (P = 0.062) than did men with low plant sterol density (quintile 1). The corresponding figures for women were 0.20 mmol/L (3.5%) lower total serum cholesterol (P for trend < 0.001) and 0.13 mmol/L (3.2%) lower LDL cholesterol (P for trend = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The present study is the second epidemiologic study to show a significant inverse relation between naturally occurring dietary plant sterols and serum cholesterol. To the extent that the associations found truly mirror plant sterol intake and not merely a diet high in vegetable fat and fiber, it highlights the importance of considering the plant sterol content of foods both in primary prevention of cardiovascular disease and in the dietary advice incorporated into nutritional treatment of patients with hyperlipidemia. 
Metabolic phenotypes are the products of interactions among a variety of factors-dietary, other lifestyle/environmental, gut microbial and genetic. We use a large-scale exploratory analytical approach to investigate metabolic phenotype variation across and within four human populations, based on 1H NMR spectroscopy. Metabolites discriminating across populations are then linked to data for individuals on blood pressure, a major risk factor for coronary heart disease and stroke (leading causes of mortality worldwide). We analyse spectra from two 24-hour urine specimens for each of 4,630 participants from the INTERMAP epidemiological study, involving 17 population samples aged 40-59 in China, Japan, UK and USA. We show that urinary metabolite excretion patterns for East Asian and western population samples, with contrasting diets, diet-related major risk factors, and coronary heart disease/stroke rates, are significantly differentiated (P < 10(-16)), as are Chinese/Japanese metabolic phenotypes, and subgroups with differences in dietary vegetable/animal protein and blood pressure. Among discriminatory metabolites, we quantify four and show association (P < 0.05 to P < 0.0001) of mean 24-hour urinary formate excretion with blood pressure in multiple regression analyses for individuals. Mean 24-hour urinary excretion of alanine (direct) and hippurate (inverse), reflecting diet and gut microbial activities, are also associated with blood pressure of individuals. Metabolic phenotyping applied to high-quality epidemiological data offers the potential to develop an area of aetiopathogenetic knowledge involving discovery of novel biomarkers related to cardiovascular disease risk.
Accurate assessment of fat intake is essential to examine the relationships between diet and disease risk but the process of estimating individual intakes of fat quality by dietary assessment is difficult. Tissue and blood fatty acids, because they are mainly derived from the diet, have been used as biomarkers of dietary intake for a number of years. We review evidence from a wide variety of cross-sectional and intervention studies and summarise typical values for fatty acid composition in adipose tissue and blood lipids and changes that can be expected in response to varying dietary intake. Studies in which dietary intake was strictly controlled confirm that fatty acid biomarkers can complement dietary assessment methodologies and have the potential to be used more quantitatively. Factors affecting adipose tissue and blood lipid composition are discussed, such as the physical properties of triacylglycerol, total dietary fat intake and endogenous fatty acid synthesis. The relationship between plasma lipoprotein concentrations and total plasma fatty acid composition, and the use of fatty acid ratios as indices of enzyme activity are also addressed.
The objective of this study was to measure the concentrations of organotin compounds in the whole blood of Finnish male fishermen (n=133), their wives (n=94), and other family members (n=73), and to investigate their associations with background variables. The concentrations were generally low, less than the limit of quantification (LOQ) for the vast majority of compounds and samples. Of the organotin compounds (mono-, di-, and tributyltin, mono-, di-, and triphenyltin, and dioctyltin), only triphenyltin was detected in more than just a few samples (in 37 of 300 samples, LOQ=0.04 ng/ml). These were mainly the samples of fishermen (26/37) and their wives (10/37). For statistical analysis, concentrations of triphenyltin were divided into two categories, <LOQ and >LOQ. Of the different background variables, age and fish consumption contributed the most to the triphenyltin concentrations. When age and fish consumption (g/day) were divided into three categories, odds ratios comparing the highest with the lowest category were 3.88 for age (95% CI 1.36-11.09) and 3.48 for fish consumption (1.36-8.94), respectively. Compared with females, males had an odds ratio of 1.51 of having the concentration of triphenyltin >LOQ (0.72-3.14). To the best of our knowledge, this study confirmed for the first time with human samples that fish consumption can be associated with triphenyltin concentration in whole blood.
BACKGROUND: The National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) recommends MEDFICTS, a rapid screening instrument for dietary fat, to assess adherence to the Adult Treatment Panel (ATP) III Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes (TLC) diet (score <40 points indicates intake of <7% of energy from saturated fat, <30% of energy from total fat, and <200 mg dietary cholesterol/day). MEDFICTS has only been validated in small, select populations and its utility in diverse clinical settings is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the ability of MEDFICTS to identify individuals who are nonadherent to a TLC diet in an ethnically diverse population that includes both English- and Spanish-speakers. DESIGN: MEDFICTS was administered concurrently with the Gladys Block Food Frequency Questionnaire to participants (n=501; mean age 48+/-13.5 years; 36% nonwhite; 66% female) in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Family Intervention Trial for Heart Health (FIT Heart) at the baseline screening visit. Reliability and validity analyses were conducted overall and by sex, age, and race/ethnicity. RESULTS: MEDFICTS score correlated significantly with percentage of energy from saturated fat (r=0.52, P<0.0001), percentage of energy from total fat (r=0.31, P<0.0001), and milligrams per day of dietary cholesterol (r=0.54, P<0.0001). Sensitivity of MEDFICTS to correctly identify TLC diet adherence was 85.7% and did not differ significantly by sex, age, or race/ethnicity. Specificity of MEDFICTS to correctly identify nonadherence to the TLC diet was low (56.9%) and significantly worse for women than men (48.4% vs 72.9%; P<0.0001), but did not differ significantly in older vs younger participants or among white, black, or Hispanic participants. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that sex-specific recalibration of MEDFICTS may improve specificity and clinical utility. 
BACKGROUND: A number of studies have shown that self-reported alcohol intake is positively associated with total serum immunoglobin E (IgE) levels. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the association of self-reported alcohol consumption and different biomarkers of alcohol exposure to total serum IgE levels in a general adult population. METHODS: A total of 3,443 subjects aged 20 to 79 years from the population-based cross-sectional Study of Health in Pomerania (SHIP) were included in the analyses. Information on alcohol consumption and serum carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), aspartate-amino transferase (ASAT), andalanine-amino transferase (ALAT) levels were measured. Multivariable linear regression models were performed separately in atopic and nonatopic subjects. RESULTS: In nonatopic subjects positive associations between self-reported alcohol consumption as well as all considered biomarkers of alcohol exposure and total serum IgE levels were found. Further the results also suggested positive associations between alcohol consumption as well as alcohol biomarkers and total serum IgE level in atopic subjects, even though not all tests for linear trend reached statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, biomarkers of alcohol exposure were positively associated with total serum IgE levels supporting that the positive association between self-reported alcohol intake and IgE levels observed in previous studies is real and not due to misclassification of alcohol intake or confounding by other factors that may be linked to both alcohol intake and total serum IgE levels. 
BACKGROUND: For many polyphenolic compounds found in plant-derived food, biological effects possibly relevant for cancer prevention have been shown. Since dietary intake estimates suffer from imprecision, the measurement of these compounds (or metabolites of) in biological specimens collected in epidemiological studies is expected to improve accuracy of exposure estimation. AIM OF THE STUDY: The current use of biomarkers in etiologic studies on polyphenolics and cancer risk is evaluated. In addition, available analytical methods are discussed with respect to the requirements for their integration in epidemiological studies, putting specific emphasis on the epidemiological validation of such markers. METHODS: The scientific literature was screened for epidemiologic studies on the relationship of flavonoid and phenolic acid concentrations in human specimens (i.e. blood, urine) and cancer risk. In addition, original data on intra- and inter-subject variability of several flavonoids and phenolic acids are presented. RESULTS: Although several techniques are used in bioavailability or short-term intervention studies, their integration in epidemiological studies is very limited. An exception are phytoestrogens where validated immunoassays allow the rapid measurement of large sample numbers with small sample volume. For several polyphenols, the data on the epidemiologic validity encourages for their use in epidemiological studies. CONCLUSIONS: There are valid possibilities for additional biomarkers of flavonoid and phenolic acid intake that are best applied in prospective studies with more than one biological sample per subject. Currently, a combination of a single biomarker measurement with long-term dietary intake estimates will probably be the most valuable choice to decrease measurement error in exposure data. 
The genetic variation of plasma IGF-I in crossbred ewe lambs postweaning was evaluated together with its potential use as a physiological marker for selection in meat sheep. Genetic variation for IGF-I was analyzed among 1,246 young crossbred ewes that were the progeny of 30 sires from various maternal breeds and Merino dams. The estimate of heritability of IGF-I was 0.28 +/- 0.10, with sire breed not being significant. Genetic correlations were estimated between IGF-I and performance traits of the ewes, including feed intake, growth, body composition, wool, and reproduction over 3 matings. Although the genetic correlations had high standard errors because of the limited size of the data set, the correlation between IGF-I and grazing feed intake of the mature ewes at maintenance was positive (0.32 +/- 0.31). The genetic correlations of IGF-I with other traits ranged from positive and low to moderate for growth (0.05 to 0.36), positive for ultrasound eye muscle depth (0.15), and negative for ultrasound fat depth (-0.12) in the mature ewes, and close to zero for the wool traits. The genetic correlation between IGF-I and the average number of lambs born per ewe mated was negative (-0.18), whereas that for the average number of lambs weaned per ewe mated was positive (0.10). The parameters indicated that genetic variation exists for IGF-I in sheep, and selection for low IGF-I in young ewes may result in some reduction in feed intake and improvement in maintenance efficiency of mature ewes under grazing, with little impact on other production traits. However, the genetic correlations had high standard errors, and more precise estimates of these parameters are required for genetic evaluation and to predict with confidence the outcome of breeding programs.
BACKGROUND: It is unknown whether diets with a high dietary total antioxidant capacity (TAC) can modify oxidative stress, low-grade inflammation, or liver dysfunction, all of which are risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: We studied the effect of high- and low-TAC (HT and LT, respectively) diets on markers of antioxidant status, systemic inflammation, and liver dysfunction. DESIGN: In a crossover intervention, 33 healthy adults (19 men, 14 women) received the HT and LT diets for 2 wk each. Dietary habits were checked with a 3-d food record during both diet periods and the washout period. RESULTS: Fruit and vegetable, macronutrient, dietary fiber, and alcohol intakes did not differ significantly between the 2 diets, whereas dietary TAC, alpha-tocopherol, and ascorbic acid were significantly (P < 0.001) higher during the HT diet. Plasma alpha-tocopherol rose during the HT and decreased during the LT diet (P < 0.02 for difference) without changes in markers of oxidative stress except plasma malondialdehyde, which decreased unexpectedly during the LT diet (P < 0.05). Plasma high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, alanine aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase, and alkaline phosphatase concentrations decreased during the HT compared with the LT diet (mean +/- SEM for pre-post changes: -0.72 +/- 0.37 compared with 1.05 +/- 0.60 mg/L, P < 0.01; -1.73 +/- 1.02 compared with 2.33 +/- 2.58 U/L, P < 0.01; -2.12 +/- 1.45 compared with 5.15 +/- 2.98 U/L, P < 0.05; and 1.36 +/- 1.34 compared with 5.06 +/- 2.00 U/L, P < 0.01, respectively). CONCLUSION: Selecting foods according to their TAC markedly affects antioxidant intake and modulates hepatic contribution to systemic inflammation without affecting traditional markers of antioxidant status. 
BACKGROUND: Evidence of the benefits of soy on cancer risk in Western populations is inconsistent, in part because of the low intake of soy in these groups. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the validity of soy protein estimates from food-frequency questionnaires (FFQs) in a sample of Adventist Health Study-2 participants with a wide range of soy intakes. DESIGN: We obtained dietary intake data from 100 men and women (43 blacks and 57 nonblacks). Soy protein estimates from FFQs were compared against repeated 24-h recalls and urinary excretion of daidzein, genistein, total isoflavonoids (TIFLs), and equol (measured by HPLC/photodiode array/mass spectrometry) as reference criteria. We calculated Pearson and Spearman correlation coefficients (with 95% CIs) for FFQ-24-h recall, 24 h-recall-urinary excretion, and FFQ-urinary excretion pairs. RESULTS: Among soy users, mean (+/- SD) soy protein values were 12.12 +/- 10.80 g/d from 24-h recalls and 9.43 +/- 7.83 g/d from FFQs. The unattenuated correlation (95% CI) between soy protein estimates from 24-h recalls and FFQs was 0.57 (0.32, 0.75). Correlation coefficients between soy protein intake from 24-h recalls and urinary isoflavonoids were 0.72 (0.43, 0.96) for daidzein, 0.67 (0.43, 0.91) for genistein, and 0.72 (0.47, 0.98) for TIFLs. Between FFQs and urinary excretion, these were 0.50 (0.32, 0.65), 0.48 (0.29, 0.61), and 0.50 (0.32, 0.64) for daidzein, genistein, and TIFLs, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Soy protein estimates from questionnaire were significantly correlated with soy protein from 24-h recalls and urinary excretion of daidzein, genistein, and TIFLs. The Adventist Health Study-2 FFQ is a valid instrument for assessing soy protein in a population with a wide range of soy intakes. 
OBJECTIVE: To detect the association of diet and lifestyle with blood pressure in the Guangxi Hei Yi Zhuang and Han populations. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study of hypertension. SETTING: Both populations were from seven to nine villages in Napo County, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China. SUBJECTS: A total of 1068 subjects of Hei Yi Zhuang and 933 participants of Han Chinese aged 20-89 years were surveyed by a stratified randomised cluster sampling. RESULTS: The levels of systolic blood pressure and pulse pressure were higher in Hei Yi Zhuang than in Han (125.20 (sd 18.62) v. 121.88 (sd 15.99) mmHg and 48.64 (sd 14.75) v. 44.98 (sd 11.12 ) mmHg, P < 0.001 for each, respectively). The prevalence of hypertension and isolated systolic hypertension was also higher in Hei Yi Zhuang than in Han (25.19 % v. 17.26 % and 12.45 % v. 3.86 %, P < 0.001 for each, respectively). Mean arterial pressure was positively correlated with gender, age, physical activity, TAG, alcohol consumption, cigarette smoking, total energy, total fat and salt intakes, and negatively associated with education level and total dietary fibre intake in Hei Yi Zhuang (P < 0.05-0.001), whereas it was positively associated with gender, age, physical activity, BMI, waist circumference, total cholesterol, alcohol consumption, cigarette smoking, total energy, total fat and salt intakes, and negatively associated with education level and total dietary fibre intake in Han (P < 0.05-0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The differences in blood pressure levels and the prevalence of hypertension between the Hei Yi Zhuang and Han populations were associated with different dietary habits, lifestyle choices, education level, as well as geographical surroundings. 
Both (n-3) long-chain PUFA (LCPUFA) and linoleic acid [LA, 18:2(n-6)] improve cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, but a high-LA intake may weaken the effect of (n-3) LCPUFA. In a controlled, double-blind, 2 x 2-factorial 8-wk intervention, we investigated whether fish oil combined with a high- or low-LA intake affects overall CVD risk profile. Healthy men (n = 64) were randomized to 5 mL/d fish oil capsules (FO) [mean intake 3.1 g/d (n-3) LCPUFA] or olive oil capsules (control) and to oils and spreads with either a high (S/B) or a low (R/K) LA content, resulting in a 7.3 g/d higher LA intake in the S/B groups than in the R/K groups. Diet, (n-3) LCPUFA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells, blood pressure (BP), heart rate (HR), and plasma CVD risk markers were measured before and after the intervention. FO lowered fasting plasma triacylglycerol (TAG) (P < 0.001) by 51% and 19% in the FO+R/K-group and FO+S/B-group, respectively, which was also reflected in postprandial TAG measured after the intervention (P < 0.01). Although a fat x FO interaction was found for monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, neither the FO nor fat intervention affected fasting plasma cholesterol, glucose, insulin, fibrinogen, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, P-selectin, oxidized LDL, cluster of differentiation antigen 40 ligand (CD40L), adiponectin, or fasting or postprandial BP or HR after adjustment for body weight changes. In conclusion, neither fish oil supplementation nor the LA intake had immediate pronounced effects on the overall CVD risk profile in healthy men, but fish oil lowered plasma TAG in healthy subjects with initially low concentrations.
For the prevention of liver dysfunction in women, a choline adequate intake of 425 mg/day was established. To date, the relationship between dietary choline intake and plasma concentrations of choline moieties remains relatively unexplored. As an extension of our previous work, this 14-week controlled feeding study investigated the relationship between moderate changes in dietary choline intake and blood indicators of status. The influences of folate intake and the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T genotype were also considered. Healthy premenopausal women (n=45, 18-46 years) with the MTHFR 677CC (n=28) or TT (n=17) genotype consumed a folate-restricted diet for 2 weeks followed by randomization to one of four dietary treatments (n=6-9/group) differing in total choline (344-486 mg/day), betaine (122-349 mg/day) and/or folate (400-800 microg dietary folate equivalents/day) content for 12 weeks. Responses to treatment were assessed as changes in the plasma levels of choline moieties (i.e., betaine, choline, phosphatidylcholine and sphingomyelin) and/or leukocyte global DNA methylation between pretreatment (Week 2) and posttreatment (Week 14) values. No significant changes were detected in the measured variables in response to dietary increases in choline (i.e., 41% increase) or betaine (i.e., 286% increase) intake. However, the MTHFR C677T genotype, alone or together with a diet, influenced betaine (P=.03) and phosphatidylcholine (P=.03). These data suggest that choline status is not a reliable indicator of moderate changes in dietary choline intake possibly due to the engagement of compensatory mechanisms. In addition, the MTHFR C677T genotype appears to influence the direction and use of choline moieties in this group of women.
In light of the potential beneficial effects of adiponectin on insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular risk, it is becoming increasingly important to identify all modifiable factors, including dietary patterns, that may affect circulating adiponectin concentrations. The aim of the present study was to explore potential associations between dietary patterns and plasma adiponectin levels using principal component analysis (PCA) in a sample of apparently healthy adult Mediterranean women. Two hundred twenty women were enrolled in this study. Anthropometric and body composition measurements were performed in all subjects. Blood samples were taken, and adiponectin concentrations were measured. Food intake was evaluated by 3-day food diaries, and PCA was used for the identification of the participants' dietary patterns. The PCA identified 10 dietary components explaining 82% of the total variance in food intake. Bivariate correlation between circulating adiponectin levels and dietary components revealed a positive significant association only with the first component that was characterized by high intake of whole-grain cereals and low-fat dairy products as well as low intake of refined cereals (P = .04). This association remained unchanged after controlling for potential confounders (standardized beta coefficient = 0.18, P = .03). A dietary pattern characteristic of consumption of alcoholic beverages was found to be marginally related to adiponectin levels in the multivariate model (standardized beta coefficient = 0.14, P = .10). Our data indicate that a dietary pattern characterized by a high consumption of whole-grain cereals and low-fat dairy products is modestly positively associated with adiponectin concentrations.
AIMS: To determine the effect of a daily intake of circa 25 g soya protein on blood lipids in adults with normal or mildly elevated cholesterolaemia. METHODS: Medline and other scientific databases were searched to identify randomised controlled trials (RCTs); these were systematically reviewed against pre-determined criteria. Eligible RCTs evaluated the effect of 25 g (range 15-40 g) soya protein on measures of blood lipids. Results from RCTs were pooled using standard meta-analysis methods. RESULTS: Thirty studies containing 42 treatment arms (n=2913), with an average soya protein intake of 26.9 g met the inclusion criteria. Soya protein inclusion led to reductions in standard difference in mean low density lipoprotein (LDL), total cholesterol and blood triglycerides of 0.23 mmol/L (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.160 to -0.306, p<0.0001), 0.22 mmol/L (95% CI -0.142 to -0.291, p<0.0001) and 0.08 mmol/L (95% CI -0.004 to -0.158, p=0.04), respectively. There was no effect on mean difference in apolipoprotein A (ApoA), but ApoB was reduced by 0.021 g/L (p=0.01) in the soya group. Meta-regression analysis indicated no dose response relationship between soya protein intake in the range of 15-40 g and standard difference in LDL or HDL. All data were tested for heterogeneity and none identified. CONCLUSIONS: The inclusion of modest amounts soya protein (ca. 25 g) into the diet of adults with normal or mild hypercholesterolaemia resulted in small, highly significant reductions in total and LDL cholesterol, equivalent to ca. 6% LDL reduction. This practically achievable intake, particularly when combined with other dietary measures, can make a useful contribution to blood cholesterol management. 
BACKGROUND: While naturally occurring inulin has anti-hyperlipidemic effects in animals and humans, health effects of synthetic inulin with different degrees of fructose polymerization remain poorly understood. AIM OF THE STUDY: Our study aimed at distinguishing health effects of synthetic inulin with different degrees of fructose polymerization (DP) from those of resistant maltodextrin and clofibrate. METHODS: We examined effects of synthetic inulin on serum and liver lipid profiles and blood biochemical parameters in rats fed a high-fat and high-sucrose (HF, cafeteria) diet when compared to resistant maltodextrin and clofibrate. RESULTS: Treatment with inulin (average DP = 6-8, 16-17 and 23) and resistant maltodextrin for 3 weeks reduced the elevation in liver levels of triacylglycerol and total cholesterol of rats fed the cafeteria diet but not the standard diet. In these groups, inulin (average DP = 16-17) significantly reduced the portal plasma glucose level. Moreover, the levels of portal plasma propionate and circulating serum adiponectin, which were decreased in cafeteria rats, recovered to nearly normal levels after administration of inulin (average DP = 16-17). In addition, the dietary inulin suppressed elevation in levels of portal plasma insulin and circulating serum leptin and induction of acetyl-CoA carboxylase and fatty acid synthase mRNAs in the liver of cafeteria rats, consistent with the reduction of liver lipids. The dietary inulin and clofibrate markedly reduced triacylglycerol levels in serum very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) and liver and epididymal adipose tissue weights of cafeteria rats; the extent of suppression by the dietary inulin was higher than that by clofibrate. No additive or synergistic effect of the dietary inulin and clofibrate was found in decrease in circulating serum VLDL and liver lipid levels. CONCLUSION: These observations indicate that the dietary inulin may prevent the development of metabolic disease such as hyperlipidemia and hyperinsulinemia caused by intake of cafeteria diet, in association with suppression of liver lipogenesis. 
OBJECTIVE: Systemic inflammation may play an important role in the development of atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, and some cancers. Few studies have comprehensively assessed the direct relations between dietary fiber and inflammatory cytokines, especially in minority populations. Using baseline data from 1958 postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study, we examined cross-sectional associations between dietary fiber intake and markers of systemic inflammation (including serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [hs-CRP], interleukin-6 [IL-6], and tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptor-2 [TNF-alpha-R2]) in addition to differences in these associations by ethnicity. METHODS: Multiple linear regression models were used to assess the relation between fiber intake and makers of systemic inflammation. RESULTS: After adjustment for covariates, intakes of dietary fiber were inversely associated with IL-6 (P values for trend were 0.01 for total fiber, 0.004 for soluble fiber, and 0.001 for insoluble fiber) and TNF-alpha-R2 (P values for trend were 0.002 for total, 0.02 for soluble, and <0.001 for insoluble fibers). Although the samples were small in minority Americans, results were generally consistent with those found among European Americans. We did not observe any significant association between intake of dietary fiber and hs-CRP. CONCLUSION: These findings lend support to the hypothesis that a high-fiber diet is associated with lower plasma levels of IL-6 and TNF-alpha-R2. Contrary to previous reports, however, there was no association between fiber and hs-CRP among postmenopausal women. Future studies on the influence of diet on inflammation should include IL-6 and TNF-alpha-R2 and enroll participants from ethnic minorities. 
AIM: To investigate the effects of the expression of human kallikrein (HK) on basal level blood pressure and high-salt diet-induced hypertension. METHODS: We delivered the recombinant adeno-associated viral (rAAV)-mediated HK (rAAV- HK) gene and rAAV-LacZ (as the control) to normal, adult Sprague-Dawley rats. The animals were administered a normal diet in the first 4 weeks, followed by a high-salt diet. The expression of HK in the rats was assessed by ELISA and RT- PCR. Blood pressure and Na+ and K+ urinary excretion were monitored. RESULTS: Under the normal diet, no obvious changes in blood pressure and Na+ and K+ urinary excretion were observed. When the high-salt diet was administered, systolic blood pressure in the control animals receiving rAAV-LacZ increased from 122.3+/-1.13 mmHg to a stable 142.4+/-1.77 mmHg 8 weeks after the high-salt diet. In contrast, there was no significant increase in the blood pressure in the rAAV-HKtreated group, in which the blood pressure remained at 121.9+/-1.73 mmHg. In the rAAV-HK-treated group, Na+ and K+ urinary excretion were higher compared to those of the control group. The morphological analysis showed that HK delivery remarkably protected against renal damage induced by a high-salt intake. CONCLUSION: Our study indicates that rAAV-mediated human tissue kallikrein gene delivery is a potentially safe method for the long-term treatment of hypertension. More importantly, it could be applied in the salt-sensitive population to prevent the occurrence of hypertension. 
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) mediates alcohol-induced organ dysfunction, including alcoholic hepatitis. Variations in the TNF-alpha gene may underlie the individual predisposition to alcoholic liver disease. Measurement of serum TNF-alpha levels has become a routine in clinical practice. The study was aimed at investigating the level of serum TNF-alpha levels in adults and analyzing its relationship with different levels of alcohol consumption, as well as the potential interaction between alcohol consumption and common TNF-alpha gene polymorphisms in relation to TNF-alpha levels and liver disease. Serum TNF-alpha was measured in a random sample of 459 individuals from a general adult population and in 137 hospital-admitted alcoholics. Three common TNF-alpha gene polymorphisms (-238G> A, -308G> A, and -857C> T) were investigated in 419 of these individuals. In the general adult population, the TNF-alpha levels were similar in alcohol abstainers and alcohol drinkers. Alcoholics admitted to the hospital showed the highest TNF-alpha levels, which were correlated with liver dysfunction. We found no evidence of an interaction between alcohol consumption and TNF-alpha gene polymorphisms in relation to TNF-alpha levels. Carriers of the TNF -238A allele tended to have a higher prevalence of advanced liver disease than -238G homozygotes, confirming previous reports. In conclusion, light-to-moderate drinking had no significant effect on the levels of serum TNF-alpha levels. Serum TNF-alpha levels are elevated in alcoholics independently of common TNF gene polymorphisms.
BACKGROUND: Methods for assessing diet are prone to measurement error, which may be substantial in large cohort investigations. Biomarkers can be used as objective measures with which to compare estimates of nutritional exposure using different methods METHODS: Cross sectional comparisons in 12 474 men and women of regression between biomarkers for vitamin C, sodium, potassium, fibre, carbohydrate, fat and phytoestrogens with intakes derived from food diaries and food frequency questionnaires (FFQ), and odds ratios for risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) by dietary and plasma vitamin C. RESULTS: There were strong (P < 0.001) associations between biomarkers and intakes as assessed by food diary. Coefficients were markedly attenuated for data obtained from the FFQ, especially so for vitamin C, potassium and phytoestrogens (Z P < 0.05). Risk of IHD was associated with plasma vitamin C (P < 0.001) and intake of vitamin C and fruit and vegetables assessed by food diary (P quintile trends <0.001, 0.001) but not by the FFQ (P quintile trends 0.923, 0.186). CONCLUSIONS: Nutritional data that reflect the findings from biomarkers reduce measurement error and will thus improve statistical power in studies of gene nutrient interactions in cohort studies. 
Observational and clinical studies suggest that high protein intake, particularly protein from plant sources, might reduce blood pressure (BP). To examine the association of dietary protein with BP, we analysed data from PREMIER, an 18-month clinical trial (n=810) that examined the effects of two multi-component lifestyle modifications on BP. We examined the association of protein intake with BP, and in particular the independent relationship of plant and animal protein with BP. Multivariable linear regression analyses were performed with both cross-sectional and longitudinal data. Dietary plant protein was inversely associated with both systolic and diastolic BP in cross-sectional analyses at the 6-month follow-up (P=0.0045 and 0.0096, respectively). Fruit and vegetable intake was also inversely associated with both systolic and diastolic BP cross-sectionally at 6 months (P=0.0003 and 0.0157, respectively). In longitudinal analyses, a high intake of plant protein at 6 months was marginally associated with a reduction of both systolic and diastolic BP from baseline to 6 months only (P=0.0797 and 0.0866, respectively), independent of change in body weight and waist circumference. Furthermore, increased intake of plant protein, and fruits and vegetables was significantly associated with a lower risk of hypertension at 6 but not at 18 months. Results of this study indicate that plant protein had a beneficial effect on BP and was associated with a lower risk of hypertension at 6 months. Our data, in conjunction with other research, suggest that an increased intake of plant protein may be useful as a means to prevent and treat hypertension.
OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to investigate associations between dietary factors and high molecular weight (HMW) as well as total adiponectin in a sample of apparently healthy adult Mediterranean women. DESIGN AND METHODS: Two hundred and twenty women were enrolled in this study. Anthropometric and body composition measurements were performed in all subjects. Fasting blood samples were taken; HMW and total adiponectin concentrations were measured. Food intake was evaluated using 3-day food records. The frequency of consumption of several food groups was approximately quantified in terms of number of servings per day. Furthermore, dietary intakes of betaine, choline, and free choline were estimated. RESULTS: Women in the highest HMW adiponectin tertile had higher fruit intake compared with those with lower levels, after adjusting for potential confounders (P=0.04). On the contrary, dietary betaine and choline intakes were not different among HMW adiponectin tertiles. In linear models, fruit consumption, controlling for biological and lifestyle variables, was significantly related to HMW adiponectin (partial r=0.15, P=0.04), but the association with total adiponectin did not reach statistical significance (partial r=0.11, P=0.12). A significant negative correlation between total adiponectin and refined cereals was also observed (partial r=-0.16, P=0.03). DISCUSSION: This is the first study that evaluates associations between dietary factors and HMW adiponectin levels. The associations found are moderate and indicate that, after multivariate adjustment, fruit consumption is related to HMW adiponectin in both linear and nonlinear models. 
BACKGROUND: Common allelic variation in the angiopoietin-like 4 gene (ANGPTL4[E40K]) has been associated with low triglyceride (TG) and high HDL-C. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether dietary macronutrient intake modified associations between ANGPTL4[E40K] variation and TG and HDL-C in White men and women from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities study. DESIGN: Diet was assessed by food frequency questionnaire. Intake of fat (total fat [TF], saturated fat [SF], monounsaturated fat [MUFA], polyunsaturated fat [PUFA], and n-3 PUFA) and carbohydrate were expressed as percentage of total energy intake. ANGPTL4 A allele carriers (n=148 in men, 200 in women) were compared to non-carriers (n=3667 in men, 4496 in women). Interactions were tested separately in men and women, adjusting for study center, age, smoking, physical activity, BMI, and alcohol intake. RESULTS: ANGPTL4 A allele carriers had significantly greater HDL-C and lower TG than non-carriers (p<or=0.001). In all participants, carbohydrate intake was inversely associated with HDL-C and positively associated with TG, whereas TF, SF, and MUFA showed opposite associations with TG and HDL-C (p<0.001). These relations were uniform between sex-specific genotype groups, with one exception. In men, but not women, the inverse association between carbohydrate and HDL-C was stronger in A allele carriers (beta+/-S.E. -1.80+/-0.54) than non-carriers (beta+/-S.E. -0.54+/-0.11, p(interaction)=0.04 in men and 0.69 in women; p 3-way interaction=0.14). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that ANGPTL4 variation and relative contributions of dietary fat and carbohydrate influence TG and HDL-C concentrations. In men, ANGPTL4 variation and dietary carbohydrate may interactively influence HDL-C. 
Findings from observational and interventional studies on the relationship of dietary linoleic acid, the main dietary polyunsaturated fatty acid, with blood pressure have been inconsistent. The International Study of Macro-Micronutrients and Blood Pressure is an international cross-sectional epidemiological study of 4680 men and women ages 40 to 59 years from 17 population samples in China, Japan, United Kingdom, and United States. We report associations of linoleic acid intake of individuals with their blood pressure. Nutrient intake data were based on 4 in-depth multipass 24-hour dietary recalls per person and 2 timed 24-hour urine collections per person. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures were measured 8 times at 4 visits. With several models to control for possible confounders (dietary or other), linear regression analyses showed a nonsignificant inverse relationship of linoleic acid intake (percent kilocalories) to systolic and diastolic blood pressure for all of the participants. When analyzed for 2238 "nonintervened" individuals (not on a special diet, not consuming nutritional supplements, no diagnosed cardiovascular disease or diabetes, and not taking medication for high blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes), the relationship was stronger. With adjustment for 14 variables, estimated systolic/diastolic blood pressure differences with 2-SD higher linoleic acid intake (3.77% kcal) were -1.42/-0.91 mm Hg (P<0.05 for both) for nonintervened participants. For total polyunsaturated fatty acid intake, blood pressure differences were -1.42/-0.98 mm Hg (P<0.05 for both) with 2 SD higher intake (4.04% kcal). Dietary linoleic acid intake may contribute to prevention and control of adverse blood pressure levels in general populations.
BACKGROUND: The level of detail regarding the dietary intake necessary to characterize associations between diet and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is uncertain. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated a unique a priori-defined dietary pattern in relation to several traditional and novel CVD risk factors. DESIGN: At the baseline examination, diet (by food-frequency questionnaire), markers of inflammation, subclinical atherosclerosis, renal disease, vascular compliance, and other traditional risk factors were measured in 5089 men and women aged 45-84 y without clinical CVD or diabetes from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA). We defined a Comprehensive Healthy Dietary Pattern by summing weighted categorical ranks of 36 narrowly defined food groups (21 rated favorably with categorical ranks x +1.0 and 15 rated unfavorably with categorical ranks x -1.0). We also defined a Simplified Healthy Dietary Pattern composed of 3 favorable (whole grains, fruit, and seeds and nuts) and 3 unfavorable (added fats and oils, processed meats, and fried potatoes) food groups using similar scoring techniques and determined the difference between the comprehensive and simplified scores. RESULTS: The Comprehensive Healthy Dietary Pattern was associated with lower urinary albumin:creatinine ratios, common carotid intima-media thickness, measures of adiposity, and inflammatory marker, triacylglycerol, and insulin concentrations. The magnitudes of most of the associations were similar between the 2 dietary patterns, but some differences were observed between scores. Dietary patterns were not associated with blood pressure, coronary artery calcification, internal carotid intima-media thickness, or the ankle brachial index. CONCLUSIONS: Many food groups contribute to the characterization of relations with a variety of CVD risk markers, although only 6 food groups contribute much of the information in MESA. 
BACKGROUND: Limited evidence is available about the relations between sodium and potassium intakes and cardiovascular disease in the general population. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate relations between sodium and potassium intakes and cardiovascular disease in Asian populations whose mean sodium intake is generally high. DESIGN: Between 1988 and 1990, a total of 58,730 Japanese subjects (n = 23,119 men and 35,611 women) aged 40-79 y with no history of stroke, coronary heart disease, or cancer completed a lifestyle questionnaire including food intake frequency under the Japan Collaborative Cohort Study for Evaluation of Cancer Risk sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Sports and Science. RESULTS: After 745,161 person-years of follow-up, we documented 986 deaths from stroke (153 subarachnoid hemorrhages, 227 intraparenchymal hemorrhages, and 510 ischemic strokes) and 424 deaths from coronary heart disease. Sodium intake was positively associated with mortality from total stroke, ischemic stroke, and total cardiovascular disease. The multivariable hazard ratio for the highest versus the lowest quintiles of sodium intake after adjustment for age, sex, and cardiovascular disease risk factors was 1.55 (95% CI: 1.21, 2.00; P for trend < 0.001) for total stroke, 2.04 (95% CI: 1.41, 2.94; P for trend < 0.001) for ischemic stroke, and 1.42 (95% CI: 1.20, 1.69; P for trend < 0.001) for total cardiovascular disease. Potassium intake was inversely associated with mortality from coronary heart disease and total cardiovascular disease. The multivariable hazard ratio for the highest versus the lowest quintiles of potassium intake was 0.65 (95% CI: 0.39, 1.06; P for trend = 0.083) for coronary heart disease and 0.73 (95% CI: 0.59, 0.92; P for trend = 0.018) for total cardiovascular disease, and these associations were more evident for women than for men. CONCLUSIONS: A high sodium intake and a low potassium intake may increase the risk of mortality from cardiovascular disease. 
BACKGROUND: We investigated whether several different inflammatory markers including C-reactive protein (CRP) and fibrinogen and white blood cells (WBCs) count, are associated with maximal oxygen consumption (VO(2 max)) in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: In PCOS women (n = 124, 24.1 +/- 4.5 year-old) VO(2 max) was measured during symptom-limited cardiopulmonary exercise test. Abdominal fat distribution was determined by ultrasound. Physical activity level was assessed by a standardized questionnaire. CRP was measured by immunoassays, fibrinogen by the Clauss method, and WBCs count with a Coulter counter. RESULTS: Pearson's analysis showed a significant correlation between VO(2 max) and logCRP (r = -0.437, P < 0.001), fibrinogen (r = -0.479, P < 0.001), and WBCs count (r = -0.438, P < 0.001). Multivariable logistic regression model showed that age (beta = -0.127, P = 0.005), AUC(INS )(beta = -0.335, P < 0.001), HDL-C (beta = 0.390, P < 0.001), physical activity score (beta = 0.238, P = 0.002), visceral fat (beta =-0.184), P = 0.023), FAI (beta = -0.291, P = 0.028); CRP (beta = -0.216, P = 0.011), fibrinogen (beta = -0.113, P = 0.008) and WBCs count (beta = -0.177, P < 0.001) were significantly associated with VO(2 max). CONCLUSIONS: Acute-phase reactants, such as CRP and fibrinogen, and WBCs count were independently and inversely associated with a direct measure of cardiorespiratory fitness (VO(2 max)) in women with PCOS, even after adjustment for physical activity level and other potential confounding factors. These findings add to the growing body of evidence linking inflammation to cardiorespiratory fitness in PCOS women. 
The possible contribution of early changes in lipid composition, function, and antioxidant status of abdominal adipose tissue (AAT) induced by a fructose-rich diet (FRD) to the development of insulin resistance (IR) and oxidative stress (OS) was studied. Wistar rats were fed with a commercial diet with (FRD) or without 10% fructose in the drinking water for 3 weeks. The glucose (G), triglyceride (TG), and insulin (I) plasma levels, and the activity of antioxidant enzymes, lyposoluble antioxidants, total glutathione (GSH), lipid peroxidation as TBARS, fatty acid (FA) composition of AAT-TG as well as their release by incubated pieces of AAT were measured. Rats fed with a FRD have significantly higher plasma levels of G, TG, and I. Their AAT showed a marked increase in content and ratios of saturated to monounsaturated and polyunsaturated FAs, TBARS, and catalase, GSH-transferase and GSH-reductase, together with a decrease in superoxide dismutase and GSH-peroxidase activity, and total GSH, alpha-tocopherol, beta-carotene and lycopene content. Incubated AAT from FRD released in vitro higher amount of free fatty acids (FFAs) with higher ratios of saturated to monounsaturated and polyunsaturated FAs. Our data suggest that FRD induced an early prooxidative state and metabolic dysfunction in AAT that would favor the overall development of IR and OS and further development of pancreatic beta-cell failure; therefore, its early control would represent an appropriate strategy to prevent alterations such as the development of type 2 diabetes.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate associations of dietary iron (total, haem, and non-haem), supplemental iron, and red meat with blood pressure. DESIGN: Cross sectional epidemiological study. SETTING: 17 population samples from Japan, China, the United Kingdom, and the United States participating in the international collaborative study on macro-/micronutrients and blood pressure (INTERMAP). PARTICIPANTS: 4680 adults aged 40-59. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Average of eight blood pressure readings. RESULTS: In multiple linear regression analyses dietary total iron and non-haem iron were consistently inversely associated with blood pressure. With adjustment for potential non-dietary and dietary confounders, dietary total iron intake higher by 4.20 mg/4.2 MJ (2 SD) was associated with -1.39 mm Hg (P<0.01) lower systolic blood pressure. Dietary non-haem iron intake higher by 4.13 mg/4.2 MJ (2 SD) was associated with -1.45 mm Hg (P<0.001) lower systolic blood pressure. Differences were smaller for diastolic blood pressure. In most models haem iron intake from food was positively, non-significantly associated with blood pressure. Iron intake from combined diet and supplements yielded smaller associations than dietary iron alone. Red meat intake was directly associated with blood pressure; 102.6 g/24 h (2 SD) higher intake was associated with 1.25 mm Hg higher systolic blood pressure. Associations between red meat and blood pressure persisted after adjustment for multiple confounders. CONCLUSION: Non-haem iron has a possible role in the prevention and control of adverse blood pressure levels. An unfavourable effect of red meat on blood pressure was observed. These results need confirmation including in prospective studies, clinical trials, and from experimental evidence on possible mechanisms. 
The present study compared the effects of a high- and normal-casein-protein breakfast on satiety, 'satiety' hormones, plasma amino acid responses and subsequent energy intake. Twenty-five healthy subjects (BMI 23.9 (SEM 0.3) kg/m2; age 22 (SEM 1) years) received a subject-specific standardised breakfast (20% of daily energy requirements): a custard with casein as the single protein source with either 10, 55 and 35 (normal-casein breakfast) or 25, 55 and 20 (high-casein breakfast) % of energy (En%) from protein, carbohydrate and fat respectively in a randomised, single-blind design. Appetite profile (visual analogue scale; VAS), plasma glucose, insulin, glucagon-like peptide 1, ghrelin and amino acid concentrations were determined for 4 h; here the sensitive moment in time for lunch was determined. Subjects came for a second set of experiments and received the same custards for breakfast, and an ad libitum lunch was offered at 180 min after breakfast; energy intake was assessed. There were increased scores of fullness and satiety after the 25 En% casein-custard compared with the 10 En% casein-custard, particularly at 180 min (26 (SEM 4) v. 11 (SEM 5) mm VAS; P<0.01) and 240 min (13 (SEM 5) v. -1 (SEM 5) mm VAS; P<0.01). This coincided with prolonged elevated plasma amino acid concentrations; total amino acids and branched-chain amino acids were higher after the 25 En% casein-custard compared with the 10 En% casein-custard at 180 and 240 min (P<0.001). There was no difference in energy intake (3080 (SEM 229) v. 3133 (SEM 226) kJ for 25 En% and 10 En% respectively; NS) from the ad libitum lunch. In conclusion, a breakfast with 25% of energy from casein is rated as being more satiating than a breakfast with 10% of energy from casein at 3 and 4 h after breakfast, coinciding with prolonged elevated concentrations of plasma amino acids, but does not reduce subsequent energy intake.
Co-morbidities of haemophilia, such as arthropathy and blood-borne infections, can adversely affect the quality of life of adult patients with haemophilia. The purpose of this study was to develop and validate a haemophilia-specific health-related quality of life questionnaire for adults (HAEMO-QoL-A). Subjects with varying severities of haemophilia completed the HAEMO-QoL-A at baseline and 4 weeks. Other assessments included the SF-36 and Health Assessment Questionnaire - Functional Disability Index (HAQ-FDI). Two-hundred and twenty-one participants completed the 41-item HAEMO-QoL-A covering six domains (Physical Functioning, Role Functioning, Worry, Consequences of Bleeding, Emotional Impact and Treatment Concerns) and four independent items. Internal consistency was good-to-excellent (Cronbach's alpha-range: 0.75-0.95). Test-retest reproducibility was good, with intraclass correlation coefficients >0.80 except for the Emotional Impact domain (0.79). Concurrent validity between the HAEMO-QoL-A total and subscale scores and all SF-36 subscale scores were generally good (correlations range: 0.13-0.87). Significant correlations between the HAEMO-QoL-A and the HAQ-FDI ranged from -0.14 to -0.69. There were non-significant correlations with the Treatment Concerns subscale and with the Worry subscale. The HAEMO-QoL-A discriminated significantly between adults with haemophilia by severity and HIV status. The Physical Functioning subscale discriminated between patients receiving prophylactic or on-demand therapy. The HAEMO-QoL-A is a valid and reliable instrument for assessing quality of life in haemophilia patients.
AIMS: The purpose of this study was to adapt the IIQ-7 to suit the Egyptian culture and then to assess validity and reliability of the adapted and translated IIQ-7 and UDI-6. METHODS: IIQ-7 was modified to suit Egyptian culture. Linguistic validation of the two questionnaires was done. Initial test-retest reliability and internal consistency of adapted translated questionnaires were done in a pilot study. The final validity, test-retest reliability and internal consistency study included 204 women with urinary incontinence (UI). Participants completed the two questionnaires at enrollment and after 2 weeks. All participants underwent urodynamics. Baseline urodynamic diagnosis was compared with diagnoses made by questionnaires to assess validity. RESULTS: Test-retest reliability was excellent for both the IIQ-7 and UDI-6. For the UDI-6, the mean difference (SD) between first and second visits was -1.63 (7.0), and the 95% CI for the mean difference was -2.6 and -0.68. The 95% limits of agreement were -15.3 and 12.0. Lin's concordance correlation coefficient (LCCC) (95% CI) for the UDI was 0.89 (0.85 and 0.91). For the IIQ-7, the mean difference (SD) was 0.37 (7.1), and the 95% CI for the mean difference was -0.60 and 1.3. The 95% limits of agreement were -13.5 and 14.2. LCCC (95% CI) for the IIQ was 0.90 (0.87 and 0.92). Internal consistency as assessed using Cronbach's alpha was 0.32 and 0.31 for the UDI-6 and IIQ-7, respectively. Validity assessments indicated that both IIQ and UDI scales can distinguish objective disease states. CONCLUSIONS: UDI-6 and the modified IIQ-7 are easy to administer, test-retest reliable, and valid questionnaires, with relatively low internal consistency. 
As in other species, exogenous administration of ghrelin, an endogenous ligand for the growth hormone (GH) secretagogue receptors can stimulates feeding behaviour and GH secretion in the sheep. However, the importance of endogenous ghrelin for these two functions as well as its central or peripheral origin remained to be established. In the present study, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) ghrelin concentrations were measured in five anoestrous ewes and found to be more than 1000-fold lower than circulating plasma levels, in keeping with the even lower concentration in hypothalamic compared to abomasum tissue extracts. Cluster analysis indicated that CSF ghrelin levels were markedly pulsatile, with a greater number of peaks than plasma ghrelin. Pulsatility parameters were closer for GH and CSF ghrelin than between GH and plasma ghrelin. Plasma ghrelin and GH levels were significantly correlated in three out of five ewes but CSF ghrelin and GH in one ewe only. Half of the CSF ghrelin episodes were preceded by a ghrelin peak in plasma with a 22-min delay. Cross-correlations between plasma GH and plasma or CSF ghrelin did not reach significance but a trend towards cross-correlation was observed from 20 to 0 min between plasma and CSF ghrelin. At 09.00 h, when food was returned to ewes, voluntary food intake did not elicit a consistent change in plasma or CSF ghrelin levels. By contrast, a peripheral ghrelin injection (1 mg, i.v.) immediately stimulated feeding behaviour and GH secretion. These effects were concomitant with a more than ten-fold increase in plasma ghrelin levels, whereas CSF ghrelin values only doubled 40-50 min after the injection. This suggests that peripherally-injected ghrelin crosses the blood-brain barrier, but only in low amount and with relatively slow kinetics compared to its effects on GH release and food intake. Taken together, the results obtained in the present study support the notion that, in the ovariectomised-oestradiol implanted sheep model, peripheral ghrelin injection rapidly induces GH secretion, and feeding behaviour, probably by acting on growth hormone secretagogue receptor subtype 1 located in brain regions in which the blood-brain barrier is not complete (e.g. the arcuate nucleus).
OBJECTIVE: We compared the effect of short-term consumption of a very low carbohydrate (VLC) diet over 48 h to a control mixed diet on sleep indices in healthy, non-obese men. DESIGN: This study employed a repeated-measure design where subjects were given isocaloric (2400 kcal) diets and matching evening test meals (4 h before usual bed-time), which were either mixed low-fat, high carbohydrate (15.5%, 12.5% and 72% of energy from protein, fat and carbohydrate, respectively) or VLC (38%, 61% and < 1% of energy from protein, fat and carbohydrate, respectively). Polysomnographic testing was performed on the familiarization and control night, 4 h after the first VLC test meal (acute phase) and 48 h (ketosis phase) following commencement of the VLC diet. SUBJECTS: Fourteen healthy, non-obese men (aged 18-35 years; body mass index 23.4 +/- 1.9 kg/m(2)) who were good sleepers took part in the study. MEASUREMENT: Objective sleep was recorded using a computerized sleep system. Urine ketone level was monitored with reagent strips before the evening test meals and at bed-time on the control night, during the VLC acute and ketosis phases. Blood glucose level was measured with a glucometer before the evening test meal until 120 min following the meal. Hunger and fullness were assessed immediately after the meal until bed-time with Likert scales. RESULTS: The proportion of rapid-eye movement (REM) sleep to total sleep time was significantly reduced at the VLC acute and VLC ketosis when compared to the control night (P = 0.006; n = 11 and P = 0.05; n = 14, respectively). The percentage of slow wave sleep (SWS) significantly increased for both the VLC acute (17.7 +/- 6.7) and ketosis (17.8 +/- 6.1) phases compared to control (13.9 +/- 6.3), P = 0.02 for both phases. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy, good sleepers, the VLC diet over the short-term promotes increases in the percentage of SWS (deep sleep stage 4) and a reduction in the percentage of REM sleep ('dreaming' sleep) compared to the control mixed diet. The sleep changes may be linked to the metabolism of the fat content of the VLC diet. 
BACKGROUND: In initial analyses, we found significant differences between serum adiponectin in Japanese living in Japan and Hawaii. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether differences in dietary and other lifestyle factors explain higher serum adiponectin concentrations in Japanese in Japan compared with Japanese emigrants living a Western lifestyle in Hawaii. DESIGN: Serum adiponectin and nutrient intakes were examined by standardized methods in men and women aged 40-59 y from 2 population samples, one Japanese American in Hawaii (99 men, 104 women), the other Japanese in central Japan (124 men, 125 women). Multiple linear regression models were used to assess the role of dietary and other lifestyle traits in accounting for serum adiponectin difference between Hawaii and Japan. RESULTS: Mean adiponectin was significantly higher in Japan than in Hawaii (10.5 +/- 5.5 mug/mL compared with 6.7 +/- 3.2 mug/mL in men, P = 0.002; 12.9 +/- 5.9 mug/mL compared with 9.4 +/- 4.2 in women, P < 0.0001). In men, the difference in body mass index (BMI; in kg/m(2)) in the 2 populations explained approximately 90% of the difference in serum adiponectin; in women, only 29%. In multiple linear regression analyses in women further adjustment for physical activity and 4 nutrients (nonvegetable protein, n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid, arachidonic acid, dietary cholesterol) produced a further reduction in the coefficient for the difference (total 56%); P value for the difference became 0.074. CONCLUSIONS: The significantly higher mean serum adiponectin concentration in Japan than in Hawaii may be attributable largely to differences in BMI. Differences in nutrient intake in the 2 samples were associated with only modest relation to the adiponectin difference. 
Using urinary sugars as a biomarker of consumption, we have previously shown that obese people consume significantly more sugars than individuals of normal weight. However, there is concern that recovery of this biomarker may differ between normal weight and obese individuals. A total of 19 subjects, divided into two groups according to their body mass index (BMI) (normal weight BMI < or = 25 kg/m(2), n=10; obese BMI > or = 30 kg/m(2), n=9), participated in a randomized crossover dietary intervention study of three diets providing 13, 30 and 50% of energy from sugars for 4 days each while living in a volunteer suite. The mean urinary sucrose and fructose excretions in 24-h urine increased with increasing sugar consumption over the three dietary periods in both BMI groups and were significantly different between the diets (P < 0.01). There was no significant interaction effect of BMI class on the mean urinary excretions of these sugars with different sugar intakes, either as absolute values or expressed as a percentage of total sugar intake. In conclusion, BMI does not affect the validity of sucrose and fructose excretions in 24-h urine collections used as biomarkers to estimate total sugar consumption.
BACKGROUND: To optimize sampling and to understand sources of variation in biomarkers for osteoarthritis (OA), we evaluated variation due to activity and food consumption. METHODS: Twenty participants, with radiographic knee OA, provided serial serum and urine samples at 4 time points: before arising in the morning; after 1 h of light activity; 1 h after eating breakfast; and in the evening. Five serum (s) and 2 urinary (u) analytes were measured: hyaluronan (sHA); cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (sCOMP); keratan sulfate (sKS-5D4); transforming growth factor beta (sTGF-ss1); and collagen II-related epitopes (sCPII, uCTXII, and uC2C). Activity was monitored by an accelerometer. RESULTS: All serum biomarkers increased and one of the urinary biomarkers decreased after 1 h of non-exertional activity. Food consumption following activity was associated with a return of biomarker concentrations to baseline levels. Accelerometers proved to be a novel way to monitor protocol compliance and demonstrated a positive association between the mean level of activity and sCOMP concentration. Urinary CTXII varied the least but demonstrated both true circadian variation (peak in the morning and nadir in the evening) and the most robust correlation with radiographic knee OA. CONCLUSIONS: We confirm activity related variation in these markers. These data suggested that biomarkers also varied due to upright posture, glomerular filtration rate stimulated by food intake, and circadian rhythm in the case of uCTXII. 
BACKGROUND: Sex and lifestyle factors are known to influence the oxidation of protein, lipids, and DNA. Biomarkers such as protein carbonyls (PC), malondialdehyde (MDA), and 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) have been commonly used in an attempt to characterize the oxidative status of human subjects. OBJECTIVE: This study compared resting blood oxidative stress biomarkers, in relation to exercise training status and dietary intake, between men and women. METHODS: Exercise-trained and sedentary men and women (with normal menstrual cycles; reporting during the early follicular phase) were recruited from the University of Memphis, Tennessee, campus and surrounding community via recruitment flyers and word of mouth. Participants were categorized by sex and current exercise training status (ie, trained or untrained). Each completed a detailed 5-day food record of all food and drink consumed. Diets were analyzed for kilocalories and macro- and micronutrient (vitamins C, E, A) intake. Venous blood samples were obtained at rest and analyzed for PC, MDA, and 8-OHdG. RESULTS: In the 131 participants (89 men, of whom 74 were exercise trained and 15 untrained, and 42 women, of whom 22 were exercise trained and 20 untrained; mean [SD] age, 24 [4] years), PC did not differ significantly between trained men and women or between untrained men and women. However, trained participants had significantly lower plasma PC (measured in nmol . mg protein(-1)) (mean [SEM] 0.0966 [0.0055]) than did untrained participants (0.1036 [0.0098]) (P < 0.05). MDA levels (measured in micromol . L(-1)) were significantly lower in trained women (0.4264 [0.0559]) compared with trained men (0.6959 [0.0593]); in trained men and women combined (0.5621 [0.0566]) compared with untrained men and women combined (0.7397 [0.0718]); and in women combined (0.5665 [0.0611]) compared with men combined (0.7338 [0.0789]) (P < 0.05 for all comparisons). No significant differences were noted between any groups for 8-OHdG. Neither PC nor 8-OHdG were correlated to any dietary variable, with the exception of PC and percent of protein in untrained men (r = 0.552; P = 0.033). MDA was positively correlated to protein intake and negatively correlated to percent of carbohydrate and vitamin C intake, primarily in trained men (P < or = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: In this sample of young healthy adults, oxidative stress was lower in women than in men and in trained compared with untrained individuals, particularly regarding MDA. With the exception of MDA primarily in trained men, dietary intake did not appear to be correlated to biomarkers of oxidative stress. 
Alkylresorcinols (AR) could be good biomarkers of consumption of fiber-rich cereal products. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between plasma ARs or urinary AR metabolites and cereal fiber intake in women consuming their habitual diet. Twenty-five postmenopausal and 31 premenopausal women were recruited. The subjects included also vegetarians (n = 20) to obtain a broad range of cereal intake. Dietary intake, plasma ARs, and urinary AR metabolites [3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid] were measured. Pearson's and Partial correlation tests were done between dietary fiber intake and plasma ARs or urinary AR metabolites. Cereal fiber intake correlated significantly with plasma AR C17:0 (r = 0.387), AR C19:0 (r = 0.350), AR C21:0 (r = 0.428), AR C23:0 (r = 0.409), AR C25:0 (r = 0.283), and total AR (r = 0.406) and with urinary AR metabolites DHBA (r = 0.359) and DHPPA (r = 0.402) even after adjustment for body mass index and age, which could be confounding variables. This is the first study to show a significant correlation between plasma ARs or urinary AR metabolites and cereal fiber intake during consumption of a habitual diet. These results indicate that assay of plasma ARs or urinary AR metabolites may be used as biomarkers in epidemiologic studies in free-living populations to evaluate the role of cereal fiber intake in various diseases.
BACKGROUND: An adequate intake of 550 mg choline/d was established for the prevention of liver dysfunction in men, as assessed by measuring serum alanine aminotransferase concentrations. OBJECTIVE: This controlled feeding study investigated the influence of choline intakes ranging from 300 to 2200 mg/d on biomarkers of choline status. The effect of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T genotype on choline status was also examined. DESIGN: Mexican American men (n = 60) with different MTHFR C677T genotypes (29 677TT, 31 677CC) consumed a diet providing 300 mg choline/d plus supplemental choline intakes of 0, 250, 800, or 1900 mg/d for total choline intakes of 300, 550, 1100, or 2200 mg/d, respectively, for 12 wk; 400 mug/d as dietary folate equivalents and 173 mg betaine/d were consumed throughout the study. RESULTS: Choline intake affected the response of plasma free choline and betaine (time x choline, P < 0.001); the highest concentrations were observed in the 2200 mg/d group. Phosphatidylcholine (P = 0.026) and total cholesterol (P = 0.002) were also influenced by choline intake; diminished concentrations were observed in the 300 mg/d group. Phosphatidylcholine was modified by MTHFR genotype (P = 0.035; 677TT < 677CC). After a methionine load (100 mg/kg body wt), choline intakes of 1100 and 2200 mg/d attenuated (P = 0.016) the rise in plasma homocysteine, as did the MTHFR 677TT genotype (P < 0.001). Serum alanine aminotransferase was not influenced by the choline intakes administered in this study. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that 550 mg choline/d is sufficient for preventing elevations in serum markers of liver dysfunction in this population under the conditions of this study; higher intakes may be needed to optimize other endpoints. 
BACKGROUND: Blood pressure (BP) responses to the cold pressor test (CPT) and to dietary sodium intake might be related to the risk of hypertension. We examined the association between BP responses to the CPT and to dietary sodium and potassium interventions. METHODS: The CPT and dietary intervention were conducted among 1906 study participants in rural China. The dietary intervention included three 7-day periods of low sodium intake (3 g/d of salt [sodium chloride] [51.3 mmol/d of sodium]), high sodium intake (18 g/d of salt [307.8 mmol/d of sodium]), and high sodium intake plus potassium chloride supplementation (60 mmol/d). A total of 9 BP measurements were obtained during the 3-day baseline observation and the last 3 days of each intervention using a random-zero sphygmomanometer. RESULTS: Blood pressure response to the CPT was significantly associated with BP changes during the sodium and potassium interventions (all P < .001). Compared with the lowest quartile of BP response to the CPT (quartile 1), systolic BP changes (95% confidence intervals) for the quartiles 2, 3, and 4 were -2.02 (-2.87 to -1.16) mm Hg, -3.17 (-4.05 to -2.28) mm Hg, and -5.98 (-6.89 to -5.08) mm Hg, respectively, during the low-sodium intervention. Corresponding systolic BP changes during the high-sodium intervention were 0.40 (-0.36 to 1.16) mm Hg, 0.44 (-0.35 to 1.22) mm Hg, and 2.30 (1.50 to 3.10) mm Hg, respectively, and during the high-sodium plus potassium supplementation intervention were -0.26 (-0.99 to 0.46) mm Hg, -0.95 (-1.70 to -0.20) mm Hg, and -1.59 (-2.36 to -0.83) mm Hg, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that BP response to the CPT was associated with salt sensitivity and potassium sensitivity. Furthermore, a low-sodium or high-potassium diet might be more effective to lower BP among individuals with high responses to the CPT. 
Increasing evidence suggests that reduced adipose tissue mitochondrial content is associated with the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes. These investigations have utilized severely insulin-resistant rodent models. Thus, it is difficult to ascertain the potential mechanisms that initiate these changes and whether reductions in adipose mitochondria are an initiating event in the development of impaired glucose homeostasis. Thus, we sought to determine the time course of high-fat diet-induced reductions of mitochondrial content in epididymal adipose tissue in relation to changes in purported mediators of mitochondrial biogenesis and the development of impaired glucose homeostasis. Male Wistar rats were fed a high-fat diet ( approximately 59% of kcals from fat) for 2, 4, or 6 wk. Six weeks of high-fat feeding resulted in reductions in CORE I, COX IV, cytochrome c, HSP60, relative mtDNA copy number, and PGC-1alpha expression. These changes were not associated with decreases in eNOS and AMPK or increases in markers of oxidative stress. Interestingly, ex vivo treatment of adipose tissue cultures with palmitate led to decreases in PGC-1alpha expression and COX IV and CORE I protein content as observed in vivo. Thus, the high-fat diet-induced reductions in adipose tissue mitochondrial proteins may be mediated by increases in plasma fatty acids. Importantly, reductions in adipose tissue mitochondrial content occurred after the development of impaired glucose homeostasis. Thus, reductions in adipose tissue mitochondrial proteins are most likely not a causal event in the development of impaired glucose homeostasis.
Data regarding convenient, valid methods for measuring U.S. isoflavone intake are limited. We evaluated a soy food questionnaire (SFQ), the Willett food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), and overnight urine samples relative to excretion in 24-h urine samples. We also described intake among women in a high-risk program for breast or ovarian cancer. Between April 2002 and June 2003, 451 women aged 30 to 50 yr with a family history of breast or ovarian cancer completed the SFQ and FFQ. Of them, 27 provided four 24-h and overnight urine specimens. In these women, 24-h sample measures were correlated with SFQ estimates of daidzein (Spearman r = .48) and genistein (r = .54) intake, moderately correlated with the Willett FFQ (daidzein r = .38, genistein r = .33), and strongly correlated with overnight urine excretion (daidzein r = .84, genistein r = 0.93). Among all 451 SFQ respondents, mean (median) daidzein and genistein intakes were 2.8 (0.24) and 3.9 (0.30) mg/day. Primary sources of both were soymilk, soy nuts, and tofu. We conclude that targeted soy food questionnaires, comprehensive FFQs, and multiple overnight urines are all reasonable options for assessing isoflavone intake in epidemiologic studies.
Dark chocolate contains high concentrations of flavonoids and may have antiinflammatory properties. We evaluated the association of dark chocolate intake with serum C-reactive protein (CRP). The Moli-sani Project is an ongoing cohort study of men and women aged >/=35 y randomly recruited from the general population. By July 2007, 10,994 subjects had been enrolled. Of 4849 subjects apparently free of any chronic disease, 1317 subjects who declared having eaten any chocolate during the past year (mean age 53 +/- 12 y; 51% men) and 824 subjects who ate chocolate regularly in the form of dark chocolate only (50 +/- 10 y; 55% men) were selected. High sensitivity-CRP was measured by an immunoturbidimetric method. The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition FFQ was used to evaluate nutritional intake. After adjustment for age, sex, social status, physical activity, systolic blood pressure, BMI, waist:hip ratio, food groups, and total energy intake, dark chocolate consumption was inversely associated with CRP (P = 0.038). When adjusted for nutrient intake, analyses showed similar results (P = 0.016). Serum CRP concentrations [geometric mean (95% CI)] univariate concentrations were 1.32 (1.26-1.39 mg/L) in nonconsumers and 1.10 (1.03-1.17 mg/L) in consumers (P < 0.0001). A J-shaped relationship between dark chocolate consumption and serum CRP was observed; consumers of up to 1 serving (20 g) of dark chocolate every 3 d had serum CRP concentrations that were significantly lower than nonconsumers or higher consumers. Our findings suggest that regular consumption of small doses of dark chocolate may reduce inflammation.
MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short non-coding RNA that post-transcriptionally regulates gene expression. miR-143 has been proposed to play a role in the differentiation of adipocytes in culture. However, the mechanism regulating the expression of miR-143 in adult adipose tissue during the development of obesity in vivo is unknown. Here in, we showed that the expression of miR-143 in the mesenteric fat was up-regulated in mice fed a high-fat diet. Increased miR-143 expression was associated with an elevated body weight and mesenteric fat weight. Furthermore, miR-143 levels were closely correlated with expression levels of adipocyte differentiation markers such as PPARgamma and aP2 as well as plasma levels of leptin, one of the important adipocytokines involved in insulin resistance. These findings provide the first evidence for the up-regulated expression of miR-143 in the mesenteric fat of high-fat diet-induced obese mice, which might contribute to the regulated expression of adipocyte genes involved in the pathophysiology of obesity.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between Zn nutritive status and biochemical markers of bone turnover in type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Serum osteocalcin, urine N-telopeptides, and dietary intake data, obtained by 3-day food records, were assessed for 66 individuals with type 1 diabetes. RESULTS: Zn intake correlated with osteocalcin in the group overall (r = 0.48; P < 0.001) but not with N-telopeptides. Examined by sex, both Zn and osteocalcin correlated for men (r = 0.57; P < 0.001), but the correlation did not reach statistical significance for women (r = 0.34; P = 0.09). A direct-entry linear regression model with osteocalcin as the dependent variable was performed. Duration, sex, A1C, insulin use per kilogram, total calorie intake, and Zn intake were entered as potential independent variables. The model was statistically significant (R(2) = 0.32; P < 0.01). Zn intake (P < 0.001), however, was the only independent correlate of osteocalcin. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence of a positive relationship between Zn intake and osteocalcin in type 1 diabetes. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: This study was performed to confirm the cross-sectional and longitudinal construct validity of the Saint George's Respiratory Questionnaire (SGRQ) for the measurement of health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in patients with IPF. METHODS: Sixty-eight patients with IPF responded to the SGRQ and pulmonary function tests (PFT), dyspnoea testing, arterial blood gas analysis, 6-min walk tests (6MWT) and high-resolution computed tomography were performed in a baseline study. A follow-up study was performed on 45 of these patients. RESULTS: In the baseline study HRQoL as measured by the SGRQ was substantially impaired in IPF patients, especially in symptoms and activity domains. A significant decline in HRQoL was observed in the activity domain during follow up. TLC and changes in TLC showed the most significant inverse correlations with each SGRQ domain (r < -0.3, P < 0.05). In a stepwise multiple regression analysis, TLC contributed most significantly to each SGRQ component baseline score. Similar results were also observed during follow up. There was a significant correlation between total CT scores and each component of the SGRQ (r > 0.3, P < or = 0.001). Changes in ground-glass opacity on CT (CT-alv) were also correlated with changes in each SGRQ domain (r > 0.3, P < or = 0.001). Stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that interstitial opacity on CT (CT-fib) contributed to variation in the baseline activity score, and that changes in CT-alv independently contributed to overall changes in the SGRQ domains during follow up. The dyspnoea score, and changes in the dyspnoea score, correlated significantly with the SGRQ sores, with the exception of the symptoms score, in both the baseline and follow-up studies. CONCLUSIONS: HRQoL as assessed by the SGRQ showed good cross-sectional and longitudinal construct validity in patients with IPF. However, additional studies are required to analyse the reliability and responsiveness so that the SGRQ can be used in patients with IPF. 
BACKGROUND: Serum gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) and erythrocyte mean corpuscular volume (MCV) are well-known biological markers of excessive ethanol consumption. METHODS: The beverage-specific effects of ethanol consumption on GGT level and MCV value were analyzed cross-sectionally and retrospectively among middle-aged Japanese men who underwent a retirement health checkup (n = 974). RESULTS: Both the consumption of distilled alcohol and that of fermented alcohol positively correlated with the logarithm of GGT [standard regression coefficient (beta) 0.261 and 0.174, respectively]. The prevalence rate of elevated GGT levels > or = 70 IU/L) was higher among heavy drinkers of distilled alcohol than among heavy drinkers of fermented alcohol (38.8% vs. 27.6%, p = 0.013). The MCV value correlated with distilled alcohol consumption (beta: 0.212, p < 0.0001) but not with fermented alcohol consumption (beta: 0.043, not significant). The prevalence rate of an elevated MCV (> or = 97 fL) was higher among heavy drinkers of distilled alcohol than among heavy drinkers of fermented alcohol (35.3% vs. 16.8%, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that MCV is less sensitive for detecting heavy consumption of fermented alcohol than for detecting that of distilled alcohol in apparently healthy middle-aged men. 
BACKGROUND: The acid-ash diet hypothesis of osteoporosis suggests that acid from the modern diet causes a demineralization of the skeleton, and mobilized bone calcium is excreted. A systematic approach has not been used to summarize the findings of the numerous studies about the hypothesis. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this meta-analysis was to estimate the quantity of net acid excretion and calciuria associated with the modern diet, to assess the association between acid excretion and calcium excretion, and to assess the influence of urine preservatives on calcium measurement. DESIGN: We systematically searched for trials of the acid-ash hypothesis and conducted a meta-analysis. RESULTS: Twenty-five of 105 studies met the inclusion criteria. The estimated quantity of net acid excretion from the weighted average of the control diets from 11 studies was 47 mEq/d. The increase in urinary calcium with a change in renal net acid excretion depended on whether the urine was acidic or alkaline (P < 0.001). A significant linear relation was observed between net acid excretion and calcium excretion for both acidic and alkaline urine (P < 0.001). The estimated change in urine calcium associated with a change of 47 mEq of net acid excretion in acidic urine was 1.6 mmol/d (66 mg/d) of calcium. CONCLUSION: Evidence suggests a linear association between changes in calcium excretion in response to experimental changes in net acid excretion. However, this finding is not evidence that the source of the excreted calcium is bone or that this calciuria contributes to the development of osteoporosis. 
BACKGROUND: Usual coffee consumption may decrease insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes incidence, and reduce cardiovascular disease risk. As a mechanism, coffee-induced lower levels of C-reactive protein (CRP), a marker for the development of these diseases, can be considered. The associations between coffee consumption and CRP should be established by studies on various populations, yet studies in Japanese people, who do not necessarily consume as much coffee daily, are limited. METHODS: In total, 459 community-living Japanese women, aged 23-83 years, were investigated. Clinical data including age, body mass index, blood pressure, HbA(1c), serum high sensitive CRP (hsCRP) and lifestyle habits, such as coffee consumption, were included in the analyses. All analyses were performed in two groups of the population, i.e., age < 60 and > or = 60 years. RESULTS: Significantly lower levels of hsCRP were observed in the group of > or = 1 cup/day than in that of < 1 cup/day in the respective groups of < 60 years (p = 0.001) and > or = 60 years (p < 0.0001). In multiple regression analysis, coffee consumption was significantly, independently and inversely correlated to log-hsCRP in the respective groups of < 60 years (p = 0.017) and > or = 60 years (p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: It was noteworthy that the benefits of coffee consumption, even if > or = 1 cup/day, on serum hsCRP levels were confirmed in Japanese women, following similarly to other ethnic data. 
BACKGROUND: Epidemiological studies have shown positive findings associated with legume consumption and measures of cardiovascular disease and obesity. However, few observational trials have examined beans as a separate food variable when determining associations with health parameters. OBJECTIVE: To determine the association of consuming beans on nutrient intakes and physiological parameters using the National Health and Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2002. METHODS: Using data from NHANES 1999-2002, a secondary analysis was completed with a reliable 24-hour dietary recall where three groups of bean consumers were identified (N = 1,475). We determined mean nutrient intakes and physiological values between bean consumers and non-consumers. Least square means, standard errors and ANOVA were calculated using appropriate sample weights following adjustment for age, gender, ethnicity and energy. RESULTS: Relative to non-consumers, bean consumers had higher intakes of dietary fiber, potassium, magnesium, iron, and copper (p's < 0.05). Those consuming beans had a lower body weight (p = 0.008) and a smaller waist size (p = 0.043) relative to non-consumers. Additionally, consumers of beans had a 23% reduced risk of increased waist size (p = 0.018) and a 22% reduced risk of being obese (p = 0.026). Also, baked bean consumption was associated with a lower systolic blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: Bean consumers had better overall nutrient intake levels, better body weights and waist circumferences, and lower systolic blood pressure in comparison to non-consumers. These data support the benefits of bean consumption on improving nutrient intake and health parameters. 
CONTEXT: Bone has recently been described as exhibiting properties of an endocrine organ by producing osteocalcin that increases insulin sensitivity and secretion in animal models. OBJECTIVE AND DESIGN: We aimed to evaluate circulating osteocalcin in association with insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion in three different studies in nondiabetic subjects: one cross-sectional study in 149 men (using minimal model), and two longitudinal studies in two independent groups (one formed by 26 women, and the other by 9 men and 11 women), after a mean of 7.3 and 16.8% weight loss, and after a mean of 8.7% weight loss plus regular exercise. RESULTS: In the cross-sectional study, circulating osteocalcin was associated with insulin sensitivity, mainly in lean subjects, and with insulin secretion (only in lean subjects). A mean of 16.8%, but not 7.3% weight loss, led to significant increases in circulating osteocalcin. However, a mean of 8.7% weight loss plus regular exercise led to the more pronounced effects on the serum osteocalcin concentration, which increased in parallel to reduced visceral fat mass, unchanged thigh muscle mass, and increased leg strength and force. The postintervention serum levels of osteocalcin were associated with both insulin sensitivity (r = 0.49; P = 0.03) and fasting triglycerides (r = -0.54; P = 0.01). The change in visceral fat was the parameter that best predicted the change in serum osteocalcin, once age, body mass index, and insulin sensitivity changes were controlled for (P = 0.002). CONCLUSION: Circulating osteocalcin could mediate the role of bone as an endocrine organ in humans. 
OBJECTIVE: Acrylamide, a probable human carcinogen, is formed during high-heat cooking of many common foods. The validity of food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) measures of acrylamide intake has not been established. We assessed the validity of acrylamide intake calculated from an FFQ using a biomarker of acrylamide exposure. METHODS: We calculated acrylamide intake from an FFQ in the Nurses' Health Study II. We measured hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and its metabolite, glycidamide, in a random sample of 342 women. Correlation and regression analyses were used to assess the relationship between acrylamide intakes and adducts. RESULTS: The correlation between acrylamide intake and the sum of acrylamide and glycidamide adducts was 0.31 (95% CI: 0.20-0.41), adjusted for laboratory batch, energy intake, and age. Further adjustment for BMI, alcohol intake, and correction for random within-person measurement error in adducts gave a correlation of 0.34 (CI: 0.23-0.45). The intraclass correlation coefficient for the sum of adducts was 0.77 in blood samples collected 1-3 years apart in a subset of 45 women. Intake of several foods significantly predicted adducts in multiple regression. CONCLUSIONS: Acrylamide intake and hemoglobin adducts of acrylamide and glycidamide were moderately correlated. Within-person consistency in adducts was high over time. 
Levels of plasma cholesterol, particularly LDL cholesterol, increase with increasing age in humans and rodents. Feeding a fish oil-rich diet may exert hypocholesterolemic effects. The aim of this work was to examine the effects of a life-long administration of a PUFA-enriched diet and of a PUFA-deficient diet in male Sprague-Dawley rats on the age-associated increases in plasma cholesterol and triglycerides. Diet had small effects on body-weight, and had dramatic effects on liver phospholipids-fatty acids. Surprisingly, both diets counteracted the age-associated changes in plasma cholesterol and triglycerides similarly and benefits were already visible in adult rats.
OBJECTIVE: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is a common condition that can progress to endstage liver disease. The steatotic liver seems to be particularly susceptible to oxidative stress damage. The aim of this study was to evaluate the redox state in patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and its correlation with dietary intake. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Plasma concentrations of 4-hydroxynonenal (4-HNE), 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), reduced and oxidized glutathione (GSH and GSSG), vitamins A and E, total antioxidant status (TAS), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and reductase (GSH-Red) erythrocyte activities were compared between 43 NASH patients and 33 healthy controls. 4-HNE, GSH-Px, GSH-Red and TAS were evaluated by spectrophotometry, 8-OHdG by ELISA assay, GSH and GSSG by fluorimetric assay and vitamins A and E by high performance liquid chromatography. Dietary habits were also evaluated in these patients. RESULTS: GSH levels (21.1 +/- 18.3 versus 33.1 +/- 22.2 microM, p = 0.01) and GSH/GSSG ratio (0.9 +/- 0.7 versus 1.5 +/- 0.8, p = 0.01) were lower and TAS (832 +/- 146 versus 630 +/-140 microM, p < 0.001) and vitamin E (47.1 +/- 14.9 versus 34.5 +/- 7.3 microM, p < 0.001) were higher in NASH patients, although there was no difference in GSH-Px and GSH-Red activities, 8-OHdG and 4-HNE levels between groups. After adjusting for total energy consumption, a negative correlation was found with total and saturated fat intake and GSH/GSSG ratio, and a positive correlation with carbohydrates, fiber, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), specifically N-3 PUFA, and vitamins E, C, selenium and folate. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest an impaired glutathione metabolism towards an oxidant status in NASH patients, correlating with a higher intake of saturated fat and a lower intake of carbohydrates. Plasmatic concentrations of oxidative stress cellular markers did not translate to hepatic oxidative damage. 
PURPOSE: The 30-item Qualiveen is a specific health related quality of life questionnaire for urinary disorders in patients with neurological conditions, such as multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Previous studies have demonstrated the reliability, validity and responsiveness of Qualiveen. However, to address the needs of large clinical trials and long-term monitoring, in which efficiency may compete with precision of measurement, we developed the 8-item self-administered SF-Qualiveen. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 180 English speaking and French speaking outpatients with multiple sclerosis at multiple sclerosis clinics and departments of rehabilitation in Canada and France completed the entire Qualiveen, the Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life-54 questionnaire or its French version (SEP-59) as well as urinary function assessments at study enrollment and 2 to 10 weeks later. At visit 2 patients also made global ratings of change in urinary health related quality of life. SF-Qualiveen development and testing used this data set. RESULTS: Correlations of SF-Qualiveen with its original form were high (r = 0.70 to 0.92). SF-Qualiveen proved reliable (ICC 0.83 to 0.93). Its responsiveness was similar to that of the long form (SRM 0.75 to 1.62). Correlations with other measures were consistent with our a priori predictions (weighted kappa 0.55 for cross-sectional correlations and 0.66 for correlations of change), supporting the cross-sectional and longitudinal construct validity of SF-Qualiveen. CONCLUSIONS: SF-Qualiveen has excellent measurement properties, similar to those of the long form. The new instrument is likely to perform well in the clinical and research context. 
OBJECTIVE: To measure the association between alcohol intake and 11 hormones and peptides in postmenopausal breast cancer survivors and to evaluate whether this association differs by tamoxifen use. METHODS: Self-reported alcohol intake was assessed via food frequency questionnaire on average 30 months post-breast cancer diagnosis in 490 postmenopausal women from three western states. Concurrently, a fasting blood sample was obtained for assay of estrone, estradiol, free estradiol, testosterone, free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), leptin, C-peptide, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), and IGF-binding protein-3. Adjusted means of these hormones and peptides were calculated for categories of alcohol intake, overall and stratified by tamoxifen use. RESULTS: The association between alcohol intake and serum hormone and peptide levels differed by tamoxifen use. We found statistically significant inverse associations between alcohol intake and both leptin and SHBG values but only among tamoxifen users. In women not using tamoxifen, we found a positive association between alcohol intake and DHEAS but no association in tamoxifen users. CONCLUSION: Tamoxifen may modify the association between alcohol intake and serum hormones and peptides. The significant associations found for DHEAS and SHBG are in a direction considered unfavorable for breast cancer prognosis. Postmenopausal breast cancer survivors may benefit from decreasing their alcohol intake. 
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the associations between serum complement factor 3 (C3) and several anthropometrical, biochemical and lifestyle features in healthy young adults, emphasizing on the putative effect of selenium intake on C3 concentrations. METHODS: This study enrolled 100 healthy young adults aged 18-34 years. Anthropometric and blood pressure measurements and lifestyle features were analyzed. Fasting blood samples were collected for the measurement of glucose, total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols and C3 concentrations. Nail samples were collected for the analysis of selenium concentrations. RESULTS: Values of BMI (P=0.034), sum of skinfold thicknesses (STs) (P=0.021), body fat mass (BFM) (P=0.023), percentage of overweight subjects (P=0.007), serum triacylglycerols (P=0.012) and nail selenium (P=0.001) were significantly different between subjects above and below the median of serum C3 concentrations. The following correlations with serum C3 were identified tricipital ST (P=0.033), sum of STs (P=0.012), BMI (P=0.008), BFM (P=0.018), waist-to-height ratio (P=0.016), serum glucose (P=0.045), serum triacylglycerols (P=0.001) and nail selenium (P=0.006). Circulating C3 showed a positive association with several adiposity markers such as BMI (P=0.001), waist circumference (P=0.006), waist-to-height ratio (P=0.002), BFM (P=0.025), as well as serum glucose (P=0.027) and triacylglycerols (P<0.001), whereas nail selenium was a statistically significant negative predictor of C3 concentrations (P=0.018). CONCLUSIONS: C3 seems to be related with selenium status and several anthropometrical and biochemical measurements linked to metabolic syndrome in apparently healthy young adults. These findings suggest a possible role for selenium intake in the modulation of C3, whose assessment may be an early marker of metabolic syndrome manifestations. 
BACKGROUND: Fish consumption has been shown to be inversely associated with CHD, which may be due to n-3 fatty acids. The n-3 fatty acids, EPA and DHA, are naturally found only in marine sources. Dietary intakes of methylmercury from certain fish have been hypothesized to increase the risk of CHD. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between 30 d fish frequency consumption (assessed by FFQ), total blood Hg concentrations and risk markers of CHD in women aged 16-49 years participating in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2002. DESIGN: Multiple linear regression analyses were used to test (i) the relationships between 30 d fish frequency consumption and five CHD risk markers, i.e. HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, TAG and C-reactive protein (CRP); and (ii) if total blood Hg attenuated any associations between fish consumption and CHD risk markers in non-pregnant, non-diabetic females aged 16-49 years. RESULTS: Total 30 d fish frequency consumption was negatively associated with CRP (b = -0.10, 95 % CI -0.19, -0.02, P = 0.015) and positively associated with HDL-C (b = 1.40, 95 % CI 0.31, 2.50, P = 0.014). Adjustment for other risk factors did not significantly attenuate the associations. Despite the collinearity between fish and Hg, there is a protective association between fish intake and CHD risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: The levels of DHA + EPA and other nutrients in fish may be adequate to offset the hypothesized risks of heart disease related to ingesting Hg from fish. 
OBJECTIVES: Mercury and most of its compounds are extremely toxic and should be handled with care. It can be inhaled and absorbed through the skin and mucous membranes. The most toxic forms of mercury are its organic compounds such as dimethylmercury and methylmercury. Fish have a natural tendency to accumulate mercury. Methylmercury is produced by microbial methylation of inorganic mercury in water sediment then it infiltrates the food chain and it consequently accumulates in fish. Fish are the main source of methylmercury in human food. Mercury is transferred into a hair; and this can be than used to monitor the long-term exposure to mercury. The content of mercury in hair depends on the frequency of fish consumption. The aim of our study was to compare mercury content in the hair of children that had various amounts of fish consumption (increased or reduced). DESIGN: Total mercury content in hair was determined by direct method of cold vapors using an AMA 245 analyzer. A total of 174 hair samples from the children (9-17 years old) were analyzed. In this study, the following localities were compared: Neratovice (n=42), Jesenky (n=44), Prague (n=59) in Czech Republic and Olsztyn in Poland (n=29). Every sample was accompanied with questionnaire about age, gender, regions, amalgam fillings and fish consumption. RESULTS: We did not find a correlation between the content of mercury in hair with age, gender or amalgam fillings. We did find a correlation between fish consumption and the amount of mercury found in the hair samples. CONCLUSION: The amount of mercury in hair increases with more frequent consumption of freshwater and marine fish. 
Head and neck cancers are causally related to alcohol consumption, but the underlying mechanisms are unclear. Ethanol is metabolized to acetaldehyde, an experimental carcinogen. Quantitation of the major DNA adduct of acetaldehyde, N2-ethylidenedeoxyguanosine, in human tissues could help to elucidate the mechanism of alcohol carcinogenicity. We applied a quantitative method for the analysis of this adduct, measured as the NaBH3CN reduction product N2-ethyldeoxyguanosine (N2-ethyl-dGuo) by liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-tandem mass spectrometry-selected reaction monitoring, on DNA (0.04 +/- 0.03 mg) isolated from blood collected from control subjects recruited from two studies conducted in different areas of Europe between 1999 and 2005. The group selected from the first study (n = 127) included alcohol drinkers and abstainers while the group from the second study (n = 50) included only heavy drinkers. N2-ethyl-dGuo was detected in all DNA samples. After adjusting for potential confounders, in the first study, drinkers showed a higher level of N2-ethyl-dGuo (5,270 +/- 8,770 fmol/micromol dGuo) compared with nondrinkers (2,690 +/- 3040 fmol/micromol dGuo; P = 0.04). A significant trend according to dose was observed in both studies (P = 0.02 and 0.04, respectively). Taking into account the amount of alcohol consumption, adduct levels were higher in younger compared with older subjects (P = 0.01), whereas no differences were observed comparing men with women. These results show the feasibility of quantifying N2-ethyl-dGuo in small-volume blood samples and are consistent with the hypothesis that ethanol contributes to carcinogenesis through DNA adducts formation.
The effect of water-soluble chitosan, a natural polymer derived from chitin, on indices of oxidative stress was investigated in normal volunteers. Treatment with chitosan for 4 weeks produced a significant decrease in levels of plasma glucose, atherogenic index and led to increase in high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL). Chitosan treatment also lowered the ratio of oxidized to reduced albumin and increased total plasma antioxidant activity (TPA). There was good correlation between TPA and oxidized albumin ratio. The results indicate that oxidized albumin ratio represents a potentially useful marker of oxidative stress. In in vitro studies, albumin carbonyls and hydroperoxides were significantly decreased in a time-dependent manner in the presence of chitosan, compared with controls (p<0.05). Chitosan also reduced two stable radicals in a dose- and time-dependent manner. The results suggest that chitosan has a direct antioxidant activity in systemic circulation by lowering the indices of oxidative stress in both in vitro and in vivo studies. This may confer benefits additional to the reduction in plasma carbohydrate and increase in HDL levels. It may also inhibit oxidation of serum albumin commonly observed in patients undergoing hemodialysis, resulting in reduction of oxidative stress associated with uremia.
OBJECTIVE: To determine dietary intake and bone related chemistry of osteoporosis and their correlations in postmenopausal Iranian women. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was carried out on 58 healthy Iranian, postmenopausal women from January 2005 until August 2006, at Sina Hospital, Tabriz, Iran. Serum calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, and alkaline phosphatase were measured using auto analyzer and parathyroid hormone (PTH) by immune radio metric assay. Dietary intake was assessed by 3-day dietary record. Bone mineral density (BMD) was assessed by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) at the lumbar spine and left femur. Comparison between means of the groups was carried out using one-way analysis of variance test. To examine the correlation between dietary factors and bone related chemistry markers, multiple and linear regression was used. RESULTS: According to the results of lumbar spine BMD, women (n=58) were classified into 3 groups: normal (n=18), osteopenia (n=22), and osteoporosis (n=18). The mean serum calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, and alkaline phosphatase in 3 groups were in the normal range. Serum PTH in the osteoporosis group was higher than other groups. The mean dietary calcium intake in the osteoporosis groups was significantly lower than the normal group (p=0.01). The results of analyzing by linear regression, showed a significant correlation between calcium intake and PTH (r = -0.61, p = 0.0001, B = -0.032). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that postmenopausal women need to be educated regarding osteoporosis and the related preventive measures, such as the effect of nutrients on bone health, and the adequate intake of dairy products and calcium rich-foods. 
This study investigated the status of arsenic (As) exposure from groundwater and rice, and its methylation capacity in residents from the Red River Delta, Vietnam. Arsenic levels in groundwater ranged from <1.8 to 486 microg/L. Remarkably, 86% of groundwater samples exceeded WHO drinking water guideline of 10 microg/L. Also, estimated inorganic As intake from groundwater and rice were over Provisional Tolerable Weekly Intake (15 microg/week/kg body wt.) by FAO/WHO for 92% of the residents examined. Inorganic As and its metabolite (monomethylarsonic acid and dimethylarsinic acid) concentrations in human urine were positively correlated with estimated inorganic As intake. These results suggest that residents in these areas are exposed to As through consumption of groundwater and rice, and potential health risk of As is of great concern for these people. Urinary concentration ratios of dimethylarsinic acid to monomethylarsonic acid in children were higher than those in adults, especially among men, indicating greater As methylation capacity in children.
A perennial schrub, stevia, and its extracts are used as a natural sweetener and have been shown to possess antimicrobial properties. Stevia contains high levels of sweetening glycosides including stevioside which is thought to possess antimicrobial and antifungal properties. Little is known about the nutritional value of the schrub in livestock. This study determined the potential use of the shrub as a prebiotic animal feed supplement in light of the recent ban on the use of antibiotics in animal feed and the role of its constituent stevioside in the effects of the shrub. Male Cobb broiler chicks were fed a basal broiler diet without antibiotic but with performance enhancing enzyme mix (positive control), a basal diet without antibiotic and enzymes (negative control), or diets in which 2% of the negative control diet was replaced with either dried ground stevia leaves or 130 ppm pure stevioside during 2 week starter and 2 week grower periods. Body weight gains, feed conversion, abdominal fat deposition, plasma hormone and metabolites and caecal short chain fatty acids (SCFA) were measured in the broilers at 2 and 4 weeks of age. There was no significant effect of the treatments on feed intake during the starter period but birds fed diet supplemented with stevia leaves and stevioside consumed more feed (p < 0.05) than those fed the positive control diet during the grower period. Weight gain by birds fed the positive control and stevioside diets was higher (p < 0.05) than those fed other diets only during the starter period. Feed/gain ratio of birds fed the positive control and stevioside diets was superior (p < 0.05) to others. There was no effect of the treatments on nutrient retention and water content of the excreta. Dietary stevia leave and stevioside decreased total concentration of SCFA and changed their profile in the ceca. There was no effect of the treatments on pancreas weight. Dietary stevia reduced blood levels of glucose, triglycerides and triiodothyronine (T(3)) but had no effect on non-esterified fatty acids. In contrast, stevioside only decreased T(3). Both the stevia leaves and stevioside diets significantly increased abdominal fat content. It is concluded that dietary enzyme growth promoters are beneficial to the broilers only during the starter stage and that inclusion of stevia leaves or stevioside has no beneficial effect on the performance of broilers.
OBJECTIVE: All previous studies on monetary diet cost have examined the relationship of monetary cost of self-reported diet to self-reported, rather than biomarker-based, estimates of dietary intake. The present cross-sectional study examined the association between monetary costs of self-reported diet and biomarker-based estimates of nutrient intake. DESIGN: Monetary diet cost (Japanese yen/1000 kJ) was calculated based on dietary intake information from a self-administered, comprehensive diet history questionnaire using retail food prices. Biomarker-based estimates of nutrient intake (percentage of energy for protein and mg/1000 kJ for K and Na) were estimated based on 24 h urinary excretion and estimated energy expenditure. SETTING: A total of fifteen universities and colleges in Japan. SUBJECTS: A total of 1046 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18-22 years. RESULTS: Total monetary diet cost showed a significant positive association with biomarker-based estimates of protein, K and Na. Vegetables and fish were not only the main contributors to total monetary diet cost (16.4 % and 15.5 %, respectively) but also were relatively strongly correlated with total monetary diet cost (Pearson's correlation coefficient: 0.70 and 0.68, respectively). Monetary cost of vegetables was significantly positively associated with all three nutrients, while that of fish showed a significant and positive association only with protein. CONCLUSIONS: Total monetary cost of self-reported diet was positively associated with biomarker-based estimates of protein, K and Na intake in young Japanese women, and appeared mainly to be explained by the monetary costs of vegetables and fish. 
The objective of this study is to develop a validated, patient-oriented questionnaire to assess urgency and associated life impact. We interviewed six urogynecologists and urologists and five patients with overactive bladder (OAB) symptoms about urinary urgency. Based on this data, we composed the first draft of our Urgency Severity and Impact Questionnaire (USIQ). A focus group of OAB patients provided feedback on the USIQ draft. The revised questionnaire has two parts: symptom severity (USIQ-S) and related quality of life (USIQ-QOL). The questionnaire was given to patients with clinically diagnosed OAB to establish face, content and discriminatory validity. Cronbach's alpha for the USIQ-S and USIQ-QOL were 0.85 and 0.90, respectively. USIQ-QOL was moderately correlated with UDI-6 (r = 0.49, p < 0.001), IIQ-7 (r = 0.77, p < 0.001), and OAB-q (r = 0.73, p < 0.001). Mean USIQ-QOL and USIQ-S scores differed by clinical diagnosis. The USIQ is an easily understood questionnaire with adequate validity for use in clinical practice and research.
The spontaneous formation of the neurotoxic carcinogen acrylamide in a wide range of cooked foods has recently been discovered, leading to dietary exposure estimates of 30.8 microg of acrylamide day(-1) for an average 77 kg human male. This is considerably higher than the European legal limit of acrylamide in drinking water, which is approximately 0.2 microg of acrylamide person(-1) day(-1). A recent study of 62,573 women over 11.3 years has observed an increased risk of postmenopausal endometrial and ovarian cancer (but not breast cancer) with increasing dietary acrylamide intake, demonstrating significant risk to human health. As individual acrylamide exposure is affected by dietary habits, cooking methods, and cigarette consumption; accurate extrapolation from estimated dietary exposure is extremely difficult. Quantifying biomarkers of acrylamide exposure therefore remains the most effective means of rapidly determining individual exposure to acrylamide, and correlating exposure with lifestyle choices. Current methodologies for the analysis of blood biomarkers of acrylamide are focused on expensive, slower chromatographic techniques such as GC and LC coupled to mass spectrometry. This paper describes the first successful development of two monoclonal antibodies specific to acrylamide-adducted haemoglobin (IC(50) of 94 ng ml(-1) and 198 ng ml(-1)), that are suitable for use in a high-throughput biomarker immunoassay to determine individual acrylamide exposure. Further development of acrylamide-haemoglobin standards with defined levels of acrylamide adduction will enable a fully quantitative assay, and allow sensitivity comparisons with alternative chromatographic methods of analysis.
AIMS: Valid and reliable questionnaires must be used to accurately assess patients' satisfaction with overactive bladder (OAB) treatment. This study evaluated the reliability and validity of the OAB Satisfaction with Treatment Questionnaire (OAB-SAT-q). METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of clinical study data of patients randomized to darifenacin or darifenacin plus Behavioral Modification Program. Patients completed the Overactive Bladder Questionnaire (OAB-q) and a 3-day bladder diary at Baseline and Week 12 and the OAB-SAT-q at Week 12. Internal consistency reliability was assessed by Cronbach's alpha. Concurrent validity was assessed through correlations with OAB-q change scores and adverse events (AEs). Discriminant validity was assessed among subgroups using general linear models. RESULTS: Analyses utilized a per-protocol population (completion of OAB-q at Baseline and OAB-q and OAB-SAT-q at Week 12) (n = 375). Exploratory factor analysis of the OAB-SAT-q revealed three 3-item subscales (Satisfaction, Side Effects, Endorsement) and two single items (Convenience, Preference). Cronbach's alphas = 0.84-0.95. Subscale-to-subscale correlations = 0.10-0.67 (all P < 0.01 except Side Effects and Convenience). The Side Effects subscale significantly correlated with number of treatment-related AEs (r = 0.27; P < 0.01) and discriminated between patients with/without dry mouth and patients with/without constipation. The Satisfaction and Endorsement subscales discriminated between patients who worsened or had no change in micturition frequency and urinary urgency and patients who had a reduction of >3 episodes (all P < 0.001). The OAB-SAT-q does not appear to discriminate by incontinence episodes. CONCLUSION: The OAB-SAT-q demonstrated good psychometric properties in this initial evaluation-including internal consistency reliability and concurrent and discriminant validity-and appears to be a useful assessment of OAB treatment satisfaction. Neurourol. Urodynam. 28:416-422, 2009. (c) 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc. 
Studies reported the effects of polyphenols but not for grape polyphenols towards obesity. We analysed the effects of a polyphenolic grape seed extract (GSE) on obesity and oxidative stress in hamsters receiving a high-fat diet (HFD). Three groups of hamsters received a standard diet (STD), or a HFD plus a daily gavage with water (Control, HFD) or a solution of GSE (HFD + GSE) for 12 wk. Plasma glucose, triglycerides (TG), insulin, leptin and adiponectin were measured. Oxidative stress was assessed by cardiac production of superoxide anion and NAD(P)H oxidase expression. After 12 wk, HFD increased abdominal fat as compared with standards. GSE avoided this feature. HFD led to higher plasma glucose, TG, insulin and greater insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) values. GSE prevented in part these effects, reducing insulinemia and leptinemia by 16.5 and 45%, respectively, whereas adiponectin level increased by 61% compared with obese controls. GSE lowered glycemia and HOMA-IR and strongly prevented cardiac production of superoxide by 74% and NAD(P)H oxidase expression by 30%. This is the first time that chronic consumption of grape phenolics is shown to reduce obesity development and related metabolic pathways including adipokine secretion and oxidative stress.
AIMS: The reduction of habitual alcohol drinking is recommended for the prevention of hypertension. Daily or weekly alcohol consumption, which is used for evaluation of the effects of alcohol drinking on blood pressure, is usually not corrected by body weight. In this study, the influence of body weight on the relationship between alcohol intake and blood pressure was investigated. METHODS: The subjects (27,005 healthy men at ages of 35-54 years) were divided into four groups by average daily ethanol intake [non-, light (<15 g per day), moderate (>or=15 and <30 g per day) and heavy (>or=30 g per day) drinkers]. The subjects were also divided into four quartile groups by body weight. RESULTS: Alcohol intake and the percentage of drinkers were not different in the four quartile groups of body weight. In the first and second quartiles of body weight, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were significantly higher in moderate and heavy drinkers than in non-drinkers, while systolic and diastolic blood pressures in the fourth quartile of body weight were significantly higher in heavy drinkers than in non-drinkers but were not significantly different in moderate drinkers and non-drinkers. The differences in systolic or diastolic blood pressure between non-drinkers and moderate drinkers and between non-drinkers and heavy drinkers became greater as body weight decreased. These results were not altered when age and smoking history were adjusted. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that body weight modifies the relationship between alcohol consumption and blood pressure and thus should be taken into account when effects of alcohol on blood pressure are considered. 
BACKGROUND: Alkylresorcinols (ARs), phenolic lipids almost exclusively present in the outer parts of wheat and rye grains in commonly consumed foods, have been proposed as specific dietary biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intakes. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the dose response of plasma ARs and the excretion of 2 recently discovered AR metabolites in 24-h urine samples in relation to AR intake and to establish a pharmacokinetic model for predicting plasma AR concentration. DESIGN: Sixteen subjects were given rye bran flakes containing 11, 22, or 44 mg total ARs 3 times daily during week-long intervention periods separated by 1-wk washout periods in a nonblinded randomized crossover design. Blood samples were collected at baseline, after the 1-wk run-in period, and after each treatment and washout period. Two 24-h urine samples were collected at baseline and after each treatment period. RESULTS: Plasma AR concentrations and daily excretion of 2 urinary AR metabolites increased with increasing AR dose (P < 0.001). Recovery of urinary metabolites in 24-h samples decreased with increasing doses from approximately 90% to approximately 45% in the range tested. A one-compartment model with 2 absorption compartments with different lag times and absorption rate constants adequately predicted plasma AR concentrations at the end of each intervention period. CONCLUSION: Both plasma AR concentrations and urinary metabolites in 24-h samples showed a dose-response relation to increased AR intake, which strongly supports the hypothesis that ARs and their metabolites may be useful as biomarkers of whole-grain wheat and rye intakes. 
Inflammation is involved in cardiovascular diseases. Some studies have found that the Mediterranean diet (MD) can reduce serum concentrations of inflammation markers. However, none of these studies have analyzed the influence of genetic variability in such a response. Our objective was to study the effect of the -765G>C polymorphism in the cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) gene and the -174G>C polymorphism in the interleukin-6 (IL-6) gene on serum concentrations of IL-6, C-reactive protein, intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 as well as their influence on the response to a nutritional intervention with MD. An intervention study in a high cardiovascular risk Mediterranean population (314 men and 407 women) was undertaken. Participants were randomly assigned to consume a low-fat control diet or a MD supplemented with virgin olive oil or nuts. Measures were obtained at baseline and after a 3-mo intervention period. At baseline, the COX-2 -765G>C polymorphism was associated with lower serum IL-6 (5.85 +/- 4.82 in GG vs. 4.74 +/- 4.14 ng/L in C-allele carriers; P = 0.002) and ICAM-1 (265.8 +/- 114.8 in GG vs. 243.0 +/- 107.1 microg/L in C-carriers; P = 0.018) concentrations. These differences remained significant after multivariate adjustment. The IL-6 -174G>C polymorphism was associated with higher (CC vs. G-carriers) serum ICAM-1 concentrations in both men and women and with higher serum IL-6 concentrations in men. Following the dietary intervention, no significant gene x diet interactions were found. In conclusion, although COX-2 -765G>C and IL-6 -174G>C polymorphisms were associated with inflammation, consuming a MD (either supplemented with virgin olive oil or nuts) reduced the concentration of inflammation markers regardless of these polymorphisms.
Although red meat consumption has been related to the prevalence of diabetes, few data are available showing the relation among red meat intake, inflammation, and metabolic syndrome. We aimed to identify the association between red meat intake, metabolic syndrome, and circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP) as a surrogate measure of inflammation. In a cross-sectional study of 482 Tehrani female teachers aged 40-60 y, we used a FFQ to assess red meat intake. Anthropometric measures, blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose, lipid profiles, and plasma CRP concentrations were evaluated according to standard methods. Metabolic syndrome was defined as recommended by National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III guidelines. Red meat intake (mean +/- SEM) was 45.9 +/- 3.0 g/d. After statistically controlling for potential confounders, geometric mean plasma CRP concentrations across increasing quintile categories of red meat intake were 1.46, 1.66, 1.73, 1.89 +/- 1.89, and 2.03 mg/L (P-trend < 0.01). In the crude model, individuals in the top quintile of red meat intake had greater odds of having metabolic syndrome compared with those in the bottom quintile [odds ratio (OR): 2.33; 95% CI: 1.24, 4.38, P-trend < 0.01]. This association remained significant even after adjustment for potential confounders (OR, 2.15; CI, 1.18, 4.01; P-trend <0.01). Adjustment for CRP did not affect this association (OR, 2.06; CI, 1.16, 3.98; P-trend <0.01). In conclusion, increased red meat consumption is cross-sectionally associated with greater risk of metabolic syndrome and inflammation. Further prospective investigations will be needed to confirm this finding.
Little is known about the relation of dietary factors to circulating C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations in young adults and non-Western populations. We cross-sectionally examined associations between dietary intake and serum CRP concentrations in young Japanese women. The subjects were 443 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18 to 22 years. Dietary intake was assessed with a validated, self-administered, comprehensive, diet history questionnaire. Serum CRP concentrations were measured by highly sensitive nephelometry. The prevalence of elevated CRP (> or = 1 mg/L) was 5.6%. After adjustment for possible confounding factors including body mass index, a significant inverse association was seen between total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake and elevated CRP. The multivariate adjusted odds ratios of elevated CRP for women with intake below and above the median (1.1% of energy) were 1.00 and 0.33 (95% confidence interval, 0.13-0.82; P = .02), respectively. Intake of eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid and alpha-linolenic acid was not associated with elevated CRP concentrations (P = .62 and P = .27, respectively). Vitamin C intake was independently inversely associated with elevated CRP, although the association was nonsignificant (P = .10). No clear associations were observed for other dietary factors examined including total fat, saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, total dietary fiber, soluble dietary fiber, insoluble dietary fiber, and magnesium; fruits, vegetables, and fish and shellfish; and dietary glycemic load (P = .27 to P = .99). In conclusion, total n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake showed an independent inverse association with elevated serum CRP concentration in a group of young Japanese women.
The purpose of this study was to examine 3 possible explanations for the documented association between cereal consumption and positive health outcomes. The study design was a descriptive, longitudinal study known as the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth Health Study. Data from annual 3-day food records were analyzed to answer study questions. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth Health Study recruited 2379 girls (1166 white and 1213 black), age 9 to 10 at baseline. Frequency of consumption of breakfast cereal; other types of foods eaten at breakfast; and macronutrients, micronutrients, beverages, and fruits and vegetables and physical activity were the main outcome measures. The association of type of breakfast (cereal breakfast vs breakfast without cereal) with the outcomes of interest was estimated using regression techniques. The major findings were (1) cereal consumed at breakfast provided more fiber, iron, folic acid, and zinc and less fat, sodium, sugar, and cholesterol, compared with the nutrients in foods eaten during noncereal breakfasts. The cereal consumed provided less protein, carbohydrates, and calcium, compared to foods consumed during noncereal breakfasts; (2) eating cereal for breakfast appeared to facilitate milk consumption (leading to increased calcium intake) and to displace fats/sweets, quick breads, soda, and meat/eggs as breakfast foods. Eating cereal at breakfast was associated with increased consumption of fiber and carbohydrates and decreased consumption of fats throughout the day; and (3) greater physical activity was also associated with cereal breakfast. In conclusion, cereal consumption as part of a healthy lifestyle may play a role in maintaining adequate nutrient intake and physical activity among girls.
Lower body fat percentage is positively associated with climbing performance. This may lead climbers to practice unhealthy diet restriction when no sport-specific nutrition information exists. This study examined whether prolonged diet restriction affects body composition, oxidative stress, or other potential health risks in outdoor rock climbers. Two healthy male climbers conducted a 5 week rock climbing trip with a limited food budget ($1 each per day). Subjects underwent an energy restriction of approximately 40%. Loss of body weight and fat mass at week 5 were 5.8% and 16.1%, respectively, and were accompanied by significant subcutaneous fat loss in the iliac crest and abdomen. Triacylglycerols (TG), free fatty acids and C-reactive protein (CRP) dramatically decreased from baseline to week 2, and then maintained the lower level until week 5. Plasma vitamin C was below the normal range, and F2-isoprostanes, a marker of oxidative stress, continuously increased to week 5. Superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase increased to week 2, but had returned to baseline levels at week 5. These results indicate that prolonged reduced energy intake while climbing may have an impact on weight loss and fat mass loss, which may contribute to low circulating TG and CRP, indicating improvements in markers of cardiovascular risk, and may lead to increased oxidative stress and reduced circulating antioxidants. Further studies are warranted to determine whether antioxidant supplementation or increased energy intake reduce oxidative stress.
BACKGROUND: Like menopause, during complete lactation, circulating estrogen concentrations are markedly reduced, resulting in amplified bone resorption. AIM OF STUDY: To investigate the effects of soy isoflavones, common dietary components used to mitigate the bone loss of menopause, on the bone loss associated with lactation. METHODS: Lactating rats were randomized to one of four diets supplemented with different levels of soy isoflavones (0, 2, 4, 8 mg aglycone isoflavone/g protein). Milk was collected from all dams between days 12 and 15 of lactation and was analyzed for calcium, phosphorus and genistein concentrations. Serum and bones from half of the animals from each diet group were taken at weaning and from the remaining half at 4 weeks post-weaning. Bones underwent histomorphometric analysis and serum was used for genistein determinations. RESULTS: Serum genistein and milk concentrations reflected dietary isoflavone dose. Isoflavone intake had no effect on any of the bone changes associated with lactation or recovery. Milk calcium and mineral concentrations were unaffected by dietary isoflavones. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of soy isoflavones, in levels that can be readily attained through soy foods, have neither protective effects on bone nor deleterious effects on milk quality or quantity during lactation. 
Leptin, a protein hormone originating from adipose tissue, circulates in the plasma and affects the energy balance by interacting with the hypothalamus. Leptin plays an important role in the regulation of a variety of physiological functions, including food intake, body temperature and body weight maintenance. Tertiary structure of the leptin molecule reveals the existence of a four-helix bundle that is characteristic of the short-helix cytokines. To identify regions of the leptin molecule responsible for its bioactivity, we have recently synthesized six peptides based on the protein three-dimensional structure. Our results indicated that the fragments Ac-hLEP(92-115)-NH(2) (IV) and Ac-[Ser(117)]-hLEP(116-140)-NH(2) (V) were recognized by leptin receptor present in hp-75 cells validating that this region of the molecule contain the functional epitope of the leptin molecule. In the present study, a new series of decapeptides encompassing the region of fragments IV and V of leptin were synthesized, and their effects on body weight and food intake were assessed when administered into the lateral cerbroventricle of normal rats. Peptides were synthesized by SPPS, purified by RP-HPLC and characterized by LC/ESI-MS. We also performed a conformational study of the peptides by circular dichroism in order to correlate the biological activity and secondary structure of the leptin fragments. Among the fragments tested, we found that Ac-hLEP(110-119)-NH(2) (VI) induce a significant reduction in both body weight and food intake. The use of synthetic leptin-derivate fragments may offer the basis for the development of compounds with potential application in human obesity or to its related metabolic dysfunctions.
OBJECTIVE: To validate an FFQ for the assessment of dietary EPA and DHA against their relative concentrations in red blood cells (RBC). DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis of baseline data. Intakes of marine food products and EPA and DHA were estimated by FFQ on the basis of consumption of marine food products in the last month. Fatty acid composition of RBC membranes was quantified by GC. SETTING: Saint-Franois d'Assise Hospital, Qubec, Canada. SUBJECTS: A total of sixty-five middle-aged women who participated in a randomized clinical trial. RESULTS: Spearman's correlation coefficient between intake of EPA, DHA and EPA + DHA and their corresponding concentration in RBC was 0.46, 0.40 and 0.42, respectively (all P < 0.05). Multiple regression analysis of EPA+DHA intake and RBC EPA + DHA concentration indicated positive and significant correlations for oily fish (beta = 0.44, 95% CI 0.16, 0.72, P = 0.0027), total fish (beta = 0.42, 95% CI 0.19, 0.64, P = 0.0005) and marine food products (beta = 0.42, 95% CI 0.20, 0.64, P = 0.0003). No other marine food products significantly predicted RBC EPA + DHA concentration. CONCLUSIONS: Although the present validation study was undertaken among middle-aged women with low consumption of marine food products (<3 servings/week), our FFQ provided estimates of EPA and DHA intakes that correlated fairly well with their RBC concentrations. However, the absence of correlations between EPA + DHA intakes from different marine species suggests that a minimum EPA + DHA intake is necessary to observe a relationship with RBC EPA + DHA concentrations. 
Seafood, especially fish, is considered as a major dietary source of arsenic (As). Seafood consumption is recommended for nutritional properties but contaminant exposure should be considered. The objectives were to assess As intake of frequent French seafood consumers and exposure via biomarkers. Consumptions of 996 high consumers (18 and over) of 4 coastal areas were assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Seafood samples were collected according to a total diet study (TDS) sampling method and analyzed for total As, arsenite (AsIII), arsenate (AsV), arsenobetane (AsB), monomethylarsonic acid (MMA) and dimethylarsinic acid (DMA). The average As dietary exposure is 94.7+/-67.5 microg/kg bw/week in females and 77.3+/-54.6 microg/kg bw/week in males (p<0.001) and the inorganic As dietary exposure is respectively 3.34+/-2.06 microg/kg bw/week and 3.04+/-1.86 microg/kg bw/week (p<0.05). Urine samples were collected from 382 of the subjects. The average urinary As concentration is 94.8+/-250 microg/g creatinine for females and 59.7+/-81.8 microg/g for males (p<0.001). Samples having an As concentration above 75 microg/g creatinine (n=101) were analyzed for inorganic As (As(III), As(V), MMA(V) and DMA(V)) which was 24.6+/-27.9 microg/g creatinine for males and 27.1+/-20.6 microg/g for females. Analyses do not show any correlation between dietary exposure and urinary As. These results show that biological results should be interpreted cautiously. Diet recording seems to be the best way to assess dietary As exposure. Seafood is a high source of As exposure but even among high consumers it is not the main source of toxic As. From a public health point of view these results should be interpreted carefully in the absence of international consensus on the health-based guidance value.
Circulating adiponectin is emerging as an important link between obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the spectrum of lifestyle factors that modulate the adiponectin concentration remains to be elucidated, particularly among women. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 877 female twin pairs from the TwinsUK adult twin registry. Using a co-twin design, we examined dietary and body composition influences on adiponectin by conducting matched, within-pair analyses to eliminate confounding. Following multivariable adjustment within-twin pairs, significant influences on adiponectin (log-transformed, percent change per SD of the dietary/body composition variable) were observed for nonstarch polysaccharides (3.25%; 95% CI: 0.06, 6.54; P < 0.05) and magnesium intake (3.80%; 95%CI: 0.17, 7.57; P < 0.05), with a trend toward an association for fruit and vegetable (F&V) intakes (2.55%; 95% CI: -0.26, 5.45; P = 0.08). These modest positive associations cannot be explained by confounding through other lifestyle factors shared by the twins. A significant relationship between adiponectin and 3 derived dietary patterns (F&V, dieting, traditional English), carbohydrate, protein, trans fat, and alcohol intake was also observed. Strong inverse associations with adiponectin were observed for BMI (-10.72%; 95% CI: -13.78, -7.55), total (-6.89%: 95% CI: -10.34, -3.30; P < 0.05), and central fat mass (-12.50%; 95% CI: -15.82, -9.05; P < 0.05); these relationships were significant both when twins were analyzed as individuals and when characteristics were contrasted within-twin pairs, suggesting a direct effect. We observed modest associations between dietary factors and adiponectin in female twins, independent of adiposity, and report strong inverse associations with body composition. These data reinforce the importance of weight maintenance and increasing consumption of diets rich in plant-based foods to prevent CVD and type 2 diabetes.
A higher calcium intake is still the primary recommendation for the prevention of osteoporosis, whereas vitamin D deficiency is often not addressed. To study the relative importance of dietary calcium intake and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] status in regard to hip BMD, 4958 community-dwelling women and 5003 men >/=20 yr of age from the U.S. NHANES III population-based survey were studied. Calcium supplement users and individuals with a prior radius or hip fracture were excluded. We calculated standardized means for BMD by quartiles of sex-specific calcium intake for three 25(OH)D categories (<50, 50-74, and 75+ nM) among men and women, separately controlling for other important predictors of BMD. A higher calcium intake was significantly associated with higher BMD (p value for trend: p = 0.005) only for women with 25(OH)D status <50 nM, whereas calcium intake beyond the upper end of the lowest quartile (>566 mg/d) was not significantly associated with BMD at 25(OH)D concentrations >50 nM. Among men, there was no significant association between a higher calcium intake beyond the upper end of the lowest quartile (626 mg/d) and BMD within all 25(OH)D categories. Among both sexes, BMD increased stepwise and significantly with higher 25(OH)D concentrations (<50, 50-74, 75+ nM; p value for trend: women < 0.0001; men = 0.0001). Among men and women, 25(OH)D status seems to be the dominant predictor of BMD relative to calcium intake. Only women with 25(OH)D concentrations <50 nM seem to benefit from a higher calcium intake.
The natural isotopic composition of 13C and 12C in tissues is largely determined by the diet. Sources of provitamin A carotenoids (e.g., vegetables) typically have a lower 13C to 12C ratio (13C:12C) than preformed vitamin A sources (i.e., dairy and meat) from corn-fed animals, which are prevalent in the US. The 13C:12C of serum retinol (13C:12C-retinol) was evaluated as a biomarker for vegetable intake in a 3-mo dietary intervention designed to promote weight-loss by increased vegetable consumption or reduced calorie and fat intake. Subjects were 21-50 y of age with a BMI between 30-40 kg/m2 and were enrolled from one geographic area in the US. The high vegetable group (n=20) was encouraged to increase daily vegetable and fruit consumption to 0.95 liter vegetables and 0.24-0.35 liter fruits. The caloric reduction group (n=17) was encouraged to lower caloric intake by 500 kcal and consume<or=25% kcal from fat daily. Provided meals supplied 75-100% vegetable and fruit goals and 50-67% kcal and fat g per day. Carotenoid supplementation was discontinued by subjects during the study. Serum retinol and provitamin A carotenoid concentrations; intake of preformed vitamin A, provitamin A, and fat; and body weight, fat mass, and lean mass were analyzed for correlations to 13C:12C-retinol. 13C:12C-Retinol decreased in the vegetable group after intervention (P=0.050) and the correlation with provitamin A intake was approaching significance (P=0.079). 13C:12C-Retinol did not change in the caloric reduction group (P=0.43). 13C:12C-Retinol changes with the vitamin A source in the diet and can be used as a biomarker for increases in dietary provitamin A vegetable intake.
The consumption of calcium, vitamin D, and dairy products may be associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, whether this reduction is due to calcium, vitamin D, or other components of dairy products is not clear. We examined intakes of total calcium and vitamin D, and plasma concentrations of 25 hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] in relation to fasting plasma concentrations of C-peptide in 2 cross-sectional studies among healthy men from the Health Professionals Follow-up Study and among healthy women from the Nurses' Health Study I. Intake of total calcium was modestly inversely associated with C-peptide concentration in women (P-trend = 0.05); however, the inverse association was not significant in men (P = 0.7). Concentrations of C-peptide were 20% lower among men who had plasma concentrations of 25(OH)D in the highest quartile compared with those in the lowest quartile (P-trend = 0.08); there was no association in women (P = 0.3). The inverse association between calcium intake and the plasma C-peptide concentration was stronger in hypertensive individuals of both sexes. The difference in the C-peptide concentrations between extreme quartiles of calcium intake was 17% in men and 20% in women. Plasma concentrations of C-peptide for the combination of the highest tertiles of calcium intake and plasma 25(OH)D compared with the opposite extreme were 35% lower (P = 0.03) in men and 12% lower (P = 0.01) in women. The results suggest that calcium intake or systemic vitamin D status, after adjustment for intake of dairy products, is associated with decreased insulin secretion.
AIM: This paper is a report of a study to evaluate the psychometric properties of the Chinese version of the Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised using the technique of confirmatory factor analysis. BACKGROUND: The Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised is the most commonly used instrument for assessing patients' views of illness, and there is good evidence for the psychometric properties of the English version. However, there is inconsistency in the literature about how scores of the Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised should be used. METHOD: A cross-sectional survey was conducted in three teaching hospitals in central Taiwan. The Chinese Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised was administered to a purposive sample of 358 patients with hypertension in 2005-2006. RESULTS: Confirmatory factor analysis provided evidence of satisfactory factorial validity, convergent validity and discriminant validity of the Chinese Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised. Internal consistency was supported by adequate Cronbach's alphas (ranging 0.67-0.87) and composite reliability (0.57-0.88). The factor structures of the identity and cause subscales were found to be an acceptable fit to the data. The findings of model evaluations supported the seven-factor structure, after removal of six poorly fitting items. Second-order analysis indicated two factors (control and negative illness representation) representing latent constructs underlying the factors of personal control, treatment control, consequence, timeline-cyclic and emotional representation. CONCLUSION: The Chinese Illness Perception Questionnaire-Revised is a reliable and valid instrument for the measurement of illness perceptions in patients with hypertension. 
Several studies have shown that volatile compounds are particularly well-suited for the authentication lamb diet by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) analysis of adipose tissue. The aim of the present work was to use dynamic headspace-GC-MS to study the variations in the amounts of volatile diet tracers in perirenal fat (PRF) and caudal subcutaneous fat (CSCF) in lambs (n = 24) that were fed with concentrate and then allowed to graze for 0, 17, 51, or 85 days. Twenty-six volatile compounds were found to distinguish between the four diets (p < 0.05) in both PRF and CSCF. Of these diet tracers, 16 were found to be related to the pasture diet and increased at different rates according to the time spent at pasture (latency), while 10 were found in higher amounts in tissues of lambs fed with exclusive concentrate and exhibited different rates of clearance (persistence). Twenty-four of these discriminant compounds, including alkanes, ketones, terpenes, and 2,3-octanedione, were previously stated as pasture diet tracers in several earlier studies, suggesting their potential universality. All degrees of latency or persistence were exhibited by the pasture and concentrate diet tracers, respectively. A principal component analysis performed on ratios of selected diet tracers from both adipose tissues evidenced successful differentiation of the four feeding situations.
Resveratrol (RSV), a naturally occurring phytoalexin that can be found in red wine, berries, and peanuts, has been shown to extend both mean and maximum life span in model organisms. RSV has also been reported to shift the physiology of middle-aged mice on a high-calorie diet toward that of mice on a standard diet. These beneficial effects of RSV have been suggested to resemble caloric restriction. Our study in F2 four-way cross-hybrid mice was the first to evaluate the effects of aging and long-term RSV treatment (14.09+/-3.4 mg/L in drinking water for 6 or 12 months) on biomarkers of oxidative damage to DNA, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8OHdG); lipid, 8-iso-prostaglandin(2 alpha) (8-iso-PGF(2 alpha)); and protein, protein carbonyl content (PCC). There was a significant age-dependent accumulation of oxidative damage to DNA, lipid, and protein as well as a clear increase in urine 8-iso-PGF(2 alpha) levels in the majority of mouse tissues. Rates of age-dependent increases in damage biomarkers varied between tissues. Chronic RSV treatment elevated total RSV plasma levels and reduced the observed age-dependent accumulation of (1) 8OHdG in liver and heart, (2) 8-iso-PGF(2 alpha) in heart and urine, and (3) PCC in liver and kidney. However, a 12-month RSV intake resulted in significant elevation of 8-iso-PGF(2 alpha) and PCC in kidney. Our studies demonstrate that RSV treatment consistently attenuated oxidative damage in tissues where age-related oxidative damage accumulation was prominent, but also suggested that chronic RSV treatment may induce nephrotoxicity.
BACKGROUND: The current, continuous National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) has included blood mercury (BHg) and fish/shellfish consumption since it began in 1999. NHANES 1999-2004 data form the basis for these analyses. OBJECTIVES: This study was designed to determine BHg distributions within U.S. Census regions and within coastal and noncoastal areas among women of childbearing age, their association with patterns of fish consumption, and changes from 1999 through 2004. METHODS: We performed univariate and bivariate analyses to determine the distribution of BHg and fish consumption in the population and to investigate differences by geography, race/ethnicity, and income. We used multivariate analysis (regression) to determine the strongest predictors of BHg among geography, demographic factors, and fish consumption. RESULTS: Elevated BHg occurred more commonly among women of childbearing age living in coastal areas of the United States (approximately one in six women). Regionally, exposures differ across the United States: Northeast > South and West > Midwest. Asian women and women with higher income ate more fish and had higher BHg. Time-trend analyses identified reduced BHg and reduced intake of Hg in the upper percentiles without an overall reduction of fish consumption. CONCLUSIONS: BHg is associated with income, ethnicity, residence (census region and coastal proximity). From 1999 through 2004, BHg decreased without a concomitant decrease in fish consumption. Data are consistent with a shift over this time period in fish species in women's diets. 
Several clinical and epidemiological studies have shown that moderate wine consumption may exert a protective effect against oxidative stress involved in several diseases, such as cardiovascular and neurodegenerative disorders. However, the epidemiological assessment of wine consumption has usually been obtained using self-reported questionnaires containing less reliable information for assessing total intake than nutritional biomarkers. A reliable biomarker for wine consumption is, therefore, needed. To validate urinary resveratrol metabolites (RMs) as a biomarker of wine consumption in a large cohort of free-living subjects, 1000 consecutive subjects entering a substudy of the PREDIMED trial (Prevencin con Dieta Mediterrnea) were evaluated. Data were collected in a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. RMs were measured in morning urine by LC-MS/MS. Urinary RM values correlated directly with reported daily amounts of wine consumed (r=0.895; p<0.001). One drink of wine per week can be detected. Using a cut-off of 411.4 nmol/g creatinine, the measurement of urinary RMs could discriminate wine consumers from non-wine consumers with a sensitivity of 93.3% (95% confidence interval (CI) 91.5-94.7%) and a specificity of 92.1% (CI 90.2-93.7%). Urinary RMs fulfill the criteria to be considered as a nutritional biomarker of wine consumption in a large sample of free-living subjects. This biomarker would provide an additional tool for investigating more precisely the relationship between wine consumption and health benefits.
Choline is a required nutrient with roles in liver and brain function, lipid metabolism, and fetal development. Recent data suggest that choline requirements may be altered by polymorphisms in the phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase (PEMT) gene (ie, 5465G-->A; rs7946 and -744G-->C; rs12325817) and in the methylenetetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase (MTHFD1) gene (ie, 1958G-->A; rs2236225). This controlled feeding study, conducted in 2000-2001, examined the effects of the PEMT and MTHFD1 genetic variants on biomarkers of choline metabolism in premenopausal Mexican-American women (N=43) after a 7-week period of folate restriction (135 microg as dietary folate equivalents) and after a 7-week period of folate treatment (400 and 800 microg dietary folate equivalents/day combined). Throughout the 14-week study choline intake remained constant at 349 mg/day. The genotype frequencies of the women were 3GG, 19GA, and 21AA for PEMT G5465A; 9GG, 17GC and 17CC for PEMT G-744C; and 9GG, 21GA and 13AA for MTHFD1 G1958A. During folate restriction, homocysteine was adversely influenced by PEMT 5465AA (P=0.001 relative to the G allele) and by MTHFD1 1958AA (P=0.085 relative to 1958GG); whereas the decline in phosphatidylcholine was attenuated by PEMT -744CC (P=0.017 relative to -744GG). During folate treatment, no effects of the genotypes on the response of the measured variables were detected. These data suggest that polymorphisms in genes relevant to choline metabolism modulate parameters of choline status when folate intake is restricted. Additional studies with larger samples sizes are needed to examine the relationship between these genetic variants and varied choline intake in populations with increased demands for choline (eg, pregnant women).
BACKGROUND: The long-chain omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids derived from fish, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and other chronic diseases. Study of the associations between EPA and DHA intake and disease requires a valid biomarker of dietary intake; however, the direct measurement of tissue fatty acid concentrations is expensive and time consuming. OBJECTIVE: Because the nitrogen stable isotope ratio ((15)N/(14)N, expressed as delta(15)N) is elevated in fish, we investigated whether delta(15)N is a valid alternative biomarker of EPA and DHA intake. DESIGN: We examined the relation between red blood cell (RBC) delta(15)N and RBC EPA and DHA in a community-based sample of 496 Yup'ik Eskimos with widely varying intake of n-3 fatty acids. We also assessed the correlation between delta(15)N and dietary EPA and DHA intake based on 24-h dietary recalls and 3-d food records completed by a subset of 221 participants. RESULTS: RBC delta(15)N was strongly correlated with RBC EPA and DHA (r = 0.83 and 0.75, respectively). These correlations differed only modestly by sex and age class. RBC delta(15)N also correlated with dietary EPA and DHA intake (r = 0.47 and 0.46, respectively) and did not differ by sex and age. CONCLUSIONS: The results strongly support the validity of RBC delta(15)N as a biomarker of EPA and DHA intake. Because the analysis of RBC delta(15)N is rapid and inexpensive, this method could facilitate wide-scale assessment of EPA and DHA intake in clinical and epidemiologic studies. 
CONTEXT: Urine specific gravity (USG) has been used to estimate hydration status in athletes on the field, with increasing levels of hypohydration indicated by higher USG measurements (eg, greater than 1.020). Whether initial hydration status based on a urine measure is related to subsequent drinking response during exercise or athletic competition is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship between pregame USG and the volume of fluid consumed by players in a professional basketball game. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Basketball players were monitored during Summer League competition. PATIENTS OR OTHER PARTICIPANTS: Players (n = 29) from 5 teams of the National Basketball Association agreed to participate. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Pregame USG was measured for each player on 2 occasions. Athletes were given ad libitum access to fluid during each game and were unaware of the purpose of the study. Volume of fluid intake was measured for each player. To assess sweat loss, athletes were weighed in shorts before and after each game. RESULTS: Sweat loss ranged from 1.0 to 4.6 L, with a mean sweat loss of 2.2 +/- 0.8 L. Fluid intake ranged from 0.1 to 2.9 L, with a mean fluid intake of 1.0 +/- 0.6 L. Pregame USG was greater than 1.020 in 52% of the urine samples collected and was not correlated with fluid volume consumed during either of the games (r = 0.15, P = .48, and r = 0.15, P = .52, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Approximately half of the players began the games in a hypohydrated state, as indicated by USG. Fluid intake during the game did not compensate for poor hydration status before competition. Furthermore, sweat losses in these players during games were substantial (greater than 2 L in approximately 20 minutes of playing time). Therefore, both pregame and during-game hydration strategies, such as beverage availability and player education, should be emphasized. 
The objective of this research was to determine the influence of dietary Se on various indicators of Se status and relative liver glutathione peroxidase 1 (GPx-1) messenger RNA (mRNA) levels in growing Holstein bull calves. Calves (n = 14, 7/diet) were started 28 d after birth on a Se-adequate (SeA) or Se-deficient diet (SeD) and maintained on the diet until 180 d of age. Blood samples were taken from each calf for determination of erythrocyte GPx-1 and plasma GPx-3 activities and plasma Se concentration on d 28 of age, every 28 d thereafter, and at 180 d of age. To assess liver Se and GPx-1 mRNA, 3 calves were first killed at d 21 of age for baseline (BSL) measurements, and 4 calves from each treatment were killed at trial conclusion. Feed intake and ADG were not affected (P = 0.62) by dietary Se concentrations. However, liver Se concentration was greater (P < 0.05) for BSL calves and SeA calves than SeD calves, but no difference (P = 0.68) was observed between BSL calves and SeA calves. Plasma Se was greater for SeA calves (P < 0.01) than for SeD calves by d 56 of age. The GPx-1 activity was greater in SeA calves (P < 0.01) by d 84 of age, whereas GPx-3 activity was greater in SeA calves, but not until d 180 of age (P < 0.01). There was a 50% decrease in GPx-1 mRNA for the SeD calves (P < 0.05) compared with SeA calves. Thus, relative GPx-1 mRNA transcript level is reflective of Se status in the bovine. Furthermore, 152 d on a semi-purified, SeD diet is adequate to create a Se deficiency in growing Holstein bull calves started on a SeD diet at 28 d of age.
Low-grade and chronic inflammation related to excessive body weight can increase the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, whereas the intake of antioxidant nutrients appears to produce anti-inflammatory effects. The purpose of this observational study was to assess the potential relationships between serum SA levels, metabolic syndrome features, and dietary selenium intake to test the hypothesis that this antioxidant micronutrient may also have anti-inflammatory properties in healthy young adults. Forty-three healthy participants with a mean age of 18.0 +/- 0.93 years and a mean body mass index of 22.2 +/- 2.7 kg/m(2) were enrolled. Anthropometric, body composition, and blood pressure determinations were measured as well as serum lipid profile, glucose, insulin, and SA concentrations. Nutritional intake was estimated by a computerized, validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. The findings included a positive correlation between SA and triacylglycerol levels (r = 0.317, P = .038) and a trend to significance with the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance index (r = 0.297, P = .053). Moreover, subjects with higher dietary selenium intake showed statistically lower SA levels compared with subjects with lower dietary selenium intake (1.8 +/- 0.4 vs 2.1 +/- 0.4 mmol/L, P = .037), while dietary selenium negatively correlated with SA (r = -0.331, P = .030) and triacylglycerol levels (r = -0.312, P = .041). It can be concluded that a relationship of SA, an inflammatory marker, with metabolic syndrome features such as lipid profile impairment and insulin resistance has been envisaged. In addition, we report (apparently for the first time) a negative association between SA and selenium intake, a recognized antioxidant trace element, in healthy young subjects, reinforcing the view of selenium as a potential anti-inflammatory nutrient.
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Epidemiological studies of restless legs syndrome (RLS) have been limited by lack of a well validated patient-completed diagnostic questionnaire that has a high enough specificity to provide a reasonable positive predictive value. Most of the currently used patient completed diagnostic questionnaires have neither been validated nor included items facilitating the differential diagnosis of RLS from conditions producing similar symptoms. The Cambridge-Hopkins diagnostic questionnaire for RLS (CH-RLSq) was developed with several iterations to include items covering the basic diagnostic features of RLS and to provide some basic differential diagnosis. This validation study sought to determine the sensitivity and specificity of the RLS diagnosis based on this questionnaire. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The CH-RLSq was completed by 2005 blood donors who were asked to consent to being contacted for a telephone diagnostic interview. A scoring criterion was established for ascertainment of RLS based on the clinical definition of the disorder and the exclusion of "mimic" conditions. A weighted sample (N=185) of all completed questionnaires was selected for expert clinical diagnosis of RLS using the validated Hopkins Telephone Diagnostic Interview (HDTI). The telephone interviewers were blinded to all questionnaire responses. RESULTS: A telephone diagnosis was obtained on 183 of the sample's 185 questionnaires. The questionnaire's normalized sensitivity and specificity were 87.2% and 94.4%, respectively, for RLS compared to not RLS. The positive predictive values in this sample were 85.5%. CONCLUSIONS: The Cambridge-Hopkins RLS questionnaire provides a reasonable level of sensitivity and specificity for ascertainment of RLS in population-based studies. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: Because of the importance and prevalence of incontinence among women, there is increasing interest in the development and use of well-constructed questionnaires studying quality of life. Also, there is a paucity of information on QOL in non-Western women suffering from urinary incontinence. The aim of this study was to translate the original English version of the I-QOL and to assess the reliability and validity of this questionnaire in Iranian patients with urinary incontinence. METHODS: Four hundred women with urinary incontinence completed the Persian version of the questionnaire. By Cronbach's alpha coefficient, the intraclass correlation coefficient, and confirmatory factor analysis, the reliability and validity of the questionnaire were assessed. RESULTS: The median age of the respondents was 48 years (range 27-90). The overall I-QOL summary score showed internal consistency of 0.96 (Cronbach's alpha). The intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.96 for the total score. The range of correlation between the I-QOL total score and the subscales of the Sf-36 and the Psychological General Well-Being (PGWB) questionnaires were between 0.47 to 0.59 and 0.52 to 0.61 respectively. CONCLUSION: The Persian version of the I-QOL can be used for measuring QOL in urinary incontinent women in Iran. 
There are strong indications that a moderate intake of fatty fish decreases the risk of cardiovascular diseases due to its content of omega-3 fatty acids. Other studies indicate that fatty fish consumption increase the body burden of Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs) and may thereby increase the risk of negative health effects. Many of the latter studies are based on POP analysis of fatty fish, from which a recommended daily intake for humans has been calculated based on the no-observed adverse effect level (NOAEL) obtained from animal studies. Studies investigating associations between human plasma concentrations of POPs and intake of marine food show deviating results. In this study we investigated associations between self-reported intake of marine food (fatty fish, fish liver, fish liver oil, seagull eggs and halibut) and plasma concentrations of POPs. The study group consisted of 44 women and 16 men from northern Norway with a marine based diet. In addition to donate blood samples, the participants answered a detailed food frequency questionnaire with special emphasis on marine food consumption. Concentrations of 25 different POPs were measured in plasma. PCB 153 and p'p-DDE were the most ubiquitous PCB and chlorinated pesticide and the geometric mean concentrations were 73 ng/g lipids and 116 ng/g lipids respectively. The main findings in this study were that age, gender and intake of fresh fish liver oil were significant predictors of three of the most common PCBs and trans-Nonachlor in this study group. In addition, intake of seagull eggs influenced the concentration of PCB 180. However, even though the participants had a high intake of marine food they did not have elevated levels of POPs compared to other study groups. Intake of fatty fish did not significantly affect the body burden of POPs in this study group.
Many studies conducted in the field of chronobiology report diurnal fluctuation in cognitive and physical performance that occurs in phase with the body temperature circadian rhythm. Waking time and whether or not breakfast is consumed are currently considered to influence the diurnal fluctuation in data collected in the morning at 06:00 h and evening at 18:00 h. Nineteen male subjects participated in four test sessions to examine if wake-up time (04:00 h or 05:00 h) and eating or not eating breakfast influence psychomotor performance capacity at 06:00 h. All four sessions were separated by >/=36 h and were completed in a counterbalanced order. Each test session comprised sign cancellation, Epworth Sleepiness Scale, simple reaction time, and manual dexterity tests. Most of the results indicate that psychomotor performance when evaluated at 06:00 h under each of the four different study situations (two waking times and two breakfast conditions) is not statistically significantly different. Consequently, previous results that documented diurnal fluctuations in morning and evening performance capacities, with test sessions at 06:00 h, are confirmed. Being less efficient in the early morning than in the afternoon potentially exposes people to elevated risk of accident and injury at this time of the day. Prior waking time and/or consumption of a light meal, plus other countermeasures mentioned in the literature, are insufficient to prevent this risk.
OBJECTIVE: The present study aimed to estimate the lutein concentration in human milk during early lactation and its relationship with dietary lutein intake measured through the administration of a short FFQ. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study in which an FFQ was administered twice: on day 3 (T0) and day 30 (T1) postpartum; meanwhile two breast milk samples were collected. Maternal plasma samples were obtained at T0. The comparison of dietary lutein intakes and likewise lutein concentrations in breast milk at T0 and T1 were analysed with Student's t test. Pearson's correlation coefficient was used to determine the association between dietary lutein intake and lutein concentration in milk and plasma, respectively, as well as the correlation between breast milk and plasma lutein concentrations at T0. SETTING: Pavia, northern Italy. SUBJECTS: Twenty-one pregnant women, age range 24-42 years, were recruited during their last trimester on a voluntary basis. RESULTS: Both breast milk and plasma lutein concentrations were significantly correlated with dietary lutein intake (r = 0.86, P = 0.0001 and r = 0.94, P = 0.0001, respectively). There was a clear significant correlation between milk and plasma lutein concentrations (r = 0.87, P = 0.0001). Mature milk lutein concentration, although significantly reduced at T1 (P < 0.01), maintained a fairly high correlation with dietary lutein intake (r = 0.82, P = 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Even though milk lutein concentration decreased during early lactation, it remained significantly correlated with daily lutein intake. Therefore, while awaiting further research, dietary recommendations advising intake of fresh fruit and vegetables rich in lutein, throughout the whole duration of pregnancy and lactation, are extremely useful. 
BACKGROUND: C-reactive protein (CRP), a sensitive marker of inflammation, is an independent predictor of future cardiovascular disease (CVD), which is a major cause of death worldwide. In epidemiological trials, high-fibre intakes have consistently been associated with reduction in CVD risk and CRP levels. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the influence of dietary fibre (DF) on CRP in clinical trials. DATA SOURCES: Databases were searched from the earliest record to April 2008 and supplemented by crosschecking reference lists of relevant publications. STUDY SELECTION: Human adult intervention trials, at least 2 weeks in duration, with an increased and measurable consumption of DF were included and rated for quality. DATA SYNTHESIS: Seven clinical trials were included, and six of these reported significantly lower CRP concentrations of 25-54% with increased DF consumption with dosages ranging between 3.3-7.8 g/MJ. The seventh trial with psyllium fibre supplementation failed to lower CRP levels significantly in overweight/obese individuals. Weight loss and altered fatty acid intakes were present in most of the studies. CONCLUSIONS: In the presence of weight loss and modified saturated, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fat intakes, significantly lower CRP concentrations (downward arrow 25-54%) are seen with increased fibre consumption (> or =3.3 g/MJ). Mechanisms are inconclusive but may involve the effect of DF on weight loss, and/or changes in the secretion, turnover or metabolism of insulin, glucose, adiponectin, interleukin-6, free fatty acids and triglycerides. Clinical studies of high- and low-fibre diets are needed to explore the potential favourable effects as observed epidemiologically, and to understand individual susceptibility to its anti-inflammatory effect and long-term cardiovascular reduction. 
The authors compared effects of macronutrients on self-reported appetite and selected fasting hormone levels. The Optimal Macronutrient Intake Trial to Prevent Heart Disease (OMNI-Heart) (2003-2005) was a randomized, 3-period, crossover feeding trial (n = 164) comparing the effects of 3 diets, each rich in a different macronutrient. Percentages of kilocalories of carbohydrate, fat, and protein were 48, 27, and 25, respectively, for the protein-rich diet; 58, 27, and 15, for the carbohydrate-rich diet; and 48, 37, and 15 for the diet rich in unsaturated fat. Food and drink were provided for each isocaloric 6-week period. Appetite was measured by visual analog scales. Pairwise differences between diets were estimated using generalized estimating equations. Compared with the protein diet, premeal appetite was 14% higher on the carbohydrate (P = 0.01) and unsaturated-fat (P = 0.003) diets. Geometric mean leptin was 8% lower on the protein diet than on the carbohydrate diet (P = 0.003). Obestatin levels were 7% and 6% lower on the protein diet than on the carbohydrate (P = 0.02) and unsaturated-fat (P = 0.004) diets, respectively. There were no between-diet differences for ghrelin. A diet rich in protein from lean meat and vegetables reduces self-reported appetite compared with diets rich in carbohydrate and unsaturated fat and can be recommended in a weight-stable setting. The observed pattern of hormone changes does not explain the inverse association between protein intake and appetite.
AIMS: To translate and validate the Arabic version of the short form of Urogenital Distress Inventory (UDI-6) questionnaire in a sample of women with lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS). METHODS: Two native Saudis independently translated the original UDI-6 into Arabic. These two translations were harmonized, and then checked by independent back translation by two English teachers. They collaborated with the clinical investigators to reach a consensus version of the questionnaire. The harmonized version was pre-tested in a pilot study on 20 patients. The final version of the UDI-6 was applied to 68 consecutive patients aged 22 years or over complaining of LUTS for at least 3 months at our tertiary care hospital. The patients were rerated after 1 week to assess test-retest reliability. To assess the capacity of the questionnaire to discriminate between women with and without LUTS, cases, and controls of healthy women sample were involved and assessed. The psychometric properties of the questionnaire, such as reliability and validity were assessed. RESULTS: The correlation co-efficient between ratings was >0.75 and the discriminate power between cases and control were confirmed. The UDI showed good internal consistency total score cronbach alpha = 0.71. CONCLUSIONS: The Arabic version of UDI-6 is a valid and robust instrument and a reliable method to use in daily practice and clinical research. 
The influences of nutritional protein during the first and second trimesters of pregnancy on placental hormones and fetal growth were determined in composite beef heifers. At artificial insemination, heifers were stratified by weight within each composite genotype into 4 treatment groups: High High (HH=1.4kg crude protein (CP)/day for first and second trimesters of gestation; n=16), High Low (HL=1.4kg CP/day for first trimester and 0.4kg CP/day for second trimester; n=19), Low High (LH=0.4kg CP/day for first trimester and 1.4kg CP/day for second trimester; n=17) or Low Low (LL=0.4kg CP/day for first and second trimesters; n=19). Maternal plasma bovine pregnancy associated glycoprotein (bPAG) and progesterone (P4) were determined at gestation day (gd) 28, 82, 179 and 271 (mean gestation length 286 days) in addition to P4 at term. Estrone sulphate (ES) and bovine placental lactogen (bPL) concentrations were measured at gd 124, 179, 236 and 271 and at term in addition to ES at gd 82. Low dietary protein increased placental function as indicated by increased bPAG (P<0.001) and ES (P=0.02) concentrations in first trimester and increased bPL concentrations (P=0.01) in the second trimester of gestation. In the third trimester, when dietary treatment had ceased, placental function was no longer associated with previous dietary treatments. Dam genotype affected placental function as measured by bPL (P<0.001) and ES concentrations (P=0.02). Calf gender, heifer age and maternal insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I, -II and leptin did not affect hormonal indicators or circulating markers of placental function. Enhanced placental function during the third trimester, as measured by ES, was associated with increased calf birth weight (P=0.003).
Cruciferous vegetables (CVs) have been widely studied for their anticarcinogenic properties. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the protective effect of broccoli intake in smokers and nonsmokers. Twenty young healthy males (10 smokers and 10 nonsmokers) were randomized in a cross-over design and received a portion of broccoli (200 g) or maintained a controlled diet for 10 days each. The two periods were separated by a wash-out period (20 days). Blood samples were collected at 0, 10, 30, and 40 days and used for the evaluation of DNA damage, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and histone deacetylase (HDAC). Ex vivo protection from H(2)O(2)-induced DNA damage and endogenous DNA damage were evaluated in lymphocytes by means of the comet assay. Strand breaks decreased significantly after the broccoli diet in smokers as well as in nonsmokers (-22.2%; P < 0.0001), whereas oxidized purines decreased significantly only in smokers (-51.0%; P < 0.0001). Broccoli intake did not modify HDAC activity and IGF-I serum levels. Our results strengthen the importance of consuming CVs to increase cell protection against DNA damage. Future investigation, with different amount of broccoli and/or different time of exposure, is needed to understand the lack of effect on HDAC activity and IGF-I levels.
AIMS: To dissociate the possible differential effects of negative energy balance and reduction in body fat mass (FM) on inflammatory markers: C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen, interleukin-6 (IL-6), haptoglobin, transferrin and the adipokines leptin and adiponectin. METHODS: Thirty-three obese subjects (BMI: 34.0+/-3.1 kg/m(2), age: 43.0+/-10.5 years, mean+/-s.d., 16 men) participated in a 20-week controlled dietary intervention divided into four periods. Weight reduction was induced by an 8-week low energy diet (3.4 MJ d(-1)) (LED-1) followed by a 4-week weight maintenance program (M-1). Subsequently participants underwent an additional 4-week LED (4.2 MJ d(-1)) (LED-2) followed by a final 4-week weight maintenance diet (M-2). Blood samples and anthropometrics were assessed at baseline and after LED-1, M-1, LED-2 and M-2. RESULTS: Body weight was significantly reduced by 13% (13.7+/-4.0 kg, P<0.0001) after LED-1. However, a reduction in high-sensitive CRP (hs-CRP) by 35% (-1.1 (95% CI: -2.5:0.2) mg l(-1), P=0.02) only became apparent after LED-2, which produced an additional weight loss of 2.9 kg compared to baseline, and it was maintained after M-2 (-1.0 (-1.4:0.4) mg l(-1), P=0.02). Also IL-6 was reduced by 21% (-0.6 (-2.4:0.2) ng l(-1), P=0.02) after M-2. The reductions in hs-CRP and IL-6 were both associated with reduction in FM but not body weight. Haptoglobin, transferrin and leptin were significantly reduced after both LED-1 and LED-2, but increased during weight maintenance. Adiponectin was not significantly changed during the intervention. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that, whereas haptoglobin and transferrin respond more rapidly and are more susceptible to the acute change in energy balance, a reduction in hs-CRP and IL-6 seems to be achieved by a reduction in FM when a new steady state has been established. 
Excess iron causes cell injury by reacting with superoxide anions (O2*) and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) and producing hydroxyl radical (OH*) and reactive oxygen species (ROS). In the present study, albino rats were fed with biscuits enriched with ferrous sulphate (0.3% w/w) for 10 weeks to have overload iron conditions and observed a significant decrease in serum chromium, brain serotonin and dopamine, while iron and zinc increased significantly in serum. Increasing iron level might be responsible for accelerated dopamine oxidation with subsequent quinone formation.
BACKGROUND: Fruits and vegetables, foods rich in flavonoids and antioxidants, have been associated with lower risk of stroke, coronary heart disease, and markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in adults. Markers of inflammation and oxidative stress are predictors of coronary heart disease risk; however, it is unknown whether these markers are related to dietary flavonoid and antioxidant intake in youth. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether greater intakes of fruit and vegetables, antioxidants, folate, and total flavonoids were inversely associated with markers of inflammation and oxidative stress in 285 adolescent boys and girls aged 13 to 17 years. DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study conducted between February 1996 and January 2000, diet was assessed by a 127-item food frequency questionnaire. Height and weight measurements were obtained and a fasting blood sample drawn. Spearman partial correlation analyses evaluated the relation of intakes of fruit and vegetables, antioxidants, folate, and flavonoids with markers of inflammation (C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and 15-keto-dihydro-PGF(2alpha) metabolite and oxidative stress (urinary 8-iso prostaglandin F(2alpha), an F(2)-isoprostane), adjusting for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, energy intake, and body mass index. RESULTS: Urinary F(2)-isoprostane was inversely correlated with intakes of total fruit and vegetables, vitamin C, beta carotene, and flavonoids. Serum C-reactive protein was significantly inversely associated with intakes of fruit (r=-0.19; P=0.004), vitamin C (r=-0.13, P=0.03), and folate (r=-0.18; P=0.004). Serum interleukin-6 was inversely associated with intakes of legumes, vegetables, beta carotene, and vitamin C. Serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha was inversely associated with beta carotene (r=-0.14, P=0.02) and luteolin (r=-0.15, P=0.02). CONCLUSION: Study results show that the beneficial effects of fruit and vegetable intake on markers of inflammation and oxidative stress are already present by early adolescence and provide support for the Dietary Guidelines for Americans "to consume five or more servings per day" of fruits and vegetables to promote beneficial cardiovascular health. 
High antioxidant intakes are inversely related to risk for many diseases. However, there is no comprehensive instrument that captures consumption of antioxidant nutrients from both foods and dietary supplements. This report examines the validity of a newly developed questionnaire assessing self-reported dietary and supplemental intakes of antioxidant nutrients (carotenoids, vitamin C, and vitamin E). Between March and December 2005, participants (n=164), 20 to 45 years old, completed the new 92-item antioxidant nutrient questionnaire, a demographic/health questionnaire, four 24-hour dietary recalls, a dietary supplement inventory, and provided semi-fasting blood samples that were analyzed for plasma antioxidant levels. Data analyses included descriptive statistics, correlation coefficients, and linear regression. Mean age of participants was 31.9 years, 51% were African American, and 52% were female. Median antioxidant intakes from the questionnaire and mean of the four recalls were generally comparable. Adjusted Pearson's correlations of questionnaire- and recall-derived intakes ranged from r=0.06 to r=0.56; correlations for the questionnaire and biomarkers ranged from r=0.10 to r=0.33. Agreement rates for classification of intakes from the questionnaire and recalls into the same/adjacent quartiles were 65% to 89%; misclassification to the opposite quartile was rare (range=0 to 12%). For most nutrients, there were linear trends of increasing plasma concentrations with higher questionnaire-derived intakes (P<0.01). Correlations of supplement use between the questionnaire and a supplement inventory were r=0.33 to r=0.84. The new antioxidant nutrient questionnaire demonstrated good validity for collecting self-reported antioxidant nutrient intakes from foods and supplements in both whites and African Americans. The study also underscores the importance of examining the performance characteristics of dietary assessment instruments separately in different population subgroups.
Daily dietary intake of perfluorinated chemicals (PFCs) in relation to serum levels was assessed by determination of nine PFCs including perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) in matched daily diet duplicates and serum samples. Diet and serum were collected in year 2004 from 20 women in Osaka and Miyagi, Japan. Only PFOS and PFOA were detected in the diet samples and no significant difference between cities was seen. After adjusted by water content, diet concentration of PFOA was significantly higher in Osaka. The median daily intake calculated using the measured diet concentrations was 1.47 ng PFOS/kg b.w. and 1.28 ng PFOA/kg b.w. for Osaka, and 1.08 ng PFOS/kg b.w. and 0.72 ng PFOA/kg b.w. for Miyagi. A significant difference between cities was seen for the serum concentrations with median of 31 ng/mL PFOS and PFOA in Osaka, compared to 14 ng/mL PFOS and 4.6 ng/mL PFOA in Miyagi. Carboxylates such as perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA) and perfluoroundecanoic acid (PFUnDA) were also detected in serum at median levels 6.9 ng/mL and 3.2 ng/mL (Osaka), and 2.8 ng/mL and 5.1 ng/mL (Miyagi). Based on one-compartment model under steady state, dietary intake of PFOS and PFOA accounted for only 22.4% and 23.7% of serum levels in Osaka females, and in contrast 92.5% and 110.6% in Miyagi females, respectively.
BACKGROUND: We evaluated the associations of smoking, alcohol consumption, and physical activity with sex steroid hormone concentrations among 1,275 men > or =20 years old who participated in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III). METHODS: Serum concentrations of testosterone, estradiol, and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) were measured. We compared geometric mean concentrations across levels of smoking, alcohol, and physical activity using multiple linear regression. RESULTS: Current smokers had higher total testosterone (5.42, 5.10, and 5.26 ng/ml in current, former, and never smokers), free testosterone (0.110, 0.102, and 0.104 ng/ml), total estradiol (40.0, 34.5, and 33.5 pg/ml), and free estradiol (1.05, 0.88, and 0.84 pg/ml) compared with former and never smokers (all p < or = 0.05). Men who consumed > or =1 drink/day had lower SHBG than men who drank less frequently (31.5 vs. 34.8 nmol/l, p = 0.01); total (p-trend = 0.08) and free testosterone (p-trend = 0.06) increased with number of drinks per day. Physical activity was positively associated with total (p-trend = 0.01) and free testosterone (p-trend = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In this nationally representative sample of men, smoking, alcohol, and physical activity were associated with hormones and SHBG, thus these factors should be considered as possible confounders or upstream variables in studies of hormones and men's health, including prostate cancer. 
Dietary therapy is an important treatment component for diabetes mellitus (DM). In this study, the impact of three different commercially available diet regiments (1 general use and 2 aimed for treating obesity and DM) on short-term post-prandial serum glucose and insulin concentrations of five healthy cats to better understand what impact each of these diets may have for diabetic cats. The diet regiments used in this study were as follows: C/D dry (General Use- Low protein, High fat, High carbohydrate, and Low fiber), M/D dry (DM- High protein, High fat, Low carbohydrate, and High Fiber), and W/D dry (DM- Low Protein, Low Fat, High Carbohydrate, and High Fiber). No significant difference in post-prandial serum glucose levels were observed with the C/D (84.6 +/- 1.5 mg/dl) and W/D (83.8 +/- 1.4 mg/dl) dry diets when compared to pre-prandial fasting levels (83.9 +/- 1.4 mg/dl). However, a significant reduction was observed with the M/D diet (78.9 +/- 0.8 mg/dl) which had 50-60% less carbohydrates than either C/D or W/D diet. Unlike what was observed with post-prandial glucose levels, an interesting pattern emerged with post-prandial insulin levels, which were increasing with W/D, C/D, and M/D diets in that order (1.1 +/- 0.2, 1.7 +/- 0.2, and 2.3 +/- 0.2 ng/ml respectively). Most surprising, though, was the fact that the W/D diet did not seem to stimulate insulin secretion as compared to pre-prandial levels (1.1 +/- 0.1 ng/ml) in healthy cats. Interestingly, the W/D diet had high levels of carbohydrate and low levels of protein. Coincidentally, the only diet (M/D) which had a significant reduction in post-prandial glucose also showed the highest increase in post-prandial insulin in healthy cats. Therefore, dietary amounts of carbohydrate, fat, protein and fiber can all have an individual impact on post-prandial glycemia and subsequent insulin requirement levels. Just as concepts regarding dietary management of people with DM are evolving, investigators are reassessing what constitutes the ideal diet for the diabetic feline. As such, having a better understanding for each dietary component, may lead us to better understand how we can synergize certain dietary components to aid in DM management.
Twenty-five, castrated male Holstein-cross calves, between 4 and 5 months of age, weighing 156.5+/-12.2 kg and reared under conditions designed to minimise the risk of parasitic infection, were allocated to one of the five treatment groups on the basis of initial bodyweight. The groups were (1) ad libitum (ad lib) fed controls (ALC); (2) ad lib fed infected (INF) and treated with topical eprinomectin on Day 56; (3) controls pair-fed with the INF group (PFC); (4) ad lib fed controls treated with eprinomectin on Days 0 and 56 (E-ALC) and (5) ad lib fed, infected and treated with eprinomectin on Days 0 and 56 (E-INF). Infection comprised a trickle infection with the equivalent of 10,000 larvae of Ostertagia ostertagi per day from Day 0 to Day 56 and the study concluded on Day 77. Parameters measured throughout the study included: liveweight, feed intake, faecal egg counts; plasma pepsinogen, gastrin, ghrelin and leptin; plasma antibodies to adult O. ostertagi. No significant differences in feed intake or liveweight gain were observed between any of the different groups, a finding thought to result from the high quality of feed offered. Significant differences between the INF and control groups however were observed in faecal egg counts, plasma pepsinogen, gastrin and O. ostertagi antibodies, which were all elevated, and leptin, which was reduced. Values of these parameters for the E-INF group were intermediate between the INF and ALC groups. Plasma ghrelin showed no association with either feed intake or parasitism. Further studies are needed to fully elucidate the roles of various biochemical and neuroendocrine mediators for inappetence in ruminants with parasitic gastroenteritis.
Since data concerning the toxicity and pharmacokinetics of concomitant repeated administration of grapefruit juice (GFJ) and simvastatin are lacking, we performed a chronic study in rats over a 4-week period using two different strengths (regular [RS] and double strength [DS]) of GFJ and two different doses of simvastatin (20 and 80 mg/kg, respectively). Both juices did not have a significant effect on the pharmacokinetic parameters of either simvastatin lactone (SVL) or its active metabolite simvastatin hydroxy acid (SVA) when administered concomitantly in a dose of 20 mg/kg over 28 days. However, when administered with 80 mg/kg simvastatin concentrations were elevated up to the last day of the study with DS-GFJ and to a lesser extent with RS-GFJ. Evaluation of toxicological parameters revealed a significant decrease in body and liver weights in groups receiving 20 mg/kg or 80 mg/kg simvastatin alone as well as in groups receiving simvastatin concomitantly with either DS- or RS-GFJ. No significant differences were detected for alanine (ALT) and aspartate (AST) aminotranferases in all groups. Chronic treatment with simvastatin significantly decreased plasma cholesterol levels (18 % for 20 mg/kg, 19 % for 80 mg/kg, respectively) as did coadministration of 80 mg/kg simvastatin with either RS-GFJ or DS-GFJ (33 %, 16 %). Interestingly, treatment with RS- or DS-GFJ alone significantly decreased plasma cholesterol levels by 22 % and 30 %, respectively. In conclusion, our results suggest that toxic effects in rats of concomitant intake of simvastatin and GFJ over 28 days are not more pronounced than those of simvastatin alone and that dose relationships between the administration of the juice and the drug may be important in determining the magnitude of the interaction.
Regulatory CD4+ CD25+Foxp3+ T cells are involved in the regulation of immune response and inhibit protective antitumor immunity. Celiac disease (CD), a food gluten-sensitive enteropathy, is considered a T-cell-mediated autoimmune disease and is generally associated with an overall increased risk of cancer in CD patients. We observed a higher percentage of circulating CD4+CD25+Foxp3+ T cells and an increased Foxp3 expression in CD4+CD25+ T cells from untreated than from treated CD patients. In co-culture, CD4+CD25+ T cells from both treated and untreated CD patients significantly suppressed the proliferation of autologous CD4+CD25(-) T cells similarly to values in healthy subjects. Our study suggests that Treg proportion and Foxp3 expression in circulating CD4+CD25+ T cells could justify the increased global risk of malignancy in CD population and support the efficacy of lifelong gluten-free diet in the reduction of the cancer risk.
Increased intake of selenium (Se) may reduce the risk of degenerative diseases including cancer but excessive intake may be toxic. Wheat is a major source of dietary Se in humans. However, the effect of Se from wheat that is agronomically biofortified with Se on biomarkers of human health status is unknown. This study aimed to investigate whether improving Se status, by increased dietary intake of Se-biofortified wheat, affects biomarkers of cancer risk, cardiovascular disease risk, oxidative stress, and immune function in healthy South Australian men. A 24-week placebo-controlled double-blind intervention was performed in healthy older men (n = 62), with increased dose of Se intake every 8 weeks. Wheat was provided as 1, 2, and 3 puffed wheat biscuits, during weeks 1-8, 9-16, and 17-24, respectively. Blood was collected to measure a wide range of disease risk biomarkers. Consumption of Se-biofortified wheat was found to increase plasma Se concentration from a baseline level of 122 to 192 microg/L following intake of three biscuits/day, which provided 267 microg Se. Platelet glutathione peroxidase, chromosome aberrations, and DNA damage in lymphocytes measured using the cytokinesis-block micronucleus cytome assay and with the Comet assay, plasma F2-isoprostanes, protein carbonyls, plasma C-reactive protein, and leukocyte number were unaffected by the improved Se status. Improvement of Se status by consumption of Se-biofortified wheat did not substantially modify the selected biomarkers of degenerative disease risk and health status in this apparently selenium-replete cohort of healthy older men in South Australia.
Adiponectin is thought to exert anti-inflammatory actions. The aim of the present work was to evaluate the association of long-term adherence to the Mediterranean diet with adiponectin levels, in a sample of cardiovascular disease-free adults. In a random sub-sample of "ATTICA" study, 532 men and women, serum adiponectin was measured. Among several sociodemographic, clinical and biological factors, adherence to the Mediterranean diet was assessed by a special diet score (MedDietSCore) that incorporated the inherent characteristics of this traditional diet. Unadjusted analysis revealed that participants who were in the highest tertile of the diet score had an average 41% higher adiponectin levels, as compared to those who were in the lowest tertile (P<.001). Multiadjusted data analysis showed that compared to the highest tertile of diet score, participants in the middle or the lowest one had an average 0.99+/-0.22 (P=.001) and 1.05+/-0.27 microg/ml (P=.001) lower adiponectin levels after adjusting for age, sex and various bioclinical factors. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with an increase on adiponectin levels. This finding may partially explain beneficial effects of this traditional healthy diet on the cardiovascular system.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate FFQ estimates of dietary intake of individual antioxidants, fruit and vegetables in comparison to plasma concentrations of each antioxidant, and to determine which individual foods are associated with plasma antioxidant concentrations. DESIGN: Dietary (alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein/zeaxanthin, lycopene, retinol, and vitamin E) intakes over 12 months were estimated from a 121-item FFQ. Correlation coefficients, corrected for within-person variability in diet and plasma antioxidants, were used to examine associations between antioxidant concentrations in diet and plasma. SETTING: Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study (MCCS). SUBJECTS: Men and women (n 3110) who were randomly selected from the MCCS. Participants were aged 36-72 years and were born in Australia, Greece, Italy or the UK. RESULTS: Correlation coefficients for the carotenoids ranged from 0.28 for lycopene to 0.46 for beta-cryptoxanthin. There was no association between dietary and plasma retinol or dietary vitamin E with plasma alpha- and gamma-tocopherol. Individual plasma carotenoid concentrations were associated with intakes of fruit and vegetables. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that the FFQ provides useful information on intakes of each of the carotenoids: alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lycopene and lutein/zeaxanthin. There was no association between diet and plasma markers of retinol or vitamin E; this may reflect the importance of factors other than intake in modifying circulating levels of these nutrients. 
The relation between alternate-day fasting (ADF) and cardioprotection remains uncertain. In the present study, we examined the ability of modified ADF, with a low-fat (LF) vs high-fat (HF) background diet, to modulate adipose tissue physiology in a way that may protect against coronary heart disease. In a 4-week study, male C57BL/6 mice were randomized to 1 of 3 groups: (1) ADF-85%-LF (85% energy restriction on fast day, ad libitum fed on feed day, on an LF diet), (2) ADF-85%-HF (same protocol but HF diet), and (3) control (ad libitum fed). Throughout the study, body weight did not differ between ADF and control animals. Proportion of subcutaneous fat increased (P < .01), whereas the proportion of visceral fat decreased (P < .01), in both ADF groups. Triglyceride (TG) synthesis was augmented (P < .05) in subcutaneous fat, but remained unchanged in visceral fat. Adiponectin concentrations were elevated (P < .05), whereas leptin and resistin levels decreased (P < .05). Aortic vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation was reduced (P < .05) by 60% and 76% on the LF and HF diets, respectively. Plasma total cholesterol, TG, and free fatty acid concentrations also decreased (P < .05). In summary, modified ADF regimens alter adipose tissue physiology (ie, body fat distribution, TG metabolism, and adipokines) in a way that may protect against coronary heart disease. These beneficial effects were noted over a wide range of fat intake, suggesting that ADF may be protective even in the presence of HF diets.
Maternal n-3 and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status may influence birth outcomes and child health. We assessed second trimester maternal diet with food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) (n=1666), mid-pregnancy maternal erythrocyte PUFA concentrations (n=1550), and umbilical cord plasma PUFA concentrations (n=449). Mean (SD) maternal intake of total n-3 PUFA was 1.17 g/d (0.43), docosahexaenoic and eicosapentaenoic acids (DHA+EPA) 0.16 g/d (0.17), and total n-6 PUFA 12.25 g/d (3.25). Mean maternal erythrocyte and cord plasma PUFA concentrations were 7.0% and 5.2% (total n-3), 5.0% and 4.6% (DHA+EPA), and 27.9% and 31.4% (total n-6). Mid-pregnancy diet-blood and blood-blood correlations were strongest for DHA+EPA (r=0.38 for diet with maternal blood, r=0.34 for diet with cord blood, r=0.36 for maternal blood with cord blood), and less strong for n-6 PUFA. The FFQ is a reliable measure of elongated PUFA intake, although inter-individual variation is present.
BACKGROUND: Circulating estrogens and androgens are important factors in the development of various female cancers. Caffeine intake may decrease risk of breast and ovarian cancer, although the data are not entirely consistent. Whether or not caffeine affects cancer risk by altering sex hormone levels is currently unknown. METHODS: We examined the relationship of caffeine, coffee, decaffeinated coffee, and tea with plasma concentrations of estrogens, androgens, progesterone, prolactin, and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) in 524 premenopausal and 713 postmenopausal women from the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and NHSII. RESULTS: In premenopausal women, caffeine intake was inversely associated with luteal total and free estradiol, and positively associated with luteal progesterone levels (P-trend = .02, .01, .03, respectively). Coffee intake was significantly associated with lower luteal total and free estradiol levels, but not luteal progesterone levels (P-trend = .007, .004, .20, respectively). Among the postmenopausal women, there was a positive association between caffeine and coffee intake and SHBG levels (P-trend = .03 and .06, respectively). No significant associations were detected with the other hormones. CONCLUSIONS: Data from this cross-sectional study suggest that caffeine may alter circulating levels of luteal estrogens and SHBG, representing possible mechanisms by which coffee or caffeine may be associated with pre- and postmenopausal malignancies, respectively. Future studies evaluating how caffeine-mediated alterations in sex hormones and binding protein levels affect the risk of female cancers are warranted. 
A number of 252, 70 week old, single comb white leghorn hens at the end of their first production cycle were divided into two groups: group-I; molted by fasting and group-II; by high dietary zinc to obtain the second and third production cycle. Sampling was carried out at 5%, peak and end of the second production cycle and at 5% and peak of the third production cycle. Serum zinc decreased at the peak of the second production cycle, while increased at the 5% of the third production cycle in zinc-molted group. Serum copper and manganese increased at the 5% and peak of the second production cycle in zinc-molted group. Egg albumin zinc and copper increased at the 5% and peak of the second as well as third production cycles in zinc-molted group. Egg albumin manganese increased at 5% during the second production cycle in fasting molted group. Egg yolk zinc increased at the peak of the second production cycle in zinc-molted group. Egg yolk copper increased at the 5% of second production cycle but decreased during the third production cycle in zinc-molted group. Egg yolk manganese increased at the 5% and at the end of the second production cycle in zinc molted group. Egg yolk manganese and iron decreased during the third production cycle in zinc-molted group. Eggshell zinc decreased at the end of the second production cycle in the zinc-molted group, while eggshell copper increased at the peak of the second as well as third production cycles in fasting molted group.
BACKGROUND: The pathogenesis of IgA glomerulonephritis (IgAGN) involves intense deposition of IgAs within the glomerulus. Although previous studies have shown that heavy drinking frequently leads to the generation of IgA antibodies against neo-antigens induced by ethanol metabolites and tissue deposition of IgAs, the associations between alcohol consumption, IgA immune responses, and kidney disease have not been examined. METHODS: A total of 158 IgAGN patients (96 men, 62 women) were classified as abstainers (n = 38), moderate drinkers (n = 114), and heavy drinkers (n = 6) based on self-reported alcohol consumption. The reference population included 143 individuals (99 men, 44 women) who were either apparently healthy abstainers (n = 31), moderate drinkers (n = 43), or heavy drinkers devoid of liver disease (n = 69). The assessments included various biomarkers of alcohol consumption: carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT), glutamyl transferase, gamma-CDT (combination of GGR and CDT), mean corpuscular volume (MCV), tests for liver and kidney function, serum immunoglobulin A (IgA), and specific IgA antibodies against acetaldehyde-protein adducts. RESULTS: In male IgAGN patients, drinking status was significantly associated with MCV, p < 0.001; CDT, p < 0.01; and gamma -CDT, p < 0.05. In the reference population, all biomarkers and anti-adduct IgA levels were found to vary according to drinking status. In IgAGN patients, anti-adduct IgA levels were elevated in 63% of the cases but the titers did not associate with self-reported ethanol intake. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate high levels of IgA antibodies against acetaldehyde-derived antigens in IgAGN patients, which may hamper the use of the immune responses as markers of alcohol consumption among such patients. Future studies on the pathogenic and prognostic significance of anti-adduct immune responses in IgAGN patients are warranted. 
We sought to determine whether taurine could specifically protect against coronary artery disease during an atherogenic diet and whether taurine affects the lipid profile, metabolites of methionine, and endothelial atherogenic systems. Rabbits were fed one of the following diets for 4 weeks: (1) control diet; (2) 0.5% cholesterol+1.0% methionine; or (3) 0.5% cholesterol+1.0% methionine+2.5% taurine. Endothelial function was examined, and the left main coronary artery atherosclerosis was quantified by stereology and semiquantitative immunohistochemistry to determine the endothelial expression of proteins related to the NO, renin-angiotensin, endoplasmic reticulum, and oxidative stress systems, as well as apoptosis. Taurine normalized hyperhomocysteinemia (P<0.05) and significantly reduced hypermethioninemia (P<0.05) but not lipidemia. The intima:media ratio was reduced by 28% (P=0.034), and atherosclerosis was reduced by 64% (P=0.012) and endothelial cell apoptosis by 30% (P<0.01). Endothelial cell CCAAT/enhancer binding protein homologous protein was normalized (P<0.05). Taurine failed to improve hyperlipidemia, endothelial function, or endothelial proteins related to the NO, renin-angiotensin, and oxidative stress systems. Taurine reduces left main coronary artery wall pathology associated with decreased plasma total homocysteine, methionine, apoptosis, and normalization of CCAAT/enhancer binding protein homologous protein. These results elucidate the antiapoptotic and antiatherogenic properties of taurine, possibly via normalization of endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Active celiac disease is associated with positive endomysial (EMA) and tissue transglutaminase (TTG) antibodies, elevated zonulin levels, and increased intestinal permeability. There is little known about what happens to these immunologic and structural abnormalities in patients on a gluten-free diet and their correlation with small-bowel biopsy changes. Adult patients previously diagnosed with celiac disease and on a gluten-free diet for greater than 1 year were considered for the study. All patients underwent the following: measurement of EMA and TTG antibodies, serum zonulin levels, intestinal permeability (IP) testing with lactulose/mannitol ratios, food diary analysis for gluten ingestion and small- bowel biopsy. A total of 21 patients on a gluten-free diet for a mean of 9.7 years completed the study. There were ten patients who had normalization of intestinal biopsies, IP and TTG, and EM antibodies. Six patients had Marsh type 2 or 3 lesions and all had either abnormal IP (5/6) or TTG antibody (4/6). In patients with Marsh type 3 lesions, there was a correlation between IP and zonulin levels. A subgroup of patients with celiac disease on a gluten-free diet has complete normalization of intestinal biopsies, intestinal permeability defects, and antibody levels. Patients with Marsh type 3 lesions have abnormal TTG antibodies and intestinal permeability with zonulin levels that correlate with IP. These abnormalities may be due to continued gluten ingestion. Further study is needed to determine the clinical utility of TTG antibodies and IP testing in following patients with celiac disease.
The cardioprotective effects of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and fish consumption have been observed. However, data on the specific associations of these dietary factors with inflammation and endothelial activation are sparse. A cross-sectional study was conducted of 5,677 men and women from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) cohort, including African Americans, Caucasians, Chinese, and Hispanics aged 45 to 84 years and free of clinical cardiovascular disease. Dietary information was collected using a self-administered food frequency questionnaire. Multivariate linear regression analyses were used to examine relations between the intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs, nonfried fish, and fried fish and biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation. Long-chain n-3 PUFA intake was inversely associated with plasma concentrations of interleukin-6 (p = 0.01) and matrix metalloproteinase-3 (p = 0.03) independent of age, body mass index, physical activity, smoking, alcohol consumption, and dietary variables. Nonfried fish consumption was inversely related to C-reactive protein (p = 0.045) and interleukin-6 (p <0.01), and fried fish consumption was inversely related to soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (p <0.01) but was not associated with other biomarkers after adjustment for potential confounders. In conclusion, the results of this study suggest that the dietary intake of long-chain n-3 PUFAs and fish is inversely associated with concentrations of some biomarkers, reflecting lower levels of inflammation and endothelial activation. These results may partially explain the cardioprotective effects of fish consumption.
This study was designed with the aim to compare sensitivity and specificity of ethyl glucuronide in hair (HEtG) and carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) in serum as markers of heavy drinking. Eighty-six volunteers, including teetotalers, social, and heavy drinkers, were interviewed to evaluate their ethanol daily intake (EDI) during the last 2-week and 3-month periods. HEtG determination was performed by a fully validated LC-MS-MS procedure and ranged from <LOD (2 pg/mg) to 890.5 pg/mg. CDT was measured by immunonephelometry or by HPLC. Sensitivity and specificity of the two markers as indicators of an EDI higher than 60 g/day were calculated, with cut-off at 27 pg/mg (HEtG) and 2.5% (CDT). Considering the EDI of the last 2 weeks, HEtG showed equal selectivity (0.93 for both HEtG and CDT-immunonephelometry; 0.70 for both HEtG and CDT-HPLC) and 2 times the sensitivity of either of the two CDT methods (1.00 vs. 0.44 for CDT-immunonephelometry; 0.96 vs. 0.50 for CDT-HPLC). The same difference in performances but with higher absolute sensitivity and selectivity values for HEtG were observed considering the EDI of the last 3-months (selectivity: 1.00 for both HEtG and CDT-immunonephelometry, 0.89 and 0.78 for HEtG and CDT-HPLC, respectively; sensitivity: 1.00 vs. 0.47 for CDT-immunonephelometry; 0.98 vs. 0.51 for CDT-HPLC). Our results indicate that HEtG, as compared to CDT measured using different methods, is a selective marker of ethanol heavy chronic use providing considerably higher sensitivity.
Little data exist on vitamin D deficiency related with intake, especially for the Canadian population. The purpose of this study was to develop and evaluate a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) with 37 items for rapid assessment of vitamin D intake in healthy young adults of diverse ancestry. We recruited 107 subjects in Southern Ontario during the late winter of 2007 who completed an FFQ twice (FFQ-1 and FFQ-2, repeated for reproducibility assessment) and a 7-day food diary (for validation). Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D), the major biomarker of vitamin D nutritional status, and skin melanin were determined. The FFQ results were highly correlated with 7-day diary results and with serum 25(OH)D concentrations (r = 0.529, P < .001; r = 0.481, P < .001, respectively). Modifications to the FFQ, by redefining the large serving size and excluding the fortified orange juice category, improved the validity of the FFQ (r = 0.602, P < .001; r = 0.520, P < .001, respectively). The FFQ results were highly correlated (r = 0.663, P < .001), but the mean intakes were different (P < .05). Using results from a modified version of FFQ-1, we examined dietary intakes in 3 predominant groups: East Asian (n = 27), European (n = 31), and South Asian (n = 32). The European group had higher total vitamin D intake (P < .05) and the highest serum 25(OH)D concentrations (P < .05), with a trend for dairy products being responsible for this (P < .10). Because Canadians are reliant on dietary intakes of vitamin D in the wintertime, especially those with higher skin melanin, our FFQ can monitor and provide information on intake and food group consumption.
Circulating concentrations of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF binding proteins (IGFBP) have been associated with the risk of several types of cancer. Dietary correlates of IGF-I and IGFBPs are not yet well established. The objective of this study was to assess the association between dietary intake and serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2, and IGFBP-3 in a cross-sectional analysis of 4,731 men and women taking part in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. Diet was assessed using country-specific validated dietary questionnaires. Serum concentrations of IGF-I, IGFBP-1, IGFBP-2 and IGFBP-3 were measured, and the associations between diet and IGF-I and IGFBPs were assessed using multiple linear regression adjusting for sex, age, body mass index, smoking status, and alcohol and energy intake. Each 1 SD increment increase in total and dairy protein and calcium intake was associated with an increase in IGF-I concentration of 2.5%, 2.4%, and 3.3%, respectively (P for trend <0.001 for all) and a decrease in IGFBP-2 of 3.5%, 3.5%, and 5.4% (P for trend <0.001 for all), respectively. There were no significant associations between the intake of protein or calcium from nondairy sources and IGF-I. The results from this large cross-sectional analysis show that either the intake of dairy protein or calcium is an important dietary determinant of IGF-I and IGFBP-2 concentrations; however, we suggest that it is more likely to be protein from dairy products.
Epidemiologic research is increasingly being focused on elderly persons, many of whom exhibit mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment. This presents a challenge for collection and interpretation of self-reported dietary data. There are few reports on the impact of cognitive function and dementia on the validity of self-reported dietary intakes. Using plasma phospholipid fatty acid profiles as a biomarker of intake, the authors assessed the validity of an interviewer-administered food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to estimate intakes of 2 marine-based omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), among 273 community-dwelling adults aged > or =60 years participating in the Nutrition, Aging, and Memory in Elders Study (Boston, Massachusetts, 2002-2008). Age- and energy-adjusted Pearson correlation coefficients for correlations between dietary intakes and plasma phospholipids were consistent across categories of high and low cognitive function (r = 0.48), based on Mini-Mental State Examination score, and were similar across clinically diagnosed categories of normal functioning (r = 0.49), mild cognitive impairment (r = 0.45), and dementia (r = 0.52). The FFQ ranked 78% of subjects to within 1 quartile of their plasma phospholipid EPA + DHA quartile. This frequency was consistently high across all cognitive categories. With interviewer administration, this FFQ seems to be a valid method of assessing dietary EPA + DHA intake in older adults with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment.
The Thr54 allele of the intestinal fatty acid-binding protein Ala54Thr functional polymorphism (FABP2) is associated with increased fat oxidation and insulin resistance. We determined the cross-sectional associations of the FABP2 gene with lipid levels and insulin resistance in 2148 participants who completed the year-20 examination of the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study. No significant difference in total cholesterol, low-density or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to total cholesterol ratio, or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was found between FABP2 genotypes. However, in the presence of a high-saturated fat diet (>/=53.2 g/d, the 90th percentile for the population), the AA/AG genotypes (carriers of the Thr54 allele) of FABP2 had statistically significantly higher levels of log(HOMA-IR) (P = .006) and a lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol to total cholesterol ratio (P = .03), and borderline statistically significantly higher levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and log(triglycerides) (P values = .08, .07, and .05, respectively) compared with those with the GG genotype (Ala54 homozygotes). Lipid levels and log(HOMA-IR) did not vary by genotype with saturated fat intake less than 53.2 g/d. Limiting dietary saturated fat intake may be particularly important among carriers of the A allele of FABP2.
A randomised, parallel-design dietary intervention study was conducted in women (aged 45-75 years) with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension. The aim was to compare the effects on bone turnover of a low-Na base-producing (LNAB) Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-type diet (including six serves lean red meat/week) with a high-carbohydrate low-fat (HCLF) diet with a higher acid load (both >800 mg dietary Ca/d). Fasting serum bone markers (baseline and week 14) and 24 h urinary electrolyte excretion (baseline, weeks 4, 8, 12 and 14) were measured. After the intervention period, the LNAB group (n 46) had a fall of 26 (sem 6) % (P < 0.0001) in urinary Na, an increase in K excretion (6.8 (sem 3.6) mmol/d; P = 0.07) and, compared with the HCLF group (n 49), a greater reduction in urinary Ca excretion by 0.7 (sem 0.3) mmol/d. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, intact parathyroid hormone and osteocalcin did not change, and both groups had a similar increase of 23 (sem 5) % (P < 0.0001) in C-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen. The HCLF group had an 11 (sem 4) % increase (P = 0.003) in N-terminal propeptide, type I procollagen, which could indicate an increased rate of bone turnover. The fall in urinary Ca with the lower-Na lower-acid load diet is likely to have long-term beneficial effects on bone. As bone resorption was not different between the two dietary patterns with relatively high Ca intake, the effect on bone health of a dietary pattern with a lower acid load warrants further study on a lower Ca intake.
We investigated the effect of the -278A>C polymorphism in the CYP7A1 gene on the response of plasma lipids to a reduced-fat diet for 6 to 8 weeks in a group of 82 dyslipidemic males with a mean age of 46.0 +/- 11.7 years. Individuals who presented at least one high alteration in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglyceride values were considered to be dyslipidemic. Exclusion criteria were secondary dyslipidemia due to diabetes mellitus, renal, liver, or thyroid disease. None of the subjects were using lipid-lowering medication. Baseline and follow-up lipid concentrations were measured. The genotypes were determined by the digestion of PCR products with the BsaI restriction endonuclease. There were statistically significant reductions in plasma total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations after dietary intervention. The minor allele C has a frequency of 43%. Carriers of the C allele had significantly lower triglyceride concentrations (P = 0.02) than AA homozygotes. After adjustment of covariates, subjects with the AC and CC genotypes showed a greater reduction in triglyceride concentrations compared to subjects with the AA genotype. Multiple linear regression analyses showed that the AC and CC CYP7A1 genotypes accounted for 5.2 and 6.2% of triglyceride concentration during follow-up and adjusted percent of change of triglyceride concentration, respectively. The present study provides evidence that -278A>C polymorphism in the CYP7A1 gene can modify triglyceride concentrations in response to a reduced fat diet in a dyslipidemic male population. This gene represents a potential locus for a nutrigenetic directed approach.
OBJECTIVE: Although associations between dietary HCA intake and colorectal cancer risk have been investigated, results have been suggestive but inconsistent. The aim of this hospital-based case-control study was to examine the impact of heterocyclic amine (HCA) intake on colorectal cancer risk. A further objective was to investigate the possible effect of genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 on colorectal cancer. MATERIAL AND METHODS: HCA exposure data were assessed using a self-administered food frequency questionnaire, and estimated HCA intake was verified by measuring the PhIP value in human hair. A total of 117 cases and 238 controls were included in these analyses. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated using conditional logistic regression analysis to compare intake levels between the first and third tertiles. RESULTS: No statistically significant increase in the risk of colorectal cancer with respect to total HCA intake was shown by analysis (OR = 0.99, 95% CI = 0.21-4.81). Furthermore, no association with risk was seen for individual HCAs, including PhIP, MeIQ, and MeIQx. Although variant alleles of CYP1A2 were associated with colorectal cancer (OR = 0.27; 95% CI = 0.07-0.99), genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 did not influence the association of HCA intake with colorectal cancer. CONCLUSIONS: In the present study in subjects with low HCA exposure and with a limited sample size, no association was found between HCA intake and colorectal cancer, or any evidence of influence by genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2. 
This paper presents some of the most commonly utilized indicators to assess food and nutritional status. With respect to the indicators reflecting food access, those addressing poverty as well as food consumption are included. In addition, a variety of serum biochemical measures for the estimation of iron nutritional status and anemia are discussed; it is recommended that some of these be adjusted to account for sex, age, physiological status, and altitude above sea level.
The validity of self-reported dietary intake is critical to the design and interpretation of diet-disease investigations. For many nutrients, there are no ideal methods to establish validity, given correlated error between reference and assessment tools, and constraints on time and resources available to perform such studies. Therefore, we quantified associations between macronutrient intakes and plasma HDL-cholesterol and TAG, relying on known associations between these factors to test the criterion validity of the FFQ used in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA). Baseline dietary macronutrient intakes (derived from 120-item FFQ), and fasting plasma HDL and TAG were measured in 4510 MESA participants, aged 45-84 years. After adjusting for non-dietary factors known to affect plasma lipid concentrations, greater carbohydrate intake was associated with lower HDL and higher TAG (beta per 5-unit change in percentage energy intake from carbohydrate = - 5 (se 1) mg/l (P < 0.001) for HDL and 15 (se 6) mg/l (P = 0.008) for TAG), whereas higher energy intake from fat was associated with higher HDL and lower TAG (beta per 5-unit change in percentage energy from fat = 3.7 (se 2) mg/l (P = 0.01) for HDL and beta = 19 (se 7) mg/l (P = 0.004) for TAG). Associations of dietary carbohydrate and fat intakes with HDL and TAG concentrations were consistent with previous studies, demonstrating criterion validity of these dietary measures in the MESA.
BACKGROUND: Dairy products are high in saturated fat and are traditionally a risk factor for vascular diseases. The fatty acids 15:0 and 17:0 of plasma lipids are biomarkers of milk fat intake. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the risk of a first-ever stroke in relation to the plasma milk fat biomarkers. METHODS: A prospective case-control study was nested within two population based health surveys in Northern Sweden. Among 129 stroke cases and 257 matched controls, plasma samples for fatty acid analyses were available in 108 cases and 216 control subjects. Proportions of 15:0 and 17:0 of plasma lipids, weight, height, blood lipids, blood pressures, and lifestyle data were employed in conditional logistic regression modelling. RESULTS: The proportions of fatty acids 17:0 and 15:0+17:0 of total plasma phospholipids were significantly higher in female controls than cases, but not in men. 17:0 and 15:0+17:0 were significantly and inversely related to stroke in the whole study sample as well as in women. The standardised odds ratio (95% CI) in women to have a stroke was 0.41 (0.24-0.69) for 17:0 in plasma phospholipids. Adjustment for traditional cardiovascular risk factors, physical activity and diet had marginal effects on the odds ratios. A similar, but non-significant, trend was seen in men. CONCLUSION: It is hypothesised that dairy or milk fat intake may be inversely related to the risk of a first event of stroke. The intriguing results of this study should be interpreted with caution. Follow up studies with greater power, and where intakes are monitored both by dietary recordings and fatty acid markers are needed. 
Human subjects drank coffee containing 412 mumol of chlorogenic acids, and plasma and urine were collected 0 to 24 h after ingestion and were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Within 1 h, some of the components in the coffee reached nanomole peak plasma concentrations (C(max)), whereas chlorogenic acid metabolites, including caffeic acid-3-O-sulfate and ferulic acid-4-O-sulfate and sulfates of 3- and 4-caffeoylquinic acid lactones, had higher C(max) values. The short time to reach C(max) (T(max)) indicates absorption of these compounds in the small intestine. In contrast, dihydroferulic acid, its 4-O-sulfate, and dihydrocaffeic acid-3-O-sulfate exhibited much higher C(max) values (145-385 nM) with T(max) values in excess of 4 h, indicating absorption in the large intestine and the probable involvement of catabolism by colonic bacteria. These three compounds, along with ferulic acid-4-O-sulfate and dihydroferulic acid-4-O-glucuronide, were also major components to be excreted in urine (8.4-37.1 mumol) after coffee intake. Feruloylglycine, which is not detected in plasma, was also a major urinary component (20.7 mumol excreted). Other compounds, not accumulating in plasma but excreted in smaller quantities, included the 3-O-sulfate and 3-O-glucuronide of isoferulic acid, dihydro(iso)ferulic acid-3-O-glucuronide, and dihydrocaffeic acid-3-O-glucuronide. Overall, the 119.9 mumol excretion of the chlorogenic acid metabolites corresponded to 29.1% of intake, indicating that as well as being subject to extensive metabolism, chlorogenic acids in coffee are well absorbed. Pathways for the formation of the various metabolites within the body are proposed. Urinary dihydrocaffeic acid-3-O-sulfate and feruloylglycine are potentially very sensitive biomarkers for the consumption of relatively small amounts of coffee.
BACKGROUND: Elevated blood pressure at a young age is a predictor of blood pressure elevation later in life and has been associated with being overweight. However, it seems that there are other factors related to hypertension in childhood. OBJECTIVE: To determine the anthropometric, physical activity, and dietary factors associated with both systolic and diastolic hypertension in a group of Mexican school-aged children. DESIGN: In this cross-sectional descriptive study, blood pressure, anthropometrics, physical activity, and dietary intake (assessed with a multiple-pass 24-hour dietary recall) evaluations were performed on school-aged children from September 2005 to July 2006. SUBJECTS: Children aged 8 to 10 years (626 boys and 613 girls) from a convenience sample of 23 public schools of low socioeconomic status in Mexico City were included. Systolic and diastolic hypertension were defined as blood pressure > or = 95th percentile for age, sex, and height, without diastolic or systolic prehypertension or hypertension, respectively. Mixed hypertension was defined as the presence of both systolic and diastolic hypertension. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Descriptive statistics, chi(2) tests, analysis of variance, post hoc analysis with Bonferroni method, and logistic regression analysis were performed. Continuous variables are presented as mean+/-standard deviation, categorical variables as percentages, and the association measures as adjusted odds ratios (ORs). A P value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant, and 95% confidence intervals were calculated for adjusted ORs. RESULTS: The dietary intake analysis showed that both boys and girls had low fiber intake (< 25 g/day) as well as an excessive mean consumption of total and saturated fat (> 35% and > 10% of daily energy, respectively). From the total group of children, 3.6% had systolic hypertension, 14.2% diastolic hypertension, and 22.8% mixed hypertension. The higher values of weight, body mass index, waist circumference, and prevalence of overweight and obesity were more commonly seen among children with mixed hypertension, followed by children in the systolic group. Subjects with diastolic and mixed hypertension had an elevated intake of dietary total fat (37.7% and 38.2% of daily energy intake, respectively). Moreover, an adjusted OR of 1.06 (95% confidence interval 1.01 to 1.11) for systolic hypertension per increase of 1 cm in waist diameter was found and total fat intake > 35% of the daily energy showed an adjusted OR of 2.61 (95% confidence interval 1.27 to 5.36) for diastolic hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: In a sample of Mexican children of low socioeconomic status, the prevalence of hypertension was high. Waist circumference was the main factor associated with systolic hypertension, and higher intake of total fat was related to diastolic hypertension. 
Dietary modification is, in general, the preferred method when attempting reductions in blood pressure (BP) among adults. In children, however, few studies, have examined the relationship between dietary patterns and levels of BP, and the reported results are conflicting. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between levels of Foods E-KINDEX score and levels of BP in children. Measurements included BP, height, weight, and waist circumference. Diet quality was assessed by the Foods E-KINDEX diet score. The index includes 13 components that assess consumption frequency of 11 major food groups or foods, as well as two cooking techniques (fried and grilled foods). Its score ranges between 0 and 37. A subsample of 622 Cypriot children (mean age=11.7+/-0.83 years) from the CYKIDS national cross-sectional study was used. Logistic regression analysis was performed in order to examine the relationship of systolic BP, diastolic BP, and BP with diet quality (as assessed by the Foods E-KINDEX score). The median systolic BP and diastolic BP were 110 mm Hg (interquartile range [IQR]=100 to 120 mm Hg) and 68 mm Hg (IQR=60 to 70 mm Hg) for boys and 110 mm Hg (IQR=100 to 120 mm Hg) and 63 mm Hg (IQR=60 to 70 mm Hg) for girls, respectively. Mean Foods E-KINDEX score was 23.4+/-4.9 in boys and 24.3+/-4.8 in girls (P=0.487). Compared with children with a low diet score, those with at least an average Foods E-KINDEX score were 57% (odds ratio=0.43; 95% confidence interval: 0.19 to 0.98) less likely to have elevated systolic BP levels, regardless of various potential confounders. The Foods E-KINDEX score is independently associated with lower BP among healthy children. This finding might have implications in public health and should be further explored.
Genetic relationships of measures of residual feed intake and daily feed intake with serum IGF-I concentrations at 8 wk of age and at 105 kg of BW, serum leptin concentration at 105 kg of BW, meat quality, and different fat accumulation traits on 834 Duroc pigs in 7 generations were estimated. Two measures of residual feed intake were estimated from the differences between actual and predicted feed intake: phenotypic residual feed intake (RFI(phe)) and nutritional residual feed intake (RFI(nut)). Meat quality traits included drip loss, cooking loss, pork color score, pork lightness (L*), and pH, whereas fat accumulation traits were subcutaneous fat, intermuscular fat, and total fat percent at 5-6th thoracic vertebra; subcutaneous fat, intermuscular fat, abdominal fat, and total fat percent at one-half body length and at last thoracic vertebra, and seam fat score. The IGF-I concentrations at 8 wk of age and 105 kg of BW had weak genetic correlations with measures of residual feed intake and daily feed intake (absolute values ranging from 0.14 to 0.24). The genetic correlations between measures of residual feed intake and serum leptin concentration were strong and positive (r(g) with RFI(phe) and RFI(nut) were 0.74 and 0.80, respectively). Residual feed intake was moderately but negatively correlated with cooking loss (r(g) with RFI(phe) and RFI(nut) were -0.42 and -0.49, respectively), whereas daily feed intake was moderately and positively correlated with drip loss and pH (0.33 and 0.36, respectively). Daily feed intake was also moderately correlated with subcutaneous fat accumulations at the 5-6th thoracic vertebra (0.31) and one-half body length (0.31) regions and was strongly correlated with accumulations at the last thoracic vertebra region (0.57). The genetic correlations between daily feed intake and intermuscular fat accumulations at all of the carcass sites were strong (0.60, 0.76, and 0.56 for intermuscular fat at 5-6th thoracic vertebra, one-half body length, and last thoracic vertebra, respectively). Residual feed intake was strongly and positively correlated with all of the fat accumulation traits (ranging from 0.53 to 0.88). The results indicate that reducing residual feed intake (increased efficiency) would lead to increased cooking loss and darkness, and decreased serum leptin concentration, fat accumulations at the different sites, and seam fat at the 6th rib interface of pork carcasses.
BACKGROUND: Oxidative stress has been identified in the peritoneal fluid and peripheral blood of women with endometriosis. However, there is little information on the antioxidant intake for this group of women. The objectives of this work were 1) to compare the antioxidant intake among women with and without endometriosis and 2) to design and apply a high antioxidant diet to evaluate its capacity to reduce oxidative stress markers and improve antioxidant markers in the peripheral blood of women with endometriosis. METHODS: Women with (WEN, n = 83) and without endometriosis (WWE, n = 80) were interviewed using a Food Frequency Questionnaire to compare their antioxidant intake (of vitamins and minerals). Then, the WEN participated in the application of a control (n = 35) and high antioxidant diet (n = 37) for four months. The high antioxidant diet (HAD) guaranteed the intake of 150% of the suggested daily intake of vitamin A (1050 microg retinol equivalents), 660% of the recommended daily intake (RDI) of vitamin C (500 mg) and 133% of the RDI of vitamin E (20 mg). Oxidative stress and antioxidant markers (vitamins and antioxidant enzymatic activity) were determined in plasma every month. RESULTS: Comparison of antioxidant intake between WWE and WEN showed a lower intake of vitamins A, C, E, zinc, and copper by WEN (p < 0.05, Mann Whitney Rank test). The selenium intake was not statistically different between groups. During the study, the comparison of the 24-hour recalls between groups showed a higher intake of the three vitamins in the HAD group. An increase in the vitamin concentrations (serum retinol, alpha-tocopherol, leukocyte and plasma ascorbate) and antioxidant enzyme activity (superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase) as well as a decrease in oxidative stress markers (malondialdehyde and lipid hydroperoxides) were observed in the HAD group after two months of intervention. These phenomena were not observed in the control group. CONCLUSION: WEN had a lower intake of antioxidants in comparison to WWE. Peripheral oxidative stress markers diminished, and antioxidant markers were enhanced, in WEN after the application of the HAD. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the reliability and validity of an FFQ to evaluate dietary patterns of Na consumption among low-income and low-literacy Brazilian hypertensive subjects. DESIGN: The initial FFQ was submitted to content analysis with the pre-test administered to fifteen subjects. Reliability was evaluated according to the reproducibility criterion, with interviewer administration of the FFQ twice within a 15 d interval. Validity was assessed against a 24 h recall (132 subjects), a 3 d diet record (121 subjects) and a biomarker (24 h urinary Na; 121 subjects). To test the correlation with the biomarker, discretionary salt was added to the FFQ Na values. SETTING: A large urban teaching hospital in south-eastern Brazil. SUBJECTS: The study was based on 132 randomly selected subjects (eighty-three women and forty-nine men) aged 18 to 85 years. RESULTS: Kappa coefficients ranged from 0.79 to 0.98, confirming the reproducibility of the FFQ. There was no correlation between urinary Na excretion, the FFQ and the 24 h recall for the general sample, although significant correlations had been observed when methods were summed up (24 h recall + discretionary salt + FFQ; 0.32, P = 0.01). The addition of discretionary salt significantly improved the biomarker-based FFQ validity, with correlation coefficients varying from 0.19 (general sample) to 0.31 (female sub-sample). CONCLUSIONS: The developed FFQ demonstrated satisfactory evidence of validity and reliability and can be used as an important complementary tool for the evaluation of Na intake among Brazilian hypertensive subjects. 
OBJECTIVE: Few biomarkers for dietary intake of various food groups have been established. The aim of the present study was to explore whether selenium (Se), iodine, mercury (Hg) or arsenic may serve as a biomarker for total fish and seafood intake in addition to the traditionally used n-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA. DESIGN: Intake of fish and seafood estimated by an FFQ was compared with intake assessed by a 4 d weighed food diary and with biomarkers in blood and urine. SETTING: Validation study in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa). SUBJECTS: One hundred and nineteen women. RESULTS: Total fish/seafood intake (median 39 g/d) calculated with the MoBa FFQ was comparable to intake calculated by the food diary (median 30 g/d, rS = 0.37, P < 0.001). Erythrocyte DHA and blood Hg, Se and arsenic concentrations were positively correlated with intake of fish and seafood, but the association for DHA was weakened by the widespread use of supplements. The main finding was the consistent positive association between the intake of fish/seafood and blood arsenic concentration. In multivariate analyses, blood arsenic was associated with blood Hg and fish and seafood intake. In these models, arsenic turned out to be the best indicator of intake of fish and seafood, both totally and in subgroups of fish/seafood intake. CONCLUSIONS: While DHA reflected the intake of fatty fish and n-3 PUFA supplements, blood arsenic concentration also reflected the intake of lean fish and seafood. Blood arsenic appears to be a useful biomarker for total fish and seafood intake. 
Owing to its carcinogenic properties, benzene is one of the most important environmental air pollutants. We have applied a simple pharmacokinetic model to estimate the individual daily exposure of persons of the general population to benzene using their urinary excretion of S-phenylmercapturic acid as biomarker of exposure. On the basis of a non-representative convenience sample of the general population, spontaneous urine samples of 43 non-smoking persons, 13 persons with exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) (as determined by urinary cotinine) and 72 smokers were analyzed for S-phenylmercapturic acid, and benzene exposure was back calculated on the basis of the results. The pharmacokinetic model was based either on estimated daily urinary volume or creatinine excretion. Median daily exposure of non-smokers was calculated to be 47 microg/day (volume-based model) and 63 microg benzene/day (creatinine-based model). ETS-exposed persons had a slightly higher median daily exposure of 65 microg/day (volume-based model) and 72 microg benzene/day (creatinine-based model). The daily exposure of smokers was significantly higher with median values of 491 microg benzene/day (volume-based model) and 693 microg benzene/day (creatinine-based model). Our biomarker-based model gave plausible results for daily benzene exposure that were in good agreement with exposure estimations published earlier. As it is purely based on the determination of individual internal dose, our model provides a powerful tool for the risk assessment of environmental benzene.
This study evaluated the effect of feeding low protein (LP) diets for 7 or 14 d after weaning or a high protein (HP) diet for 14 d after weaning on postweaning diarrhea (PWD), indices of protein fermentation, and production in pigs infected or not infected per os with an enterotoxigenic strain of Escherichia coli. A total of 72 female pigs weaned at aged 21 d with initial BW of 5.9 +/- 0.12 kg were used in a 3 x 2 factorial arrangement of treatments. The factors were 3 feeding regimens associated with different combinations of feeding duration and diet CP level: (i) HP diet (256 g of CP/kg) fed for 14 d after weaning, (ii) LP diet (175 g of CP/kg) fed for 7 d after weaning, and (iii) LP diet fed for 14 d after weaning; and infection or noninfection with an enterotoxigenic strain of E. coli (10(7) cfu/mL, serotype O149:K91:K88) at 72, 96, and 120 h after weaning. The LP diets were fortified with crystalline Ile and Val to achieve an ideal AA pattern. A second-stage diet (213 g of CP/kg) was fed to pigs at the conclusion of each feeding regimen, and the study finished 4 wk after weaning. None of the diets contained antimicrobials. Feeding the LP diets decreased (P < 0.001) plasma urea nitrogen, fecal ammonia nitrogen concentrations, and the incidence of PWD, but increased (P = 0.001) fecal DM content compared with pigs fed HP in the 2-wk period after weaning. Infection increased shedding of beta-hemolytic E. coli (P < 0.001), the incidence of PWD (P < 0.001), and fecal ammonia nitrogen concentrations (P < 0.01), but did not interact with feeding regimen, after weaning. Pigs challenged with E. coli grew more slowly (P < 0.001) and had decreased G:F (P < 0.01) compared with nonchallenged pigs in the 4-wk period after weaning. Feeding an LP diet for 7 or 14 d after weaning markedly reduced the incidence of PWD after infection with beta-hemolytic E. coli. Infection was associated with decreased indices of protein fermentation in the distal gastrointestinal tract but did not compromise the growth of weaner pigs in the 4-wk period after weaning.
BACKGROUND: An inverse association between protein intake and blood pressure has been reported in Western countries. However, the evidence is limited for Asians, whose protein sources are different from those in Western populations. OBJECTIVES: The objective was to examine the association between protein intake and blood pressure in Japanese adults. METHODS: We conducted a population-based, cross-sectional study of 7585 subjects (3499 men and 4086 women) from 40 to 69 y of age living in 5 communities in Japan. Dietary intakes of total, animal, and plant protein were estimated by a single 24-h dietary recall. We then examined the associations between dietary intake of those proteins and blood pressure after adjustment for age, sex, community, body mass index, antihypertensive medication use, ethanol intake, smoking, and dietary intakes of sodium, potassium, and calcium. RESULTS: After adjustment for cardiovascular disease risk factors, a 25.5-g/d increment in total protein intake was associated with a decrease in systolic blood pressure of 1.14 mm Hg (P < 0.001) and in diastolic blood pressure of 0.65 mm Hg (P < 0.001), and a 19.9-g/d increment in animal protein intake was associated with a decrease in systolic blood pressure of 1.09 mm Hg (P < 0.001) and in diastolic blood pressure of 0.41 mm Hg (P = 0.003). A 13.1-g/d increment in plant protein intake was associated with a decrease in diastolic blood pressure of 0.57 mm Hg (P < 0.001). Further adjustment for nutritional factors weakened these associations, but the inverse associations of total protein intake with diastolic blood pressure and of animal protein intake with systolic blood pressure remained statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Total and animal protein intakes were inversely associated with blood pressure in Japanese adults. 
Acceleration of bone remodelling increases the risk of fragility fractures. The objective of the present study was to explore in elderly women whether a vitamin D and Ca-fortified dairy product providing about 17-25 % of the recommended intakes in vitamin D, Ca and proteins would reduce secondary hyperparathyroidism and bone remodelling in a way that may attenuate age-related bone loss in the long term. Thirty-seven institutionalised women, aged 84.8 (sd 8.1) years, with low serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (5.5 (sd 1.7) ng/ml) were enrolled into a multicentre open trial to consume during 1 month two servings of soft plain cheese made of semi-skimmed milk providing daily 686 kJ (164 kcal), 2.5 microg vitamin D, 302 mg Ca and 14.2 g proteins. The primary endpoint was the change in serum carboxy terminal cross-linked telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX), selected as a marker of bone resorption. Thirty-five subjects remained compliant. Mean serum changes were: 25-hydroyvitamin D, +14.5 % (P = 0.0051); parathyroid hormone (PTH), - 12.3 % (P = 0.0011); CTX, - 7.5 % (P = 0.01); tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase isoform 5b (TRAP 5b), - 9.9 % (P < 0.0001); albumin, +6.2 % (P < 0.0001); insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I),+16.9 % (P < 0.0001); osteocalcin, +8.3 % (P = 0.0166); amino-terminal propeptide of type 1 procollagen (P1NP),+19.3 % (P = 0.0031). The present open trial suggests that fortified soft plain cheese consumed by elderly women with vitamin D insufficiency can reduce bone resorption markers by positively influencing Ca and protein economy, as expressed by decreased PTH and increased IGF-I, respectively. The rise in the bone formation marker P1NP could be explained by a protein-mediated increase in IGF-I. Thus, such a dietary intervention might uncouple, at least transiently, bone resorption from bone formation and thereby attenuate age-related bone loss.
BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) does not become clinically manifest until adulthood. However, children and young adults have evidence of atheromatous lesions and fatty streaks in their aortas and coronary vessels. Most longitudinal studies in children are not designed to evaluate the dynamics of change in CVD risk factors. There is a need to describe the trajectory of CVD risk factors as growth processes, to better understand their relationships. This study assesses the associations between dietary variables and blood total cholesterol concentration (BTCC) among children and adolescents aged 8-18 years after adjustment for sexual maturation. METHODS: There were 678 boys and girls aged 8, 11, and 14 years at baseline who were followed for up to 4 years, allowing the creation of a synthetic cohort analytically, from ages 8-18 years. Multilevel modeling was used to longitudinally assess BTCC, dietary intake, Tanner stage, and BMI. RESULTS: For every 1-mg/day increase in dietary cholesterol, BTCC increased by 0.012 mg/dL. However, no associations were evident between BTCC and dietary total fat, saturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, or monounsaturated fatty acids. In girls, none of the dietary variables was significantly associated with BTCC after controlling for Tanner stage for breast. In boys, with the exception of dietary cholesterol, no other dietary variable was significantly associated with BTCC after controlling for Tanner stage for genitalia. CONCLUSIONS: Sexual maturation exerts a strong influence on BTCC in children and adolescents aged 8-18 years, obscuring most associations between diet and BTCC. The inclusion of sexual maturity stage is important in studies of blood lipids among children and adolescents. 
A new validated method for the quantitation of the abnormal phospholipid phosphatidylethanol (PEth)--a biomarker for ethanol uptake--has been developed by LC-ESI-MS/MS following miniaturised organic solvent extraction and reversed phase chromatography with phosphatidylbutanol (PBut) as internal standard. PEth homologues with two fatty acid substituents-PEth 18:1/18:1, PEth 16:0/16:0-were determined in post-mortem blood collected from heavy drinkers at autopsy and also in whole blood samples from a volunteer after a single 60 g-dose of ethanol. Furthermore, PEth 18:1/16:0 or its isobaric isomer PEth-16:0/18:1 was detected. In comparison to previous high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) methods with evaporative light scattering detection (ELSD), the LC-MS/MS-method is more sensitive--with a limit of detection below 20 ng/ml--and more selective for single PEth homologues, while ELSD has been used for detection of the sum of PEth homologues with approximately 10 times less sensitivity. LC-MS/MS enables monitoring of PEth homologues as biomarkers for harmful and prolonged alcohol consumption as with HPLC/ELSD earlier, where PEth is measurable in blood only after more than 50 g ethanol daily intake for more than 2 weeks. Because of its higher sensitivity, there is a potential to detect single heavy drinking by LC-MS/MS, when PEth is formed in very low concentrations. This opens a new field of application of PEth to uncover single or multiple heavy drinking at a lower frequency and with a larger window of detection in blood than before by HPLC/ELSD or by use of other direct markers, e.g. ethyl glucuronide or ethyl sulfate.
Trials in free-living populations involving increased consumption of fruit and vegetables are difficult to monitor. We evaluated biomarkers for assessing fruit and vegetable intake and compliance in a 2-year trial. Postmenopausal women were randomised to 300 g additional fruit and vegetables per d (n 66), placebo (n 70) or potassium citrate (n 140). They completed dietary checklists (3-monthly) and food diaries or FFQ (yearly). We measured whole-blood folate, plasma vitamin C and homocysteine (yearly), serum vitamin E and carotenoids (at 12 months) and urinary vitamin K metabolites (yearly). Plasma vitamin C was associated with fruit and vegetable intake at baseline (r +0.31; P < 0.01), remaining significant only for the non-fruit and vegetable group at 12 months (r +0.43; P < 0.01). For the fruit and vegetable group, vitamin C increased by 5.9 micromol/l (P = 0.07) but was not significantly associated with fruit and vegetable intake; vitamin E, beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin were higher compared with the non-fruit and vegetable group (P < 0.05); and whole-blood folate and the urinary 5C-aglycone metabolite of vitamin K were associated with vegetable intake. For all participants plasma vitamin C increased with increasing fruit and vegetable intakes, reaching a plateau of 90-95 micromol/l at intakes>500 g/d, whereas whole-blood folate, beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin continued to increase. Concentrations of vitamin C, folate and beta-cryptoxanthin were lower and the 7C-aglycone metabolite of vitamin K higher, in smokers compared with non-smokers. Suitable markers for monitoring fruit and vegetable compliance include beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin. Plasma vitamin C and whole-blood folate may be suitable for monitoring intakes in populations but for monitoring compliance the former may be restricted to low intakes of fruit and vegetables and the latter to vegetable intake.
OBJECTIVE: We examined the effects of commercially available unsaturated fat dietary supplements on blood lipids, and on markers of malnutrition and inflammation, in an adult population of hemodialysis (HD) patients. DESIGN: This was a restricted, randomized (equal blocks), investigator-blinded 2x6 week crossover trial, without a washout interval. SETTING: This study was conducted at the Department of Nephrology, Copenhagen University Hospital Herlev, Herlev, Denmark, in spring 2007. PATIENTS: Participants included 40 (30 males and 10 females) stable, adult patients undergoing regular HD, with a mean age of 64.6 years and a mean body mass index of 23.3kg/m(2). INTERVENTION: In addition to patients' habitual diets, oral unsaturated fat supplements (90mL of Calogen [SHS International, Ltd., Liverpool, UK] and 4 capsules of Pikasol [Dansk Droge, Ishoej, Denmark]) were given in one period, whereas no supplements were given in the other. Dietary supplements contributed 1.8 MJ (430kcal), 47g fat, 26.5g monounsaturated fatty acids, and 3g marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids per day. Blood sampling and nutritional assessments were performed at baseline, after 6 weeks, and after 12 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Dietary intakes, blood lipids, dry body weight, serum albumin, and serum C-reactive protein comprised our main outcome measures. RESULTS: According to a per-protocol analysis of 14 study completers, fat supplementation resulted in significantly increased total energy intake (+1.6 MJ/day, or 380kcal/day) and an increased dietary fat energy percentage (+9%). We observed no significant changes in blood lipids. Dry body weight (+0.49kg, P=.04) increased, and serum C-reactive protein concentration fell (-1.69mg/L, P=.01), with fat supplementation. Intention-to-treat analysis of 39 participants confirmed the absence of adverse blood-lipid changes. CONCLUSIONS: Unsaturated fat supplementation increased total dietary energy intake to recommended levels, had no adverse impact on blood lipids, improved nutritional status as assessed according to dry body weight, and reduced systemic inflammation as assessed according to C-reactive protein serum concentrations. Adding unsaturated fat to the diet seems to be a safe and effective way to prevent and treat malnutrition in hemodialysis patients. 
AIMS: To develop the first psychometrically validated Diabetes Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaire for in-patients (DTSQ-IP) and examine determinants of in-patient diabetes treatment satisfaction. METHODS: We studied 366 in-patients with insulin-treated diabetes at a single UK centre. We developed a 19-item DTSQ-IP to assess in-patient diabetes treatment satisfaction, and collected data on in-patient length of stay (LOS) and in-patient care at the same time. RESULTS: Psychometric analyses including Principal Components Analysis and Cronbach's alpha reliability coefficient showed that a single satisfaction score (excluding two items scored individually) can be computed for the entire DTSQ-IP, indicating very good internal consistency reliability (0.92). The DTSQ-IP detected considerable dissatisfaction with meal choice and timing (13.7% of in-patients would never have chosen similar meals at home), and with in-patient hypoglycaemia (35.3% felt that their blood glucose was too low most of the time). In-patients on surgical wards, women, and those long established on insulin were significantly more dissatisfied, particularly with competence of hospital staff. Patients who administered their own insulin were not significantly less dissatisfied overall, but were so with the choice of meals (P = 0.005). Multiple regression analysis produced a model accounting for 8.2% of variability in DTSQ-IP (r = 0.29; P = 0.0058) and 21.7% of variability in LOS (r = 0.46; P = 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: The DTSQ-IP is a novel, psychometrically validated and sensitive tool that adds to the DTSQ portfolio. The DTSQ-IP facilitates efforts to assess and improve treatment satisfaction in in-patients with diabetes. 
The prevalence of diabetes mellitus (DM) in the United Arab Emirates is among the highest world-wide. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) predisposes individuals to DM; therefore, dietary interventions targeting MetS biomarkers are a high priority. We evaluated whether a carbohydrate-restricted diet (CRD) could effectively be used as a first-line therapy intervention in adult Emirati to improve the characteristics of MetS. A total of 39 participants (14 men, 25 women) 18-50 y, classified with MetS, followed a CRD (20-25% carbohydrate, 50-55% fat, 25-30% protein energy distribution). After 6 wk, 19 participants were randomly switched to the AHA diet (55% carbohydrate, 25-30% fat, 15-20% protein) whereas 20 participants continued with the CRD diet for an additional 6 wk. Fasting plasma lipids, 24-h dietary recalls, body composition, anthropometrics, blood pressure (BP), glucose, insulin, and plasma markers of inflammation were measured at baseline, wk 6, and wk 12. Dietary analysis indicated high compliance. At wk 6, the CRD (n = 39) resulted in decreased body weight (-13%), waist circumference (-4.5%), body fat (-10.6%), and plasma triglycerides (TG) (-38.7%) (P < 0.001). Significant decreases in LDL cholesterol, BP, glucose, insulin, and inflammatory markers and increases in adiponectin (P < 0.05) also occurred. After 12 wk, positive changes persisted for all participants, independent of diet. However, body weight and plasma TG and insulin were lower in the CRD (P < 0.05) group than in the CRD + AHA group. Results from this study suggest that a 6-wk CRD can effectively be used as a first-line diet therapy to rapidly improve features of MetS and cardiovascular risk in adult Emirati.
We investigated the association between nutrient biomarkers and dietary intake estimated using a brief self-administered dietary history questionnaire (BDHQ) for Japanese children and adolescents. Blood samples were collected from 398 subjects (5th graders of elementary school aged 10-11 y, and 2nd graders of secondary schools aged 13-14 y) randomly selected from among students in Shunan City, Japan, who were then required to answer two questionnaires. Spearman correlations were calculated between dietary intake and the corresponding biomarkers (serum carotenoids, tocopherols, and erythrocyte fatty acids). Correlations with beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin were significant in the 13- and 14-y age group (r=0.220-0.333, p<0.030) and the 10- and 11-y age subgroup who answered the questionnaire with assistance (r=0.295-0.299, respectively, p=0.006). Consumption of green-yellow vegetables and fruits was significantly correlated with beta-carotene and beta-cryptoxanthin levels (r=0.205-0.341, p<0.047). In the 13- and 14-y age group, correlations with eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids were between 0.215 and 0.473 (p<0.040). Total seafood intake was significantly correlated with marine n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs; r=0.239-0.420, p<0.023). In the 10- and 11-y age subgroup who completed the questionnaire with assistance, seafood intake was significantly correlated with marine n-3 PUFAs (r=0.239-0.243, p<0.032). In conclusion, dietary intake assessed using the BDHQ reflects the corresponding biomarkers for 13- and 14-y-olds; however, when used for elementary school children, caution is necessary in interpreting the results.
Two global environmental issues, climate change and contamination by persistent organic pollutants, represent major concerns for arctic ecosystems. Yet, it is unclear how these two stressors interact in the Arctic. For instance, the influence of climate-associated changes in food web structure on exposure to pollutants within arctic ecosystems is presently unknown. Here, we report on recent changes in feeding ecology (1991-2007) in polar bears (Ursus maritimus) from the western Hudson Bay subpopulation that have resulted in increases in the tissue concentrations of several chlorinated and brominated contaminants. Differences in timing of the annual sea ice breakup explained a significant proportion of the diet variation among years. As expected from climate change predictions, this diet change was consistent with an increase in the consumed proportions of open water-associated seal species compared to ice-associated seal species in years of earlier sea ice breakup. Our results demonstrate that climate change is a modulating influence on contaminants in this polar bear subpopulation and may pose an additional and previously unidentified threat to northern ecosystems through altered exposures to contaminants.
Estimation of whole-grain (WG) food intake in epidemiological and nutritional studies is normally based on general diet FFQ, which are not designed to specifically capture WG intake. To estimate WG cereal intake, we developed a forty-three-item FFQ focused on cereal product intake over the past month. We validated this questionnaire against a 3-d-weighed food record (3DWFR) in thirty-one subjects living in the French-speaking part of Switzerland (nineteen female and twelve male). Subjects completed the FFQ on day 1 (FFQ1), the 3DWFR between days 2 and 13 and the FFQ again on day 14 (FFQ2). The subjects provided a fasting blood sample within 1 week of FFQ2. Total cereal intake, total WG intake, intake of individual cereals, intake of different groups of cereal products and alkylresorcinol (AR) intake were calculated from both FFQ and the 3DWFR. Plasma AR, possible biomarkers for WG wheat and rye intake were also analysed. The total WG intake for the 3DWFR, FFQ1, FFQ2 was 26 (sd 22), 28 (sd 25) and 21 (sd 16) g/d, respectively. Mean plasma AR concentration was 55.8 (sd 26.8) nmol/l. FFQ1, FFQ2 and plasma AR were correlated with the 3DWFR (r 0.72, 0.81 and 0.57, respectively). Adjustment for age, sex, BMI and total energy intake did not affect the results. This FFQ appears to give a rapid and adequate estimate of WG cereal intake in free-living subjects.
Investigations suggest a protective role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) but opposing roles of n-6 PUFA in inflammation, but the effects in vivo the human are not clear. We therefore tested the hypothesis that higher intakes of n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA are associated with lower levels of inflammation among a population consuming a diet high in PUFA. This study aimed to assess the association between PUFA intake and serum C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations in a group of Japanese employees. The study subjects were 300 men and 211 women aged 21 to 67 years working in 2 municipal offices of Japan. We measured the serum high-sensitivity CRP concentrations by the latex agglutination nephelometry method and assessed dietary habits by a validated self-administered diet history questionnaire. We analyzed the data using multiple linear regression analysis with adjustment for potential confounding variables. Mean serum CRP concentrations tended to decrease as the intake of eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, or their combination increased in men and women, although none of these relationships was statistically significant. In men, there were statistically significant inverse relationships between dietary intake of n-3 or n-6 PUFA and serum CRP concentrations (P for trend = .03 and .008, respectively). Among specific PUFA, only alpha-linolenic acid and linoleic acid showed clear inverse relationships (P for trend = .001 and .003, respectively) in men. The results suggest that increased intake of not only alpha-linolenic acid (n-3 PUFA) but also linoleic acid (n-6 PUFA) has a beneficial effect on systemic inflammation in men.
Chronic, low-grade metabolic acidosis due to Western diets may be a risk factor for osteoporosis. The severity can be determined in part by net endogenous acid production (NEAP). In a population-based study, a total of 1028 healthy men and women aged 20-72 years were evaluated for dietary intakes and NEAP estimates with a validated food frequency questionnaire. Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) was used to determine BMD of the lumbar spine (L2-L4), distal third of radius, and proximal femur. Serum CrossLaps, degradation products of the C-terminal telopeptides of type I collagen, and osteocalcin were measured by highly specific ELISA methods. Lower estimates of energy-adjusted rates of NEAP were associated with greater femoral neck BMD (p=0.01) in premenopausal women and with greater BMDs at the distal radius (p=0.001) and lumbar spine (p=0.04) in postmenopausal women. Compared with women in the highest quartile of the estimates of the energy-adjusted rates of NEAP, pre- and postmenopausal women in the lowest quartile had significantly greater means of osteocalcin [9.12 (SD+/-1.62) vs. 5.24 (SD+/-1.41) ng/ml, p=0.02 and 11.74 (SD+/-1.69) vs. 7.79 (SD+/-2.63) ng/ml, p=0.002, respectively]. Analysis by quartiles of the estimates of energy-adjusted rates of NEAP did not reveal a relationship between BMD and bone turnover markers in men. In conclusion, we found that a high energy-adjusted rate of NEAP was associated with a significantly lower BMD in women but not in men and the energy-adjusted rate of NEAP had a negative relationship with bone formation.
The LC-MS based metabolomics studies are characterized by the capacity to produce a large and complex dataset being mandatory to use the appropriate tools to recover and to interpret as maximum information as possible. In this context, a combined partial least square discriminat analysis (PLS-DA) and two-way hierarchical clustering (two-way HCA) using Bonferroni correction as filter is proposed to improve analysis in human urinary metabolome modifications in a nutritional intervention context. After overnight fasting, 10 subjects consumed cocoa powder with milk. Urine samples were collected before the ingestion product and at 0-6, 6-12, 12-24 h after test-meal consumption and analysed by LC-Q-ToF. The PLS-DA analysis showed a clear pattern related to the differences between before consumption period and the other three periods revealing relevant mass features in this separation, however, a weaker association between mass features and the three periods after cocoa consumption was observed. On the other hand, two-way HCA showed a separation of four urine time periods and point out the mass features associated with the corresponding urine times. The correlation matrix revealed complex relations between the mass features that could be used for metabolite identifications and to infer the possible metabolite origin. The reported results prove that combining visualization strategies would be an excellent way to produce new bioinformatic applications that help the scientific community to unravel the complex relations between the consumption of phytochemicals and their expected effects on health.
Deoxynivalenol (DON) is a toxic fungal metabolite found on wheat, maize and barley. We previously reported a significant association between the amount of DON in a single 24 h urine sample and the average cereal intake over 7 d for 300 UK adults. In this more detailed analysis of the data, food diary information (n 255) for the day of urine collection (model I), the previous 24 h period (model II) and the day of urine collection plus the previous 24 h combined (model III) were further examined to assess whether the recent intake of cereal correlated more strongly with urinary DON, compared with the longer-term assessment of usual cereal intake from 7 d food diaries (model IV). DON was detected in 254/255 (99.6 %) urine samples (mean 12.0 microg/d; range not detected-66 microg/d). For all the models, total cereal intake was positively associated with urinary DON (P < 0.001) in each model. The goodness of fit (adjusted R2 value) was used to assess how well each model explained the variation in urinary DON. Model I provided a better goodness of fit (adjusted R2 0.22) than model IV (adjusted R2 0.19), whereas model III provided the best fit (adjusted R2 0.27). These data suggest that the inter-individual variation in urinary DON was somewhat better explained by recent cereal intake compared with usual cereal intake assessed over 7 d.
Dietary energy restriction (DER) reduces risk of spontaneous mammary cancer in rodents. In humans, DER in premenopausal years seems to reduce risk of postmenopausal breast cancer. Markers of DER are required to develop acceptable DER regimens for breast cancer prevention. We therefore examined markers of DER in the breast, adipose tissue, and serum. Nineteen overweight or obese women at moderately increased risk of breast cancer (lifetime risk, 1 in 6 to 1 in 3) ages between 35 and 45 were randomly allocated to DER [liquid diet, 3,656 kJ/d (864 kcal/d); n = 10] or asked to continue their normal eating patterns (n = 9) for one menstrual cycle. Biopsies of the breast and abdominal fat were taken before and after the intervention. RNA was extracted from whole tissues and breast epithelium (by laser capture microdissection) and hybridized to Affymetrix GeneChips. Longitudinal plasma and urine samples were collected before and after intervention, and metabolic profiles were generated using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. DER was associated with significant reductions in weight [-7.0 (+/-2.3) kg] and in alterations of serum biomarkers of breast cancer risk (insulin, leptin, total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides). In both abdominal and breast tissues, as well as isolated breast epithelial cells, genes involved in glycolytic and lipid synthesis pathways (including stearoyl-CoA desaturase, fatty acid desaturase, and aldolase C) were significantly down-regulated. We conclude that reduced expressions of genes in the lipid metabolism and glycolytic pathways are detectable in breast tissue following DER, and these may represent targets for DER mimetics as effective chemoprophylactic agents.
BACKGROUND: The relationship between calcium intake and serum calcium level in hemodialysis patients is poorly understood. METHODS: We quantify total oral calcium intake using detailed 7-day food diaries with 294 patient days of observation in 42 stable, non-diabetic hemodialysis subjects. RESULTS: Mean (SD) albumin-corrected serum calcium was 9.84 mg/dl (0.8). The albumin-corrected serum calcium was low (<8.4 mg/dl) in 2 patients, low-normal (8.4-9.49) in 9 patients, high-normal (9.5-10.2) in 18 patients and high (>10.2) in 13 patients. Mean (SD) total (diet plus binder) oral calcium intake was 1996 mg/day (1,020); 16 patients (38%) had a total calcium intake >2,000 mg/day. Calcium intake and serum calcium were poorly correlated (Spearman rank method), r = 0.14, p = 0.39. Median calcium intakes were similar in those with normal (1,990 mg/day), high-normal (1,926 mg/day) and high calcium groups (1,713 mg/day), p = 0.73 (Kruskal-Wallis), p = 0.29 (linear test for trend). Forty-one percent (11/27) of patients who had serum calcium in the normal range had a calcium intake greater than 2 g/day, while 11.5% had a calcium intake greater than 3 g/day. In subjects with a parathyroid hormone (PTH) concentration <300 pg/ml (n = 20), the correlation between calcium intake and either uncorrected serum calcium or albumin-corrected serum calcium was stronger, r = 0.45, p = 0.05 and r = 0.38, p = 0.10, respectively, though there remained wide variability in calcium intake. CONCLUSION: Serum calcium is not a reliable indicator of calcium intake, especially at PTH > or = 300 pg/ml. An excessive calcium intake may coexist with a normal serum calcium level. 
Solanum lycocarpum St. Hill (Solanaceae) is a native shrub very common in the Brazilian savanna. The fruit of this plant contains steroidal glycoalkaloids that may disrupt the endocrine system. Because this plant is employed in folk medicine for the management of diabetes, obesity and decreasing cholesterol levels, the present study determined the possible toxic effects of exposure to S. lycocarpum fruit from weaning (21 days old) until adult age (8 weeks of treatment) in male and female rats. In male rats, the plant reduced weight gain, while few significant differences were observed in female animals. Slight significant differences were observed in food and water consumption and in hematological parameters in treated rats. Reductions in adrenal gland, spleen, heart, kidneys and thymus weights of treated males were observed, while increased relative weights were detected in the heart, epididymises, lungs, seminal vesicles, and testicles. In females, no differences were observed in organ weights and few differences were observed in relative weights of some organs. The histopathologic study showed no alteration between groups. Serum biochemical parameters showed triglyceride reductions in treated animals of both sexes; in females, an increase in albumin and alanine aminotransferase levels and a reduction in total protein levels were noted. The present data therefore demonstrate sex-related differences in S. lycocarpum toxicity.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Dietary patterns have been associated with various disease risk markers. There is presently little representative data about the dietary patterns of adults on low income. The objective was therefore to identify dietary patterns and how they relate to cardiovascular (CVD) risk markers in this specific population. METHODS AND RESULTS: Exploratory factor analysis was performed to examine dietary patterns in participants from the UK Low Income Diet and Nutrition Survey (n=2931, aged 49.4+/-20.2 years, 65% female). Dietary intake was assessed from three 24h dietary recalls and blood was drawn for the assessment of CVD risk markers (C-reactive protein [CRP], total and high density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol, triglycerides, homocysteine). Results of the factor analysis revealed four interpretable principle components accounting for approximately 16.5% of the total variance, with similar patterns across gender. A 'fast food' diet pattern explained the greatest proportion of the variance (5.5%), followed by 'health aware' (4.1%), 'traditional' (3.6%), and 'sweet' (3.3%) factors. Participants consuming more items from the fast food pattern were younger, more likely to be smokers and employed, but not partnered. The 'health aware' diet pattern was inversely associated with concentrations of CRP and homocysteine, and positively with HDL-cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: A fast food dietary pattern, high in saturated fat, explained the greatest proportion of the variance in a representative sample of adults on low income from the UK. There was, however, considerable heterogeneity in dietary intake among this socially deprived group and healthy eating was associated with lower CVD risk markers. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine sex differences and longitudinal changes in ready-to-eat (RTE) cereal and breakfast consumption in the Dietary Intervention Study in Children, and the relationship between RTE cereal intake with nutrient intake, blood lipids, and body mass index (BMI). DESIGN: Secondary analyses based on data from Dietary Intervention Study in Children, a randomized, controlled, multicenter, clinical trial with five sets of three 24-hour recalls. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Children (n=660) from six clinics aged 8 to 10 years at study entry. Participants had serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels between the 80th and 98th percentiles for age, and were followed for a mean of 7.5 years. INTERVENTION: Children were randomized to a total fat- and saturated fat-modified dietary intervention or usual care. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Frequency of RTE cereal and breakfast consumption was examined by sex and age. Mixed models by sex were used to examine the relationship of RTE cereal consumption to average daily intake of nutrients, blood lipids, and BMI. RESULTS: For all children, RTE cereal and breakfast consumption declined with age. Boys consumed RTE cereal more often compared with girls. Except for energy, RTE cereal consumption was positively associated with all measures of nutrients for both sexes. In boys, higher RTE cereal consumption was associated with lower total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and lower BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Food and nutrition professionals should continue to educate youth and their parents on the nutritional benefits of routinely eating RTE cereal. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to analyze the influence of a Mediterranean dietary pattern on plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) after 3 years of intervention and the associations with adiposity indexes in a randomized dietary trial (PREDIMED trial) with high cardiovascular risk patients. SUBJECTS/METHODS: 187 subjects were randomly selected from the PREDIMED-UNAV center after they completed 3-year intervention program. Participants were following a Mediterranean-style diet with high intake of virgin olive oil or high intake of nuts, or a conventional low-fat diet. Adiposity indexes were measured at baseline and at year 3. Plasma TAC was evaluated using a commercially available colorimetric assay kit. RESULTS: Plasma TAC in the control, olive oil and nuts groups was 2.01+/-0.15, 3.51+/-0.14 and 3.02+/-0.14 mM Trolox, respectively after adjusting for age and sex. The differences between the Mediterranean diet and control groups were statistically significant (P<0.001). Moreover higher levels of TAC were significantly associated with a reduction in body weight after 3 years of intervention among subjects allocated to the virgin olive oil group (B=-1.306; 95% CI=-2.439 to -0.173; P=0.025, after adjusting for age, sex and baseline body mass index). CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean diet, especially rich in virgin olive oil, is associated with higher levels of plasma antioxidant capacity. Plasma TAC is related to a reduction in body weight after 3 years of intervention in a high cardiovascular risk population with a Mediterranean-style diet rich in virgin olive oil. 
Total antioxidant performance (TAP) measures antioxidant capacities in both hydrophilic and lipophilic compartments of serum and interactions known to exist between them. Our objective was to assess TAP levels in a subset of Jackson Heart Study (JHS) participants and to examine associations with dietary and total (diet + supplement) intakes of alpha-tocopherol, gamma-tocopherol (diet only), beta-carotene, vitamin C, fruit, vegetables, and nuts, and serum concentrations of alpha-tocopherol, gamma-tocopherol, and beta-carotene. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 420 (mean age 61 y; 254 women) African American men and women participating in the Diet and Physical Activity Sub-Study of the JHS in Jackson, Mississippi. In multivariate-adjusted models, we observed positive associations between total alpha-tocopherol, total and dietary beta-carotene, and total vitamin C intakes and TAP levels (P-trend < 0.05). Positive associations were also observed for vegetable, fruit, and total fruit and vegetable intakes (P-trend < 0.05). For serum antioxidant nutrients, alpha-tocopherol but not beta-carotene was associated with serum TAP levels. There were inverse associations for serum gamma-tocopherol and TAP levels. Associations for alpha-tocopherol were seen at intake levels much higher than the current Recommended Dietary Allowance. It may, therefore, be prudent to focus on increasing consumption of fruit, vegetables, nuts, and seeds to increase total antioxidant capacity.
BACKGROUND: The association between body-mass-index (BMI), alcohol consumption and their joint effect in increasing the risk of elevated serum alanine (ALT) and aspartate (AST) is unclear in older community-dwelling adults. AIM: To determine the association between alcohol, BMI, and their combined effect with serum ALT and AST in older community-dwelling adults in the United States. METHODS: A cross-sectional, population-based study in participants (n = 2364) from the Rancho Bernardo Study (54% women; mean age: 70 years, BMI: 25 kg/m(2), alcohol users: 63%) who attended a research visit in 1984-87. BMI was recorded by a trained nurse and alcohol use ascertained by a validated questionnaire. Odds-ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of elevated serum ALT and AST (defined as > or =30 U/L in men and > or =19 U/L in women) were calculated for alcohol and BMI separately and their joint exposure using logistic regression models. RESULTS: In multivariate logistic regression models adjusted for age, alcohol use, total cholesterol, serum triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, systolic blood pressure, and diabetes mellitus, obesity independently increased the odds of elevated ALT in this cohort of older men and women by 3.0 (95% CI, 1.7-5.3) and 1.8 (95% CI, 1.1-2.7) respectively. Joint effects of consuming >3 alcoholic drinks/day and obesity raised the odds of elevated ALT by 8.9 (95% CI, 2.4-33.1) and AST by 21-fold (95% CI, 2.6-170.1), demonstrating synergism. Obese participants had higher odds of elevated ALT even at 0 < or = 1 drink/day. CONCLUSIONS: In older men and women, the combination of obesity with alcohol is synergistic in increasing the risk of liver injury. 
Epidemiological studies suggest that a diet high in flavonoids protects against chronic diseases such as CVD and cancer. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the relationship between the intake of quercetin, kaempferol, isorhamnetin, apigenin and luteolin and their corresponding plasma concentrations, and further to explore whether these flavonoids can serve as biomarkers of their intake. Flavonoid intake and their plasma concentrations were analysed in ninety-two subjects consuming their habitual diet. Flavonoid intake was estimated with 7-d dietary records using available data on the flavonoid content of food. Plasma flavonoid concentrations were quantified by HPLC. In addition, we undertook a dietary intervention study to investigate plasma apigenin concentration after the consumption of celery leaf. The mean intake estimates of quercetin, kaempferol, isorhamnetin, apigenin and luteolin amounted to 13.58, 14.97, 12.31, 4.23 and 8.08 mg/d, respectively. The corresponding mean plasma concentrations were 80.23, 57.86, 39.94, 10.62 and 99.90 nmol/l. The mean 7 d intake of five flavonoids was positively correlated to their corresponding plasma concentrations, with correlation coefficients ranging from 0.33 to 0.51 (P < 0.05). In the dietary intervention study, the plasma apigenin concentration rose after celery leaf ingestion, and fell within 28 h to below the limit of detection (2.32 nmol/l). The present results suggest that quercetin, kaempferol, isorhamnetin, apigenin and luteolin are bioavailable from the diet. The levels of fasting plasma flavonoids seem to be suitable biomarkers of short-term intake. The combination of plasma flavonoids with their intake may prove useful when the possible health-protective effects of flavonoids are studied.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Overweight and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) as well as their clustering, are increasingly prevalent among adolescents. We examined dietary patterns, CVD risk factors, and the clustering of these risk factors in 1139 14-year-olds living in Western Australia. METHODS AND RESULTS: Usual dietary intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Two dietary patterns, 'Western' and 'Healthy', were identified using factor analysis. Associations between these dietary patterns and BMI, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, fasting levels of serum glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, HDL-C, LDL-C, triglycerides and insulin resistance were assessed using ANOVA. Cluster analysis identified a high risk group (the 'high risk metabolic cluster') with features akin to adult metabolic syndrome. Belonging to the 'high risk metabolic cluster' was examined in relation to dietary patterns using logistic regression, adjusting for aerobic fitness and socio-demographic factors. Higher 'Western' dietary pattern scores were associated with greater odds for the 'high risk metabolic cluster' (p for trend=0.02) and greater mean values for total cholesterol (p for trend=0.03), waist circumference (p for trend=0.03) and BMI (p for trend=0.02) in girls, but not boys. Scores for the 'Healthy' dietary pattern were not related to the 'high risk metabolic cluster' but were inversely associated with serum glucose in boys and girls (p for trend=0.01 and 0.04, respectively) and were positively associated with HDL-C in boys (p for trend=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary patterns are associated with CVD risk factors and the clustering of these risk factors in adolescence. 
This study evaluated the association between the main plasma endogenous non-enzymatic antioxidant components and the increase in human antioxidant capacity (AC) after acute coffee intake. Ten adults were tested before and 90 min after consumption of coffee or water, in a crossover design, with a 7-day interval between tests. AC (FRAP and TRAP), ascorbic acid, -tocopherol and -tocopherol, albumin, bilirubin and uric acid were analyzed in plasma/serum. After coffee consumption FRAP and TRAP increased 2.6% and 7.6% (P<0.05), whereas after water consumption FRAP and TRAP decreased 2.5% and 1.0% (P <0.05), respectively. In general, AC assays correlated with uric acid and -tocopherol (r >0.75; P <0.04), independently of treatment and time point. Changes in AC assays after coffee intake did not correlate with endogenous components, which remained unchanged. These results suggest that coffee components spare endogenous antioxidants or are themselves the main contributors to plasma AC increase after coffee intake.
PURPOSE: Because chronic cough leads to repeated increases in intra-abdominal pressure, it might cause or unmask stress urinary incontinence (SUI). To test this hypothesis, we performed a cross-sectional prospective survey of women with chronic cough and female subjects without cough symptoms. METHODS: A group of women with chronic cough (n = 297) presenting at a specialty asthma/allergy clinic over an 18-month period and a control group (n = 106) completed a self-administered survey that included the Urogenital Distress Inventory (UDI)-6 questionnaire and a global quality of life (QOL) question. Subjects on medication for bladder symptoms (n = 14) or who had undergone prior anti-incontinence surgery (n = 29) were excluded. RESULTS: 263 patients and 97 control subjects met criteria for analysis. Chronic cough patients were older than control subjects (median 41 versus 35 years; p < 0.001). There was no difference in weight between groups (p = 0.544). The UDI-6 question responses correlated with each other and with the responses to the QOL questions (p values <or=0.002). Chronic cough patients were more bothered by urinary frequency (UDI question 1, 33 vs. 20%, p = 0.018), sense of incomplete emptying (UDI question 5, 10 vs. 3%, p = 0.047). There was no statistical difference in SUI between chronic cough patients and controls (UDI question 3, 24 vs. 15%, p = 0.059). CONCLUSIONS: Based on this exploratory study, we found no statistically significant difference in the prevalence of SUI between patients with or without chronic cough. However, increased urinary frequency may have had a protective effect on SUI, thereby masking a larger difference in SUI. 
Magnesium, an element involved in a variety of biochemical and physiological processes in the human body, is closely linked to maintaining health and preventing disease. Even so, studies on the status of magnesium intake have never been conducted sufficiently since only recently a dietary reference intake value was proposed, and data on magnesium contents in food items have always been insufficient. Therefore, in this study, we selected 366 food items commonly consumed by Korean people and then analyzed their magnesium content with inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectroscopy. With these results, we evaluated daily magnesium intake in 239 healthy adult males and females. Using these 366 values based on magnesium content measurements, we evaluated the status of magnesium intake by our participants and found that the average daily magnesium intake was 279.2 mg, 90.4% of the recommended intake (RI). The results also showed that the magnesium intake by 54.8% of the subjects was lower than the estimated average requirement. In addition to this, the magnesium intake by 45.2% of the cohort was less than 75% of the RI. As such, a high percentage of the subjects showed inappropriate magnesium intake.
BACKGROUND: Previously, we reported the presence of hydroxytyrosol in red wine and higher human urinary recovery of total hydroxytyrosol than that expected after a single red wine intake. We hypothesized that the alcohol present in wine could promote endogenous hydroxytyrosol generation. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess the relation between alcohol consumption and urinary hydroxytyrosol concentrations. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study with baseline data from a subsample of the PREvencin con DIeta MEDiterrnea (PREDIMED) trial, an intervention study directed at testing the efficacy of the Mediterranean diet on the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Participants included 1045 subjects, aged 55-80 y, who were at high cardiovascular risk. Alcohol consumption was estimated through a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Urinary hydroxytyrosol and ethyl glucuronide, a biomarker of alcohol consumption, were measured. RESULTS: Urinary ethyl glucuronide concentrations were directly related to alcohol and wine consumption (P < 0.001) as well as to urinary hydroxytyrosol in both sexes (P < 0.001). The degree of alcohol consumption was directly associated with urinary hydroxytyrosol in male alcohol consumers (P < 0.001). Multivariate logistic regression analyses showed a significant linear trend (P < 0.05) for elevated hydroxytyrosol concentrations with an increase in alcohol consumption. Intakes of >20 g (2 drinks)/d and >10 g (1 drink)/d alcohol in men and women, respectively, were associated (P < 0.05) with elevated concentrations of hydroxytyrosol. CONCLUSIONS: We report for the first time a direct association between urinary hydroxytyrosol and alcohol consumption at a population level. These findings reinforce previous work in human and animal models that examines wine as a source of hydroxytyrosol and alcohol as an indirect promoter of endogenous hydroxytyrosol generation. This trial was registered at controlled-trials.com/isrctn/ as ISRCTN 35739639. 
BACKGROUND: Alkylresorcinols are phenolic compounds that are present almost exclusively in rye and wheat fiber. Alkylresorcinols are absorbed and thereafter metabolized to 3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA) and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-propanoic acid (DHPPA), which have been detected in human urine and plasma. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine the plasma pharmacokinetics of DHBA and DHPPA in human subjects to estimate whether they show potential as biomarkers for whole-grain rye and/or wheat intake. DESIGN: Fifteen human volunteers followed a low-alkylresorcinol diet for 2 d before ingesting a single dose of high-fiber rye bread containing 100 mg alkylresorcinols [corrected]. Plasma samples were collected for 25 h, and the alkylresorcinol metabolites were quantified by HPLC with coulometric electrode array detection. RESULTS: Maximum concentrations were reached at approximately 6 h for both metabolites, although interindividual variation was found. The half-life was significantly (P < 0.0002) longer for DHPPA (16.3 h) than for DHBA (10.1 h). No significant differences were discovered between women and men in the half-life of each metabolite, which, from a pharmacokinetic point of view, is the most important parameter. The area under the curve differed significantly between DHBA and DHPPA (P < 0.0001) and between women and men (P = 0.03 for DHBA and P = 0.01 for DHPPA). However, when corrected for body weight, the difference between sexes was no longer significant. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that DHBA and DHPPA are both good candidate biomarkers for whole-grain rye and/or wheat intake; however, DHPPA is the better indicator because of its longer half-life. This could provide a practical tool when investigating the association between diet and diseases. 
The influence of nutrition during the first and second trimesters of gestation on the occurrence of dystocia was investigated in 3-year-old composite-breed beef heifers. Heifers were allocated according to stratification by weight and genotype to either a high (H/-=76 MJ metabolisable energy (ME) and 1.4 kg crude protein (CP)), or low (L/-=62 MJ ME and 0.4 kg CP daily) nutritional treatment on the day of artificial insemination (day 0) to the same Senepol bull. Half of each nutritional group changed to an opposite nutritional group on day 93 of gestation (-/H=82 MJ ME and 1.4 kg CP; -/L=63 MJ ME and 0.4 kg CP daily), resulting in four treatment groups: HH (n=16); HL (n=19); LH (n=17); LL (n=19). From 180 days until calving all heifers were fed the same diets. Pelvic area measures were taken at heifer selection (-72 days) and at 117 days. Maternal circulating concentrations of estrone sulphate (ES), bovine placental lactogen (bPL), bovine pregnancy associated glycoprotein and progesterone were monitored throughout gestation. Heifers were observed continuously over the calving period and delivery type classified as being either eutocic or dystocic. The occurrence of dystocia was 14.1%. Increased calf birth weight increased the odds of occurrence of dystocia (odds ratio (OR)=1.40; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.12-1.76; P<0.01). High diets in the second trimester were associated with heavier calves at birth (P=0.01). The mean pelvic area of eutocic heifers on -72 d, tended to be greater compared to that of dystocic heifers (P=0.08) such that a 1-cm(2) difference in pelvic area tended to decrease the risk of dystocia (OR=0.97; 95% CI 0.93-1.01; P=0.09). Longer gestation length was associated with an increased risk of dystocia (P=0.03). ES (P=0.04) and bPL (P=0.09) at calving were positively associated with the risk of dystocia. In conclusion, the current study demonstrates (a) that pelvic area measurement at selection in 3-year-old Bos indicusxBos taurus heifers may be useful for identifying heifers at an increased risk of dystocia and (b) increased ES and bPL concentrations at calving are associated with increased risk of dystocia. Pelvic area measurements obtained prior to conception remain valid in their assessment of the relationship between pelvic area and likelihood of dystocia occurring in the event of changing maternal nutrient intake during gestation. This is an important finding given maternal diets high in protein and energy during the second trimester of gestation increased calf birth weight and calf birth weight was associated with an increase in the occurrence of dystocia in heifers calving as 3-year olds.
BACKGROUND: Blood pressure (BP) responses to dietary sodium and potassium intake vary among individuals. We examined the correlation between BP responses to dietary low-sodium, high-sodium, and potassium supplementation interventions in a feeding study. METHODS: A total of 1,906 Chinese aged > or = 16 years participated in the dietary intervention that included a 7-day low-salt intervention (51.3 mmol/day), a 7-day high-salt intervention (307.8 mmol/day), and a 7-day high-salt plus potassium supplementation (60 mmol/day) intervention. BP was measured nine times during the 3-day baseline observation and during the last 3 days of each intervention phase using a random-zero sphygmomanometer. RESULTS: The correlation coefficients (95% confidence intervals (CIs)) of the BP responses to low-sodium and high-sodium interventions were -0.47 (-0.51 to -0.44), -0.47 (-0.50 to -0.43), and -0.45 (-0.49 to -0.42) for systolic BP (SBP), diastolic BP (DBP), and mean arterial pressure (MAP), respectively (all P < 0.0001). The correlation coefficients (95% CI) of the BP responses to high-sodium intervention and potassium supplementation were -0.52 (-0.56 to -0.49), -0.48 (-0.52 to 0.45), and -0.52 (-0.55 to -0.48) for SBP, DBP, and MAP, respectively (all P < 0.0001). The kappa coefficients were moderate, varying from 0.28 to 0.34, between BP responses to low-sodium and high-sodium interventions (all P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate there is a moderate correlation between BP responses to low-sodium and to high-sodium interventions, and BP responses to high-sodium intervention and potassium supplementation. Furthermore, our study suggests that individuals who were more sensitive to high-sodium diet might benefit more from a low-sodium and/or high-potassium intervention aimed at lowering BP levels. 
OBJECTIVE: Immobilization and space flight are causes of disuse osteoporosis. Increasing calcium intake may counteract this disuse-induced bone loss. METHODS: We conducted two bedrest experiments (crossover design: bedrest versus ambulatory control) in a metabolic ward, studying the effect of 1000 mg/d of calcium intake (study A, length of intervention 14 d) compared with that of a high calcium intake of 2000 mg/d (study B, 6 d) on markers of bone turnover. Both studies were randomized, controlled studies with the subjects staying under well-controlled environmental conditions (study A, 9 male subjects, age 23.6+/-3.0 y; study B, 8 male subjects, age 25.5+/-2.9 y). Blood was drawn to analyze serum calcium, parathyroid hormone, procollagen type I C-terminal propeptide, and bone alkaline phosphatase. Urine (24-h) was collected for analysis of calcium, C-terminal telopeptide of collagen type I, and N-terminal telopeptide of collagen type I. RESULTS: In both studies, serum calcium levels remained unchanged. Procollagen type I C-terminal propeptide was lower (P=0.03) in the bedrest phase than in the ambulatory phase in study A and tended to be lower (P=0.08) in bedrest in study B, whereas bone alkaline phosphatase was not affected in either study. Urinary calcium excretion was greater during bedrest than during the ambulatory phase (study A, P=0.005; study B, P=0.002). C-terminal telopeptide of collagen type I excretion was also greater during bedrest in both studies (study A, P<0.001; study B, P<0.001). CONCLUSION: Doubling calcium intake to 2000 mg/d does not prevent increased bone resorption induced by bedrest. 
This international study aimed to test the measurement properties of the updated European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) questionnaire module for colorectal cancer, the QLQ-CR29. The QLQ-CR29 was administered with the QLQ-C30, core questionnaire, to 351 patients from seven countries. Questionnaire scaling and reliability were established and clinical and psychometric validity examined. Patient acceptability and understanding were assessed with a debriefing questionnaire. Multi-trait scaling analyses and face validity refined the module to four scales assessing urinary frequency, faecal seepage, stool consistency and body image and single items assessing other common problems following treatment for colorectal cancer. Scales distinguished between clinically distinct groups of patients and did not correlate with QLQ-C30 scales, demonstrating construct validity. The QLQ-CR29 scores were reproducible over time in stable health. The EORTC QLQ-CR29 demonstrates sufficient validity and reliability to support its use to supplement the EORTC QLQ-C30 to assess patient-reported outcomes during treatment for colorectal cancer in clinical trials and other settings.
OBJECTIVE: To identify different markers in order to validate the assessment of dietary intake in adults with cystic fibrosis (CF). DESIGN: Cross-sectional survey. SETTING: Tertiary care. SUBJECTS: We assessed 37 adults with CF whose nutritional and respiratory condition was stable and 37 healthy adults, matched for age, sex, and nutritional status. INTERVENTIONS: A consecutive, 7-day, prospective dietary survey was given to all the participants. Anthropometric variables were measured and a fasting blood sample was drawn to measure the composition of the serum phospholipid fatty acids by gas chromatography. We also measured fecal fat and nitrogen at 72 hours and 24-hour urine nitrogen. RESULTS: The ratio of energy intake to basal metabolic rate expenditure was significantly greater in the patients (2.1+/-0.4) than the controls (1.79+/-0.4) and the percentage of patients with the ratio of energy intake to basal metabolic rate lower than 1.55 was 24% in the controls (n=9) vs 8% in the patients (n=3). Fecal nitrogen correlated significantly with total energy and the intake of carbohydrates, lipids, and proteins. In the patients, total dietary energy and fat and protein intake correlated positively with fecal fat. The protein and fat intake and fecal nitrogen and fat correlated significantly with urine nitrogen. In the controls, significant correlations were seen between different parameters of intake and the percentage of certain serum phospholipid fatty acids. These correlations in the patients were either absent or less marked. CONCLUSIONS: Use in persons with CF of the energy intake to basal metabolic rate ratio, measurement of fecal fat and nitrogen at 72 hours and of urine nitrogen may be useful to validate dietary surveys. The serum phospholipid fatty acid profile, however, may be less useful for this purpose in these patients. 
Cereal consumption is a common dietary behavior that has been associated with positive health outcomes. The objective of this study was to examine prospective associations between cereal intake in childhood and percent body fat, waist-to-hip ratio, lipid levels, and physical activity during late adolescence. In this longitudinal investigation (data collected 1987-1997), data were analyzed for the 2,379 girls who participated in the 10-year National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute Growth and Health Study. The cumulative percent of days that each girl consumed cereal during childhood (based on 3-day food diaries collected during six study visits between ages 11.5 and 18.6 years) was examined in relation to percent body fat, waist-to-hip ratio, lipid levels, and physical activity measured at age 18.6 years. Results indicated that nearly all girls (90.1%) reported eating cereal and 18.7% reported eating cereal on half or more of the days reported in the food diaries. Girls who ate cereal on a greater percentage of days during childhood had lower percent body fat and total cholesterol, and were more likely to exhibit high levels of physical activity and less television viewing during Study Year 10 (P values<0.05). Further research should explore lifestyle issues related to cereal consumption.
AIMS: The Questionnaire for Urinary Incontinence Diagnosis (QUID), a 6-item urinary incontinence (UI) symptom questionnaire, was developed and validated to distinguish stress and urge UI. This study's objective was to evaluate QUID validity and responsiveness when used as a clinical trial outcome measure. METHODS: Participants enrolled in a multi-center trial of non-surgical therapy (continence pessary, pelvic floor muscle training or combined) for stress-predominant UI and completed baseline and 3-month diaries, the Urinary Distress Inventory (UDI) and QUID. Data from all treatment groups were pooled. QUID internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha) and convergent/discriminant validity (Pearson correlations) were evaluated. Responsiveness to change was assessed with 3-month score outcomes and distribution-based measurements. RESULTS: Four hundred forty-four women (mean age 50) were enrolled with stress (N = 200) and mixed (N = 244) UI; 344 had 3-month data. Baseline QUID Stress and Urge scores (both scaled 0-15, larger values indicating worse UI) were 8.4 +/- 3.2 and 4.5 +/- 3.3, respectively. Internal consistency of QUID Total, Stress, and Urge scores was 0.75, 0.64 and 0.87, respectively. QUID Stress scores correlated moderately with UDI-Stress scores (r = 0.68, P < 0.0001) and diary stress UI episodes (r = 0.41, P < 0.0001). QUID Urge scores correlated moderately with UDI-Irritative scores (r = 0.68, P < 0.0001) and diary urge UI episodes (r = 0.45, P < 0.0001). Three-month QUID Stress and Urge scores improved (4.1 +/- 3.4 and 2.2 +/- 2.7, both P < 0.0001). QUID Stress score effect size (1.3) and standardized response mean (1.2) suggested a large change after therapy. CONCLUSION: The QUID has acceptable psychometric characteristics and may be used as a UI outcome measure in clinical trials. 
It is well-known that insulin resistance induces lipid abnormalities by decreasing insulin actions in adipose tissue. This study examined the effects of inhibiting postprandial hyperglycemia/hyperinsulinemia, using the alpha-amylase inhibitor wheat albumin (WA), on the expression of genes related to fatty acid metabolism in the adipose tissue of high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant rats. Postprandial glucose and insulin levels were significantly lower after oral starch loading with WA than with inactivated WA in insulin-resistant rats. In addition, the increases in the plasma triacylglycerol and insulin levels by feeding insulin-resistant rats a control diet were inhibited by WA supplementation. Supplementation with WA increased the mRNA levels of not only fatty acid synthase (FAS) and acyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) but also their transcriptional factors such as carbohydrate response element-binding protein (ChREBP) and sterol regulatory element binding protein (SREBP)1 in the mesenteric adipose tissue of the insulin-resistant rats. In addition, supplementation with WA tended to increase the protein expression levels of FAS and ACCs. These results suggest that reductions in the plasma triacylglycerol and insulin levels by inhibiting hyperglycemia/hyperinsulinemia with the alpha-amylase inhibitor WA in high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant rats are associated with increased expression of genes related to fatty acid synthesis and their transcriptional factors in adipose tissue.
OBJECTIVE: To describe the relative validity and reliability of the FFQ used for assessing nutrient intakes of participants in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS). DESIGN: A total of 132 subjects (sixty-one males and seventy-one females) were included in the study. Dietary data were collected monthly by means of twelve 24 h dietary recalls (24hDR). Subjects completed two, 168-item semi-quantitative FFQ. Blood and urine samples were taken every season for measurement of plasma biomarkers and urinary N and K. RESULTS: Mean age and BMI of the participants were 35.5 (sd 16.8) years and 25.5 (sd 5.2) kg/m2, respectively. The mean energy-adjusted and deattenuated correlation coefficients for overall nutrient intake between the 24hDR and FFQ2 were 0.44 and 0.37 in <or=35-year-olds and >35-year-olds, respectively, and for individual nutrients ranged from 0.24 to 0.71 in men (mean r = 0.53) and from 0.11 to 0.60 in women (mean r = 0.39). The mean energy-adjusted reliability coefficients varied from 0.48 in <or=35-year-olds to 0.65 in >35-year-olds, and ranged from 0.41 to 0.79 in men (mean r = 0.59) and from 0.39 to 0.74 in women (mean r = 0.60). The FFQ2 and 24hDR produced exact agreement rates ranging between 39.6 % and 68.3 % in men and between 39.6 % and 54.1 % in women. The ranges of questionnaire validity coefficients, with the sample correlation between the questionnaires and biochemical marker as the lower limit and the estimate obtained by the method of triads as the upper limit, were 0.21-0.56 (protein) and 0.37-0.61 (K). CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ developed for the TLGS has reasonable relative validity and reliability for nutrient intakes in Tehranian adults. 
BACKGROUND: A long-term vegetarian diet is generally poor in vitamin B group. The lack of vitamin B(12) together with vitamin B(6) and folate deficiency is closely related to homocysteine metabolism. Hyperhomocysteinemia was found to be associated with increased bone turnover markers and increased fracture risk. Thus, hyperhomocysteinemia, vitamin B(12) and folate deficiency may be regarded as novel risk factors for micronutrient deficiency-related osteoporosis. AIM OF THE STUDY: To assess the possible impact of a vegetarian diet on bone mineral density in cohort of Slovak vegetarian women. METHODS: Fasting serum glucose, albumin, calcium, phosphorous and creatinine as well as bone markers, serum vitamin B(12), folate and plasma levels of total homocysteine were assessed in two nutritional groups (vegetarians vs. nonvegetarians) of apparently healthy women (age range 20-70 years). Bone mineral density of the femoral neck, trochanter, total femur and lumbar spine was measured in all subjects. RESULTS: Vegetarians had a significantly lower weight (p < 0.05), higher PTH (p < 0.01) and homocysteine (p < 0.001). Vitamin B(12) was significantly higher in nonvegetarians (p < 0.001). No differences were observed in folate levels. Univariate analysis showed significant association between homocysteine and B(12) (p < 0.01), folate (p < 0.001), creatinine (p < 0.001), total proteins (p < 0.049), age (p < 0.001) and vegetarian food intake (p < 0.001). Vegetarians had a significantly lower TrFBMD (p < 0.05) and ToFBMD (p < 0.05). Age and CTx were significant predictors in all sites of measured BMD and PTH. A strong correlation between homocysteine and FNBMD (r = -0.2009, p < 0.002), TrFBMD (r = -0.1810, p < 0.004) and ToFBMD (r = -0.2225, p < 0.001) was found in all subjects. CONCLUSION: Homocysteine is one of the predictors of bone mineral density, and hyperhomocysteinemia is associated with lower bone mineral density. In healthy adults, homocysteine levels are dependent on age as well as on nutritional habits. Thus, elderly women on a vegetarian diet seem to be at higher risk of osteoporosis development than nonvegetarian women. 
Flavonoids are phytochemicals that are widespread in the human diet. Despite limitations in their bioavailability, experimental and epidemiological data suggest health benefits of flavonoid consumption. Valid biomarkers of flavonoid intake may be useful for estimating exposure in a range of settings. However, to date, few useful flavonoid biomarkers have been identified. In this study, we used a metabolite profiling approach to examine the aromatic and phenolic profile of plasma and urine of healthy men after oral consumption of 200 mg of the pure flavonoids, quercetin, (-)-epicatechin, and epigallocatechin gallate, which represent major flavonoid constituents in the diet. Following enzymatic hydrolysis, 71 aromatic compounds were quantified in plasma and urine at 2 and 5 h, respectively, after flavonoid ingestion. Plasma concentrations of different aromatic compounds ranged widely, from 0.01 to 10 micromol/L, with variation among volunteers. None of the aromatic compounds was significantly elevated in plasma 2 h after consumption of either flavonoid compared with water placebo. This indicates that flavonoid-derived aromatic compounds are not responsible for the acute physiological effects reported within 2 h in previous human intervention studies involving flavonoids or flavonoid-rich food consumption. These effects are more likely due to absorption of the intact flavonoid. Our urine analysis suggested that urinary 4-ethylphenol, benzoic acid, and 4-ethylbenzoic acid may be potential biomarkers of quercetin intake and 1,3,5-trimethoxybenzene, 4-O-methylgallic acid, 3-O-methylgallic acid, and gallic acid may be potential markers of epigallocatechin gallate intake. Potential biomarkers of (-)-epicatechin were not identified. These urinary biomarkers may provide an accurate indication of flavonoid exposure.
Personalized nutritional strategies to treat obesity may specifically influence inflammatory markers, in addition to reduce body weight. In the present study, we evaluated the effect of a hypocaloric diet based on a Mediterranean dietary pattern (MDP) on nutritional status as well as on plasma concentrations of retinol binding protein-4 (RBP4) and other proinflammatory markers. Fourty-one subjects (24F/17M; age: 37  7 years; BMI: 32.2  3.9 kg/m) were assigned to follow a MDP within a caloric-restricted diet over an 8-week period. Anthropometrical, clinical, and biochemical variables were measured at baseline and endpoint after the nutritional program. Dietary intervention resulted in a mean weight loss of -4.4  2.5 kg (P < 0.001) and marked reductions (P < 0.05) in plasma concentrations of RBP4, leptin, C-reactive protein, complement C3, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF). Individuals with a higher adherence to the MDP during the nutritional intervention presented differentially higher reductions (P < 0.05) in plasma RBP4, IL6, and TNF. In addition, the increase in the Mediterranean diet score from baseline was a significant and independent predictor factor for the decrease in plasma RBP4 concentration (P < 0.05). In conclusion, our findings suggest that following a hypocaloric diet accompanying a high adherence to a MDP resulted in specific reductions on proinflammatory markers, in addition to a significant improvement in some metabolic syndrome features induced by weight loss, which could be a good combined strategy to treat obesity as well as related metabolic and inflammatory disorders.
APOA5 -1131T > C and S19W single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) have been consistently associated with plasma lipid concentration and metabolic syndrome (MetS), alone and in modulation by dietary factors. Puerto Ricans have a high prevalence of metabolic conditions and high minor allele frequency for these SNP, suggesting a possible role in disease for this population. We aimed to determine the association of APOA5 -1131T > C and S19W with plasma lipids and markers of MetS, alone and in interaction with total fat intake, as a percent of total energy intake, in Puerto Ricans. Anthropometric and demographic data, FFQ, and blood samples were collected at baseline from participants in the Boston Puerto Rican Health Study (n = 802, 45-75 y). APOA5 S19W was associated with plasma HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) (P = 0.044); minor allele carriers had lower HDL-C [1.12 +/- 0.03 (mean +/- SE)] than those with the common variant (1.18 +/- 0.01 mmol/L), even after adjustment for plasma triglycerides (TG) (P = 0.012). Neither polymorphism was associated with TG or other lipids. Interaction of the -1131T > C SNP with total fat energy intake was observed for plasma TG (P = 0.032) and total cholesterol (P = 0.034). APOA5 S19W interacted with total fat intake in association with systolic (P = 0.002) and diastolic (P = 0.007) blood pressure. Neither SNP was associated with MetS in the overall analysis or after stratifying by total energy intake as fat. In conclusion, Puerto Ricans present a distinctive lipid profile in association with APOA5 polymorphisms. Dietary fat intake seems to modulate these associations. The results contribute to the understanding of health disparities in this population.
Despite the tradition of a diet high in fish oils and abundant physical activity, coronary artery disease is increasing among Alaska Eskimos. Explanations for this observation include lifestyle changes. In this cross-sectional analysis, we evaluated dietary patterns of Alaska Eskimos and investigated the relations between these dietary patterns and known cardiovascular risk factors, including inflammatory markers. We used a principal component analysis with data from FFQ collected in 2000-2004 to determine dietary patterns of Alaska Eskimos. Four dietary patterns were identified: a traditional pattern, plus 3 patterns based on purchased food, one of which reflected healthy food choices. The traditional dietary pattern was associated with lower triglycerides (P < 0.001) and blood pressure (P = 0.04) and slightly higher LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) (P = 0.05). Whereas the healthy purchased diet was associated with a trend toward lower LDL-C (P = 0.09), the beverages and sweets diet was positively associated with LDL-C (P = 0.02). Diet pattern was not associated with inflammatory markers or pathogen burden. Our data show that the traditional diet is related to a better profile of cardiovascular disease risk factors and should be encouraged. Programs are needed to encourage the availability of healthy food choices for those not able to obtain traditional foods.
Melanin-concentrating hormone (MCH), which is a neuropeptide expressed in the hypothalamus of the brain, is involved in regulating feeding behavior and energy homeostasis via the MCH(1) receptor in rodents. It is widely considered that MCH(1) receptor antagonists are worthy of development for medical treatment of obesity. Here we report on the development of an ex vivo receptor occupancy assay using a new radiolabeled MCH(1) receptor antagonist, [(35)S]-compound D. An MCH(1) receptor antagonist inhibited the binding of [(35)S]-compound D to brain slices in a dose-dependent manner. The result showed a good correlation between the receptor occupancy levels and plasma or brain levels of the MCH(1) receptor antagonist, suggesting that the ex vivo receptor binding assay using this radioligand is practical. Quantitative analysis in diet-induced obese mice showed that the efficacy of body weight reduction correlated with the receptor occupancy levels at 24h. Furthermore, more than 90% occupancy levels of MCH(1) receptor antagonists during 24h post-dosing are required for potent efficacy on body weight reduction. The present occupancy assay could be a useful pharmacodynamic marker to quantitatively estimate anti-obese efficacy, and would accelerate the development of MCH(1) receptor antagonists for treatment of obesity.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the content and face validity of the Danish Prostate Symptom Score (DAN-PSS-1) questionnaire in stroke patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Content validity was judged among an expert panel in neuro-urology. The judgement was measured by the content validity index (CVI). Face validity was indicated in a clinical sample of 482 stroke patients in a hospital-based, cross-sectional survey. RESULTS: I-CVI was rated >0.78 (range 0.94-1.00) for 75% of symptom and bother items corresponding to adequate content validity. The expert panel rated the entire DAN-PSS-1 questionnaire highly relevant (S-CVI = 1.00). No experts suggested items omitted or improved. The response rate was 84% and face validity had an acceptable level of completed response for each symptom items (96-98%) and bother items (93-96%) indicating that all items were well interpreted. CONCLUSION: The DAN-PSS-1 questionnaire appears to be content and face valid for measuring lower urinary tract symptoms after stroke. 
Transcript (mRNA) levels are increasingly being used in medicine as molecular biomarkers for disease and disease risk, including use of whole blood as a target tissue for analysis. Development of blood molecular biomarkers for nutritional status, too, has potential application that parallels opportunities in medicine, including providing solid data for individualized nutrition. We previously reported that blood glutathione peroxidase-1 (Gpx1) mRNA was expressed at levels comparable to major tissues in rats and humans. To determine the efficacy of using blood Gpx1 mRNA to assess selenium (Se) status and requirements, we fed graded levels of Se (0-0.3 microg Se/g as selenite) to weanling male rats. Se status was determined by liver Se concentration and selenoenzyme activity, and selenoprotein mRNA abundance in liver and blood was determined by ribonuclease protection analysis. Liver Se and plasma glutathione peroxidase-3 and liver Gpx1 activities indicated that minimal Se requirements were at 0.08 microg Se/g diet. When total RNA was isolated from whole blood, Gpx1 mRNA in Se-deficient rats decreased to 10% of levels in Se-adequate (0.2 microg Se/g diet) rats. With Se supplementation, blood Gpx1 mRNA levels increased sigmoidally to a plateau with a minimum Se requirement of 0.08 microg Se/g diet, whereas glutathione peroxidase-4 mRNA levels were unaffected. Similarly, Gpx1 mRNA in RNA isolated from fractionated red blood cells decreased in Se-deficient rats to 23% of Se-adequate levels, with a minimum Se requirement of 0.09 microg Se/g diet. Additional studies showed that the preponderance of whole blood Gpx1 mRNA arises from erythroid cells, most likely reticulocytes and young erythrocytes. In summary, whole blood selenoprotein mRNA levels can be used as molecular biomarkers for assessing Se requirements, illustrating that whole blood has potential as a target tissue in development of molecular biomarkers for use in nutrition as well as in medicine.
Frequent consumption of nuts lowers the risk of CHD. While lowering blood lipids is one of the mechanisms for cardioprotection, the present study sought to determine whether monounsaturated fat-rich almonds also influence other CHD risk factors such as inflammation and haemostasis. This was a randomised, controlled, crossover feeding study with twenty-five healthy adults (eleven men; fourteen women), age 22-53 years. Following a 2 week run-in phase (34 % energy from fat), subjects were assigned in random order to three diets for 4 weeks each: a heart-healthy control diet with no nuts ( < 30 % energy from fat), low-almond diet and high-almond diet (10 % or 20 % isoenergetic replacement of control diet with almonds, respectively). Serum E-selectin was significantly lower on the high-almond diet compared with the control diet. E-selectin decreased as the percentage of energy from almonds increased (P < 0.0001). C-reactive protein (CRP) was lower in both the almond diets compared with the control diet. A clear dose response was not observed for either E-selectin or CRP. There was no effect of diet on IL-6 or fibrinogen. Tissue plasminogen activator antigen was significantly lower on the control and high-almond diets compared with the low-almond diet, although the values were within normal range. In conclusion, consumption of almonds influenced a few but not all of the markers of inflammation and haemostasis. A clear dose response was not observed for any of the markers studied.
Specific recommendations for anemic individuals consist in increasing red meat intake, but the population at large is advised to reduce consumption of red meat and increase that of fish, in order to prevent the risk of developing cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to determine the effects of consuming an oily fish compared to a red meat diet on iron status in women with low iron stores. The study was designed attending the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT) statement guidelines. It was a randomised crossover dietary intervention study of two 8-week periods. Twenty-five young women with low iron stores completed the study. Two diets containing a total of 8 portions of fish, meat and poultry per week were designed differing only in their oily fish or red meat content (5 portions per week). At the beginning and the end of each period blood samples were taken and hemoglobin, hematocrit, serum ferritin, serum iron, serum transferrin, serum transferrin receptor-2 and the Zn-protoporphyrin/free-protoporphyrin ratio were determined. Food intake and body weight were monitored. During the oily fish diet, PUFA intake was significantly higher (p=0.010) and iron intake lower (mean+/-SD, 11.5+/-3.4 mg/day vs. 13.9+/-0.1 mg/day, p=0.008), both diets providing lower mean daily iron intake than recommended for menstruating women. Although there were no significant differences after 16 weeks, serum ferritin moderately decreased and soluble transferrin receptor increased with the oily fish, while changes with the red meat diet were the opposite. In conclusion, an oily fish diet compared to a red meat diet does not decrease iron status after 8 weeks in iron deficient women.
The Legume Inflammation Feeding Experiment is, to our knowledge, the first randomized crossover feeding trial testing the effects of a legume-enriched, low-glycemic index (GI) diet among men characterized for colorectal adenomas and insulin resistance (IR) status. This study was designed to test the effects of a legume-enriched diet compared with a healthy American (HA) diet under weight-stable conditions. The primary objective was to assess effects on C-reactive protein (CRP) and C-peptide levels. The secondary objective was to assess changes by IR status or history of adenomas. A total of 64 men who completed a colonoscopy within the previous 2 y consumed 2 diets in random order each for 4 wk separated by a washout period. The diets were a legume-enriched (250 g/d), low-GI (GI 38) diet and a high-GI (GI 69) HA diet. We measured fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, CRP, and soluble tumor necrosis factor-alpha receptors I and II (sTNFRI/II) at the beginning and end of the diet periods. Participants who consumed both the legume and HA diets had favorably improved CRP (-20.2 and -18.3%) and sTNFRI (-3.7 and -4.4%) concentrations, respectively. The sTNFRII concentrations declined marginally during the legume diet period (-3.8%; P = 0.060) and significantly during the HA diet period (-5.1%; P < 0.001). Fasting glucose increased significantly during both the legume (+1.8%) and HA (-2.2%) diet periods. Only the changes in glucose differed between the diet periods. Serum C-peptide and plasma insulin levels did not change in participants consuming either diet. Healthful dietary changes can improve biomarkers of IR and inflammation.
Iron may induce oxidative stress via production of reactive oxygen species, facilitating mammary carcinogenesis. This study investigated the role of iron in relation to oxidative stress as a potential risk factor in the development of breast cancer (BC). BC patients (n = 121) and healthy age-matched controls (n = 149) were entered into the study. Iron and antioxidant vitamins intakes were estimated using a quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Thirty one subjects from each group provided blood samples for measurement of serum iron, plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) and ferric reducing ability of plasma (FRAP). Total and non-heme iron intake of BC patients were lower than those of the controls. However, the serum iron level was significantly higher in BC patients. Plasma MDA levels were also significantly higher in BC patients whereas no significant difference in FRAP values were observed between the two groups. Log-transformed serum iron concentration showed no significant correlation with MDA or FRAP. These results suggest that serum iron overload may be a breast cancer risk factor possibly due to increased oxidative stress.
OBJECTIVE: Although magnesium may favorably affect metabolic outcomes, few studies have investigated the role of magnesium intake in systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in humans. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Among 3,713 postmenopausal women aged 50-79 years in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study and free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes at baseline, we measured plasma concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), turnor necrosis factor-alpha receptor 2 (TNF-alpha-R2), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), and E-selectin. Magnesium intake was assessed using a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, ethnicity, clinical center, time of blood draw, smoking, alcohol, physical activity, energy intake, BMI, and diabetes status, magnesium intake was inversely associated with hs-CRP (P for linear trend = 0.003), IL-6 (P < 0.0001), TNF-alpha-R2 (P = 0.0006), and sVCAM-1 (P = 0.06). Similar findings remained after further adjustment for dietary fiber, fruit, vegetables, folate, and saturated and trans fat intake. Multivariable-adjusted geometric means across increasing quintiles of magnesium intake were 3.08, 2.63, 2.31, 2.53, and 2.16 mg/l for hs-CRP (P = 0.005); 2.91, 2.63, 2.45, 2.27, and 2.26 pg/ml for IL-6 (P = 0.0005); and 707, 681, 673, 671, and 656 ng/ml for sVCAM-1 (P = 0.04). An increase of 100 mg/day magnesium was inversely associated with hs-CRP (-0.23 mg/l +/- 0.07; P = 0.002), IL-6 (-0.14 +/- 0.05 pg/ml; P = 0.004), TNF-alpha-R2 (-0.04 +/- 0.02 pg/ml; P = 0.06), and sVCAM-1 (-0.04 +/- 0.02 ng/ml; P = 0.07). No significant ethnic differences were observed. CONCLUSIONS: High magnesium intake is associated with lower concentrations of certain markers of systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in postmenopausal women. 
BACKGROUND: It is well documented that testosterone levels decline with age, this decline is associated with symptoms which could be assessed denoting androgen deficiency. We investigated the validity of an Arabic version of the Saint Louis University androgen deficiency in ageing men (ADAM) questionnaire to screen for androgen deficiency in Saudi and non Saudi Arabic speaking men. METHODS: It was a cross sectional study of ambulatory community-based Arabic Saudi men recruited from Volunteers in Riyadh city, Capital of Saudi Arabia, aged 18-80 years. Seven hundred thirty men agreed to fill the Arabic ADAM questionnaire, they were invited to a morning blood sample for total testosterone and sex hormone binding globulin and those who agreed to complete the whole study were only 407 men. Low serum bioavailable testosterone (BT) levels (androgen deficiency) were defined as <10th percentile of serum BT levels in young healthy Saudi men (18-30 years). RESULTS: Cronbach's Alpha of 0.71 (n = 730) showed a good internal consistency of the Arabic ADAM questionnaire. Among participants, 18.2% and 77.6% had low serum BT levels and a positive ADAM questionnaire, respectively. The prevalence of positive ADAM and low serum BT is increasing with age. The Arabic ADAM questionnaire had a high sensitivity of 86.5%, a low specificity of 24.3%, and positive predictive values (+PVs) and negative (-PVs) of 20.3% and 89%, respectively. CONCLUSION: The Arabic ADAM questionnaire has a very good sensitivity but very low specificity for screening of androgen deficiency in Saudi men, therefore biological confirmation is needed especially when clinical symptoms of androgen deficiency are present. 
Understanding the oxygen consumption of the left ventricular myocardium provides important insight into the relationship between myocardial oxygen supply and demand. In other territories, cardiac magnetic resonance has been utilized to measure myocardial oxygen consumption with a blood level oxygen dependent (BOLD) technique. The BOLD technology requires repetitive sampling of stationary tissues and is frequently implemented in areas such as the brain. A limitation to utilizing BOLD cardiac magnetic resonance techniques in the heart has been cardiac motion. In this study, we document a methodology for acquiring BOLD images in the heart and demonstrate the utility of the technique for identifying associations between myocardial oxygen consumption and blood flow.
OBJECTIVE: With the upsurge in online dietary modification programmes, online dietary assessment tools are needed to capture food intake. Although the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet is recommended by the US Department of Agriculture, there are no online instruments that capture DASH food servings. Our objective was to assess the validity of a new, short, online dietary questionnaire developed to capture intake of DASH food servings. The DASH Online Questionnaire (OLQ) was validated against the well-known Block Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ). DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional validation of the DASH OLQ, which contained eleven food groups (breakfast cereals; dairy; drinks; fats and oils; fruits; grains and snacks; meat, fish and poultry; mixed dishes; sweets; vegetables; and nuts, seeds and legumes). Each subject completed a DASH OLQ once weekly for four weeks and one 98.2 Block FFQ (110 questions) between weeks 2 and 4. DASH OLQ were averaged and then compared with the Block FFQ for nutrient intakes as well as intakes of DASH food groups. SETTING: Boston University Medical Center, Boston, Massachusetts. SUBJECTS: One hundred and ninety-one faculty and staff at Boston University Medical Center aged 20-70 years. RESULTS: There were significant positive correlations between the Block FFQ and the DASH OLQ for all food groups ranging from r = 0.8 for the nuts/seeds/legumes category to r = 0.3 for vegetables and mixed dishes. A comparison of nutrient intakes found strong positive correlations in all nutrient categories. Of particular interest in the DASH diet and the web-based nutrition and physical activity programme were total fat (r = 0.62), total carbohydrate (r = 0.67), total K (r = 0.68), total Ca (r = 0.69), total vitamin C (r = 0.60) and total energy intake (r = 0.68). CONCLUSIONS: The DASH OLQ captures food and nutrient intake well in relation to the more established Block FFQ. 
A highly regulated homeostatic system governs body weight; however, it is possible that this system might be impaired by the sustained intake of highly palatable foods. Short-term feeding studies suggest that the appetite-stimulating hormone ghrelin is suppressed less effectively by dietary fat intake, and diets high in sucrose decrease levels of the adipose hormone leptin. We hypothesized that higher habitual intake of dietary fat and carbohydrate (CHO) would be associated with elevated concentrations of circulating plasma ghrelin and lower circulating leptin in humans, a hormonal profile that could promote weight gain. To test our hypothesis, we examined the cross-sectional associations of ghrelin and leptin with the habitual macronutrient intake of 165 healthy overweight and obese sedentary women and tested the modifying role of insulin in these associations. We observed a significant inverse association between leptin concentrations and percentage energy from CHO independent of body mass index, percentage body fat, age, and intraabdominal fat (beta = -0.11 P = .04). No significant associations were observed between ghrelin and macronutrients or their subtypes among the total cohort. Among women with insulin concentrations at or greater than the median, we found a statistically significant positive association between intake of saturated fat and ghrelin concentrations, as well as additional statistically significant associations between leptin concentrations and macronutrients not observed among the total cohort. Our results provide some evidence that diets higher in fat and CHO are associated with a hormonal profile (ie, lower leptin and higher ghrelin concentrations), which could enhance weight gain, particularly among individuals with higher circulating insulin concentrations.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: beta-Carotene is often used as a marker for the amount of fruit and vegetables consumed, but little is known about plasma beta-carotene concentrations in subjects whose habitual (long-term) diets are characterized by different amounts of foods of plant origin. We compared dietary beta-carotene intake and plasma concentrations in women on habitual diets differing in the consumed amounts of foods of plant origin. METHODS: A comparison of dietary beta-carotene intakes and plasma beta-carotene concentrations in women adhering to an average Western diet (n = 172), wholesome nutrition (following preventive recommendations) (n = 238) or a raw food diet (n = 104). RESULTS: Dietary beta-carotene intake was 5.5, 9.3, 14.7 mg/day for women adhering to an average Western diet, wholesome nutrition and raw food diet, respectively (p < 0.001). Corresponding multivariate adjusted plasma beta-carotene concentrations were 1.07, 1.65, and 1.16 micromol/l, respectively (p < 0.001). Comparable dietary beta-carotene intake resulted in lower multivariate adjusted plasma beta-carotene in women adhering to a raw food diet and average Western diet compared to those on wholesome nutrition (p < 0.001 for all intake groups up to 20 mg/day). The amount of fruit and vegetable intake did not predict plasma beta-carotene levels in women consuming a raw food diet. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma beta-carotene concentrations differed among the diet groups, with highest plasma levels in women adhering to wholesome nutrition. Plasma beta-carotene concentrations may not reflect beta-carotene intake and the amount of fruit and vegetables consumed. 
For various reasons, many people suspected of driving under the influence of alcohol (DUIA) are not apprehended sitting behind the wheel, but some time after the driving. This gives them the opportunity to claim they drank alcohol after the time of driving or after they were involved in a road-traffic crash. Alleged post-offence drinking is not easy for the prosecution to disprove, which often means that the DUIA charge is dropped or the person is acquitted if the case goes to trial. The routine practice of sampling and measuring the concentration of alcohol in blood (BAC) and urine (UAC) and calculating urine/blood ratios (UAC/BAC) and the changes in UAC between two successive voids furnishes useful information to support or challenge alleged drinking after driving. We present here a retrospective case series of DUIA offenders (N=40) in half of which there was supporting evidence of an after-drink (eye witness or police reports) and in the other half no such evidence existed apart from the suspect's admission. When there was supporting evidence of an after-drink, the UAC/BAC ratio for the first void was close to or less than unity (mean 1.04, median 1.08, range 0.54-1.21) and the UAC increased by 0.21 g/L (range 0.02-0.57) between the two voids. Without any supporting evidence of post-offence drinking the mean UAC/BAC ratio was 1.46 (range 1.35-1.93) for the first void, verifying that absorption and distribution of alcohol in all body fluids and tissues was complete. In these cases, the UAC between successive voids decreased by 0.25 g/L on average (range 0.10-0.49), indicating the post-absorptive phase of the BAC curve. Long experience from investigating claims of post-offence drinking leads us to conclude that in the vast majority of cases this lacks any substance and is simply a last resort by DUIA offenders to evade justice. Unless supporting evidence exists (eye witness, police reports, etc.) of post-offence drinking the courts are encouraged to ignore this defence argument.
This study aimed to present the content validity and reliability analyses of an instrument to study the determinant factors of salt consumption among hypertensive subjects, based on an extension of the Theory of Planned Behavior. Content validity was assessed by 3 experts and a pre-test was carried out with 5 subjects. The final tool, comprising 3 different behaviors related to salt consumption and corresponding psychosocial variables, was applied to 32 subjects for internal consistency and temporal stability (15-day interval) analysis. Cronbach's alpha coefficients > 0.70 and significant intra-class correlation coefficients were observed for most variables, indicating the temporal stability of the measured concepts. The developed instrument exhibited evidence of both content validity and reliability.
OBJECTIVE The American Diabetes Association advocates insulin regimens for youth with type 1 diabetes that involve adjusting insulin dose based on carbohydrate intake and blood glucose level. Implementing these regimens requires knowledge about carbohydrate content of foods and subsequent calculations of insulin dose, skills that may be difficult to gauge in practice. Therefore, we sought to develop and validate a questionnaire, the PedCarbQuiz (PCQ), to assess carbohydrate and insulin-dosing knowledge in youth with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS After development by an expert panel, the PCQ was administered to 75 youth with type 1 diabetes or their parents. Reliability was assessed by Cronbach alpha and split-half testing. To assess validity, scores were correlated with A1C, expert assessments, parent educational level, and complexity of insulin regimen. RESULTS PCQ mean score was 87 +/- 9.7% (range 42-98%). Cronbach alpha was 0.88, and correlation of split halves was 0.59 (P < 0.0001). Higher PCQ scores correlated significantly with lower A1C (r = -0.29, P = 0.01) and expert assessments (r = 0.56, P < 0.001). Scores were significantly higher in parents with college degrees than in those without (P = 0.01) and in participants with more complex insulin regimens (P = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS The PCQ is a novel, easily administered instrument to assess knowledge about carbohydrates and insulin dosing calculations. Initial analyses support the reliability and validity of the PCQ.
Folate is generally considered as a safe water-soluble vitamin for supplementation. However, we do not have enough information to confirm the potential effects and safety of folate supplementation and the interaction with vitamin B(12) deficiency. It has been hypothesized that a greater methyl group supply could lead to compensation for vitamin B(12) deficiency. On this basis, the present study was conducted to examine the effects of high-dose folic acid (FA) supplementation on biomarkers involved in the methionine cycle in vitamin B(12)-deficient rats. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed diets containing either 0 or 100 microg (daily dietary requirement) vitamin B(12)/kg diet with either 2 mg (daily dietary requirement) or 100 mg FA/kg diet for six weeks. Vitamin B(12)-deficiency resulted in increased plasma homocysteine (p<0.01), which was normalized by dietary supplementation of high-dose FA (p<0.01). However, FA supplementation and vitamin B(12) deficiency did not alter hepatic and brain S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) and S-adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) concentrations and hepatic DNA methylation. These results indicated that supplementation of high-dose FA improved homocysteinemia in vitamin B(12)-deficiency but did not change SAM and SAH, the main biomarkers of methylating reaction.
OBJECTIVE: The estimation of dietary intake in population-based studies is often assessed by the FFQ. The objective of our study is to evaluate the validity of an FFQ used to assess dietary fatty acid intake among middle-aged Chinese adults in Southern China. DESIGN: The method of triads was applied to obtain the validity coefficients (VC) of the FFQ for specific fatty acids. A subsample was randomly selected from an earlier cross-sectional study. The FFQ and 3d dietary records were used for dietary assessment, and the fatty acid composition of erythrocyte membranes was determined as the biomarker. RESULTS: The Spearman correlation coefficients between the FFQ and 3d dietary records were moderate to good (r = 0.28-0.66). The VC of the FFQ estimated by the method of triads were 0.72, 0.61, 0.65, 0.75 and 0.67 for MUFA, total n-6 fatty acids, alpha-linolenic acid, EPA and DHA, respectively. The VC could not be calculated for SFA, PUFA and total n-3 fatty acids because of negative correlations among the three measurements. But, the correlations between the FFQ and the dietary records were moderate for these fatty acids. CONCLUSIONS: Our FFQ applied in Southern Chinese adults was valid to estimate their dietary fatty acid intake and was thus suitable for use in a large cohort study. 
OBJECTIVE: We investigated the antioxidant potential and hypocholesterolemic effects of acai (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) pulp ingestion in rats fed a standard or hypercholesterolemic diet. METHODS: Female Fischer rats were fed a standard AIN-93 M diet (control) or a hypercholesterolemic diet that contained 25% soy oil and 1% cholesterol. The test diet was supplemented with 2% acai pulp (dry wt/wt) for control (group CA) and hypercholesterolemic rats (group HA) for 6 wk. At the end of the experimental period, rats were sacrificed and the blood and livers were collected. To evaluate the effect of acai consumption, levels of protein carbonyl and sulfhydryl groups, superoxide dismutase and paraoxonase activities, and lipid profiles of the sera were measured. RESULTS: Animals that were fed the hypercholesterolemic diet presented increased levels of total and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and decreased levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Supplementing the diet of this group with acai caused a hypocholesterolemic effect by reducing total and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Serum levels of carbonyl proteins and total, free, and protein sulfhydryl groups were reduced by acai ingestion in animals receiving the standard or hypercholesterolemic diet. Acai supplementation induced a significant reduction in superoxide dismutase activity only in the hypercholesterolemic rats, indicating an association between diet and acai treatment. Also, acai supplementation increased paraoxonase activity in the CA and HA groups. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that the consumption of acai improves antioxidant status and has a hypocholesterolemic effect in an animal model of dietary-induced hypercholesterolemia. 
Folate deficiency has been implicated in the etiology of unipolar depression. In this study, we attempted to cross-link plasma folate, depressive symptoms, and dietary quality (or dietary intake of folate) together in a comprehensive framework, while examining effect modification of those associations by sex. This was a cross-sectional, population-based study of 1681 participants aged 30-64 y (Healthy Aging in Neighborhoods of Diversity across the Lifespan Study). Participants were administered the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression scale (CES-D). Measures of plasma folate and dietary intakes (2 24-h recalls) from which the 2005-Healthy Eating Index (HEI) was computed were available. Multivariate logistic regression and structural equation modeling (SM) were conducted. Compared with the lowest tertile, the middle and uppermost tertiles of plasma folate were associated with a 39-40% reduced odds of elevated CES-D (> or =16) among women [adjusted odds ratio (T(3) vs. T(1)) = 0.60 (95% CI = 0.42-0.86); P = 0.006]. Confounding of this association by HEI(total) was noted among both men and women, although dietary folate did not confound this association appreciably. In SM, plasma folate completely mediated the inverse HEI(total)-CES-D association among men only, specifically for HEI(2) (higher intakes of whole fruits), HEI(3) (total vegetables), HEI(5) (total grains), HEI(6) (whole grains), HEI(7) (milk), and HEI(12) (lower discretionary energy). Among women, HEI(total) and 4 components had an inverse direct effect on CES-D score, suggesting a mechanism that is independent of plasma folate. Depressive symptoms in our study may be alleviated by improving overall dietary quality, with plasma folate playing a potential mediating role only among men.
The purpose of the present study was to determine calorimetric parameters to predict obesity adverse effects on oxidative stress and cardiac energy metabolism. Male Wistar 24 rats were divided into three groups (n = 8): given standard chow and water (C), receiving standard chow and 30% sucrose in its drinking water (S), and given sucrose-rich diet and water (SRD). After 45 days, both S and SRD rats had obesity, serum oxidative stress, and dyslipidemic profile, but the body weight gain and feed efficiency (FE) were higher in SRD than in S, whereas the obesity-related oxidative stress, myocardial triacylglycerol accumulation, and enhanced cardiac lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activity were higher in S than in SRD rats. Myocardial beta-hydroxyacyl coenzyme-A-dehydrogenase was lower in SRD and in S than in C, whereas glycogen was only depleted in S rats. Myocardial pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) was lowest in S rats indicating depressed glucose oxidation. There was higher myocardial LDH/citrate synthase (CS) ratio and lower adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-synthetase indicating delayed aerobic metabolism in S rats than in the others. Cardiac ATP-synthetase was positively correlated with energy expenditure, namely resting metabolic rate (RMR), and with oxygen consumption per body weight (VO(2)/body weight). Myocardial lipid hydroperoxide (LH)/ total antioxidant substances (TAS) ratio and triacylglycerol accumulation were negatively correlated with RMR and with VO(2)/body weight. In conclusion, the present study brought new insights into obesity because the study demonstrated for the first time that reduced energy expenditure and oxygen consumption may provide novel risk factors of obesity-induced reduced energy generation for myocardial contractile function. The results serve to highlight the role of calorimetric changes as novel biomarkers of risk to obesity-induced cardiac effects.
Based on epidemiological data, chronic exposure to high levels of inorganic arsenic in drinking water is carcinogenic to humans, inducing skin, urinary bladder and lung tumors. In vivo, inorganic arsenic is metabolized to organic methylated arsenicals including the highly toxic dimethylarsinous acid (DMA(III)) and monomethylarsonous acid (MMA(III)). Short-term treatment of rats with 100 microg/g trivalent arsenic (As(III)) as sodium arsenite in the diet or in drinking water induced cytotoxicity and necrosis of the urothelial superficial layer, with increased cell proliferation and hyperplasia. The objectives of this study were to determine if these arsenic-induced urothelial effects are dose responsive, the dose of arsenic at which urothelial effects are not detected, and the urinary concentrations of the arsenical metabolites. We treated female F344 rats for 5 weeks with sodium arsenite at dietary doses of 0, 1, 10, 25, 50, and 100 ppm. Cytotoxicity, cell proliferation and hyperplasia of urothelial superficial cells were increased in a dose-responsive manner, with maximum effects found at 50 ppm As(III). There were no effects at 1 ppm As(III). The main urinary arsenical in As(III)-treated rats was the organic arsenical dimethylarsinic acid (DMA(V)). The thio-metabolites dimethylmonothioarsinic acid (DMMTA(V)) and monomethylmonothioarsinic acid (MMMTA(V)) were also found in the urine of As(III)-treated rats. The LC(50) concentrations of DMMTA(V) for rat and human urothelial cells in vitro were similar to trivalent oxygen-containing arsenicals. These data suggest that dietary As(III)-induced urothelial cytotoxicity and proliferation are dose responsive, and the urothelial effects have a threshold corresponding to the urinary excretion of measurable reactive metabolites.
BACKGROUND: Although the associations between grilled (broiled) or barbecued meats or fish intake and stomach cancer risk have been investigated, the evidence implicating heterocyclic amine (HCA) intake as a cause of stomach cancer is limited. We conducted a case-control study to investigate the association between HCA intake and stomach cancer risk. We also investigated the possible effect of genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 on stomach cancer. METHODS: HCA exposure data were assessed using a self-administered food-frequency questionnaire, and estimated HCA intake was verified by measuring 2-amino-1-methyl-6-phenylimidazo[4,5-b]pyridine (PhIP) values in human hair. A total of 149 cases and 296 controls were included in the analyses. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated, using conditional logistic regression analysis, to compare intake levels between the first and third tertiles. RESULTS: Results showed no statistically significant increase in the risk of stomach cancer with respect to total HCA intake (OR, 1.11; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.36, 3.49), or with respect to the intake of individual HCAs; namely, PhIP, 2-amino-3, 4-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (MeIQ), and 2-amino-3,8-dimethylimidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline (MeIQx). Genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 did not influence the association of HCA intake with stomach cancer. CONCLUSION: In the present study, with a limited sample size of subjects with low HCA exposure, no association was found between HCA intake and stomach cancer, nor was there any evidence of any influence by genetic polymorphisms of NAT2, CYP1A1, and CYP1A2 on the risk of stomach cancer. 
Few food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) have been developed specifically for use among African Americans, and reports of FFQ performance among African Americans or low-income groups assessed using biochemical indicators are scarce. The authors conducted a validation study within the Southern Community Cohort Study to evaluate FFQ-estimated intakes of alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein/zeaxanthin, lycopene, folate, and alpha-tocopherol in relation to blood levels of these nutrients. Included were 255 nonsmoking participants (125 African Americans, 130 non-Hispanic whites) who provided a blood sample at the time of study enrollment and FFQ administration in 2002-2004. Levels of biochemical indicators of each micronutrient (alpha-tocopherol among women only) significantly increased with increasing FFQ-estimated intake (adjusted correlation coefficients: alpha-carotene, 0.35; beta-carotene, 0.28; beta-cryptoxanthin, 0.35; lutein/zeaxanthin, 0.28; lycopene, 0.15; folate, 0.26; alpha-tocopherol, 0.26 among women; all P's < 0.05). Subjects in the top decile of FFQ intake had blood levels that were 27% (lycopene) to 178% (beta-cryptoxanthin) higher than those of subjects in the lowest decile. Satisfactory FFQ performance was noted even for participants with less than a high school education. Some variation was noted in the FFQ's ability to predict blood levels for subgroups defined by race, sex, and other characteristics, but overall the Southern Community Cohort Study FFQ appears to generate useful dietary exposure rankings in the cohort.
BACKGROUND: Studies have questioned whether the current Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA) of 2.4 microg vitamin B-12/d is adequate. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between dietary vitamin B-12 intake and biomarkers of vitamin B-12 status. DESIGN: Dietary vitamin B-12 intake was estimated, and biomarkers of vitamin B-12 status were measured, in healthy men and women (n = 299; age range: 18-50 y) who were recruited from a Florida community. The National Cancer Institute Diet History Questionnaire was used. Plasma cobalamin, total transcobalamin, holo-transcobalamin, methylmalonic acid (MMA), total homocysteine (tHcy), and autoantibodies against intrinsic factor (IF) and Helicobacter pylori were analyzed in blood samples. RESULTS: Antibodies to H. pylori were detected in 12% of subjects (35/299), and negative results for IF antibodies were obtained for all subjects. The intake of vitamin B-12 correlated significantly with cobalamin, holo-transcobalamin, MMA, and tHcy. Subjects were divided into quintiles on the basis of their dietary vitamin B-12 intake (range: 0.42-22.7 microg/d), and biomarkers of vitamin B-12 status were plotted against estimated dietary vitamin B-12 intake. All biomarkers appeared to level off at a daily dietary vitamin B-12 intake between 4.2 and 7.0 microg. CONCLUSION: In persons with normal absorption, our data indicate that an intake of 4-7 microg vitamin B-12/d is associated with an adequate vitamin B-12 status, which suggests that the current RDA of 2.4 microg vitamin B-12/d might be inadequate for optimal biomarker status even in a healthy population between 18 and 50 y of age. 
OBJECTIVE: To date, only a few nutritional assessment methods have been validated against the biomarker of urinary-N excretion for use in children and adolescents. The aim of the present study was to validate protein intake from one day of a weighed dietary record against protein intake estimated from a simultaneously collected 24 h urine sample. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analyses including 439 participants of the Dortmund Nutritional and Longitudinally Designed (DONALD) Study from four age groups (3-4, 7-8, 11-13 and 18-23 years). Mean differences, Pearson correlation coefficients (r), cross-classifications and Bland-Altman plots were used to assess agreement between methods. RESULTS: Weighed dietary records significantly underestimated mean protein intake by -6.4 (95 % CI -8.2, -4.7) g/d or -11 %, with the difference increasing across the age groups from -0.6 (95 % CI -2.7, 1.5) g/d at age 3-4 years to -13.5 (95 % CI -18.7, -8.3) g/d at age 18-23 years. Correlation coefficients were r = 0.7 for the total study sample and ranged from r = 0.5 to 0.6 in the different age groups. Both methods classified 85 % into the same/adjacent quartile for the whole study group (83-86 % for the different age groups) and 2.5 % into the opposite quartile (1.9-3.1 % for the different age groups). Bland-Altman plots for the total sample indicated that differences in protein intake increased across the range of protein intake, while this bias was not obvious within the age groups. CONCLUSIONS: Protein intake in children and adolescents can be estimated with acceptable validity by weighed dietary records. In this age-heterogeneous sample, validity was lower among adolescents and young adults. 
11-Nor-Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol-9-carboxylic acid ethyl ester (THC-COOEt) can be presumed to be a mixed metabolite formed during combined consumption of cannabinoids and alcohol. In order to examine this hypothesis, THC-COOEt and its deuterated analogue D(3)-THC-COOEt were synthesized as reference substance and internal standard from the corresponding carboxylic acids and diazoethane and methods were developed for the sensitive detection of THC-COOEt in plasma and hair based on gas chromatography-electron impact mass spectrometry after silylation with N-methyl-N-tert-butyldimethylsilyl-trifluoroacetamide and gas chromatography-negative chemical ionization mass spectrometry (GC-NCI-MS) as well as tandem mass spectrometry (GC-NCI-MS-MS) after derivatization with pentafluoropropionyl anhydride. The methods were applied for THC-COOEt determination to plasma samples from 22 drunk driving cases which contained both ethanol (0.30-2.16 mg/g) and THC-COOH (15-252 ng/mL) as well as to 12 hair samples from drug fatalities which were both positive for THC (0.09-2.04 ng/mg) and fatty acid ethyl esters as markers of chronic alcohol abuse (0.70-6.3 ng/mg). In none of these samples THC-COOEt could be found with limits of detection of 0.3 ng/mL in plasma and 2 pg/mg in hair in 11 samples using GC-NCI-MS and 0.2 pg/mg in one sample using GC-NCI-MS. Therefore, the use of this compound as a marker for combined cannabis and alcohol consumption could not be achieved.
BACKGROUND: Low nutrient intakes of folate, vitamins B(6) and B(12) have been associated with the risk of chronic diseases and neural tube defects. The aim of this study was to develop a brief food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for the assessment of these nutrient intakes and to assess its validity. METHODS: We developed a brief FFQ designed specifically for estimating intakes of folate and vitamins B(6) and B(12) and covering 21 food items, and used it to carry out dietary surveys of 579 Japanese men and women. The associations of these vitamin intakes with their serum levels and homocysteine concentrations were examined using multiple linear regression analysis after adjusting for sex, age and cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: The Spearman correlation coefficients between vitamin intakes and their serum concentrations were 0.10 for folate, 0.08 for vitamin B(6) and 0.22 for B(12). Changes in plasma homocysteine concentrations associated with a one-standard-deviation increment were -0.03 for dietary folate, -0.03 for dietary vitamin B(6) and -0.03 for dietary vitamin B(12), and were -0.06 for serum folate, -0.03 for serum vitamin B(6) and -0.06 for serum vitamin B(12). CONCLUSION: Positive correlations between dietary intakes estimated from our brief FFQ and serum concentrations for folate and vitamin B(12) as well as negative correlations between dietary intakes and plasma homocysteine concentrations suggest the usefulness of this questionnaire. 
AIMS: To assess the association of alcohol intake with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), uric acid and leukocyte count in blood, and whether sex and body mass index (BMI) modify these associations. METHODS: Individuals aged > or =18 years were randomly selected from the population of Porto, Portugal (70% of participation). A total of 840 women and 490 men with reliable information on inflammatory markers and alcohol intake, obtained from a validated food frequency questionnaire, were studied. Associations and their respective trends were estimated from generalized linear models, with adjustment for potential confounders. Analyses were stratified by sex and BMI. RESULTS: In women, adjusted hs-CRP levels (mg/l) were 2.69 in non-drinkers, 2.25 in drinkers of >0-15 g alcohol/day, 2.32 in drinkers of >15-30 g alcohol/day and 3.18 in drinkers of >30 g alcohol/day (P-value for the quadratic trend <0.001). In men, the association between alcohol intake and hs-CRP was positive and linear (P-value for the linear trend = 0.014). Alcohol intake was also positively and linearly associated with uric acid in each sex. Body weight modified these associations, which remained statistically significant only in normal-weight (BMI <25 kg/m(2)) women and overweight (BMI > or =25 kg/m(2)) men for hs-CRP, and in normal-weight individuals for uric acid. No significant association between alcohol intake and leukocyte count was found. CONCLUSIONS: The association of alcohol intake with hs-CRP was J-shaped in women but positive and linear-shaped in men. Alcohol intake was directly associated with uric acid in men and women. BMI modifies the effect of alcohol on hs-CRP and uric acid levels in each sex. 
BACKGROUND: Few studies have examined the associations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) with biomarkers of chronic disease risk in populations with high intakes. OBJECTIVE: We examined the associations of red blood cell (RBC) EPA and DHA, as percentages of total fatty acids, with biomarkers of chronic disease risk across a wide range of EPA and DHA intakes. DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study of 357 Yup'ik Eskimos, generalized additive models were used to plot covariate-adjusted associations of EPA and DHA with chronic disease biomarkers. Linear regression models were used to test for the statistical significance of these associations. RESULTS: Means (5th-95th percentiles) for RBC EPA and DHA were 2.8% (0.5-5.9%) and 6.8% (3.3-9.0%), respectively. Associations of EPA and DHA were inverse and linear for triglycerides (beta +/- SE = -0.10 +/- 0.01 and -0.05 +/- 0.01, respectively) and positive and linear for HDL cholesterol (beta +/- SE = 2.0 +/- 0.5 and 0.9 +/- 0.6, respectively) and apolipoprotein A-I (beta +/- SE = 2.6 +/- 0.8 and 1.7 +/- 0.8, respectively). Positive linear associations of DHA with LDL and total cholesterol (beta +/- SE = 7.5 +/- 1.4 and 6.80 +/- 1.57, respectively) were observed; for EPA, these associations were nonlinear and restricted to concentrations approximately <5% of total fatty acids. Associations of EPA and DHA with C-reactive protein were inverse and nonlinear: for EPA, the association appeared stronger at concentrations approximately >3% of total fatty acids; for DHA, it was observed only at concentrations approximately >7% of total fatty acids. CONCLUSION: Increasing EPA and DHA intakes to amounts well above those consumed by the general US population may have strong beneficial effects on chronic disease risk. 
This study was performed to investigate the association between hair mineral levels and nutrient intakes, age, and BMI in female adults who visited a woman's clinic located in Seoul. Dietary intakes were assessed by food frequency questionnaire and mineral levels were measured in collected hairs, and the relationship between these was examined. The average daily nutrient intakes of subjects were compared to those of the KDRIs, and the energy intake status was fair. The average intake of calcium in women of 50 years and over was 91.35% of KDRIs and the potassium intake was greatly below the recommended levels in all age groups. In the average hair mineral contents in subjects, calcium and copper exceeded far more than the reference range while selenium was very low with 85.19% of subjects being lower than the reference value. In addition, the concentrations of sodium, potassium, iron, and manganese in the hair were below the reference ranges in over 15% of subjects. The concentrations of sodium, chromium, sulfur, and cadmium in the hair showed positive correlations (P < 0.05) with age, but the hair zinc level showed a negative correlation (P < 0.05) with age. The concentrations of sodium, potassium, chromium, and cadmium in the hair showed positive correlations (P < 0.05) with BMI. Some mineral levels in subjects of this study showed significant correlations with nutrient intakes, but it seems that the hair mineral content is not directly influenced by each mineral intake. As described above, some hair mineral levels in female adults deviated from the normal range, and it is considered that nutritional intervention to control the imbalance of mineral nutrition is required. Also, as some correlations were shown between hair mineral levels and age, BMI, and nutrient intakes, the possibility of utilizing hair mineral analysis for specific purposes in the future is suggested.
BACKGROUND: A low sodium diet is an established intervention in the treatment of impaired renal function and hypertension which may modulate cardiovascular risk independent of recognised antihypertensive effects. Epidemiological data suggest that dietary sodium intake may be associated with systemic inflammation: another potential pathophysiological mechanism by which sodium intake may modify vascular disease. METHODS: We tested the hypothesis that adopting a low sodium diet may decrease biomarkers of systemic inflammation or coagulation using data from a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial. Participants (n=171; aged 18-65 years) in a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial of a low sodium diet for 6 weeks provided paired serum samples for analysis to assess the impact of adopting a low sodium diet on biomarkers of systemic inflammation and coagulation. RESULTS: There was a significant difference in 24-hour sodium urinary excretion between the low sodium intake and the normal sodium intake groups of 43 mmol (p<0.001). In the primary analysis there was no effect of adopting a low sodium diet on serum D-dimers, but high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) was reduced by 1.13 mg/L (95% confidence interval [95% CI], 0.03 to 2.22). However, after elimination of outlying high values for baseline serum hsCRP (>10 mg/L), this effect was attenuated (-0.47 mg/L; 95% CI, -1.25 to 0.31). CONCLUSIONS: Using data from a randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial in asthma with objective confirmation of adherence to the low sodium diet, we report that adopting a low sodium diet for 6 weeks has no effect on measures of systemic inflammation or coagulation. 
BACKGROUND: Although the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet has been shown to lower blood pressure (BP) in short-term feeding studies, it has not been shown to lower BP among free-living individuals, nor has it been shown to alter cardiovascular biomarkers of risk. OBJECTIVE: To compare the DASH diet alone or combined with a weight management program with usual diet controls among participants with prehypertension or stage 1 hypertension (systolic BP, 130-159 mm Hg; or diastolic BP, 85-99 mm Hg). DESIGN AND SETTING: Randomized, controlled trial in a tertiary care medical center with assessments at baseline and 4 months. Enrollment began October 29, 2003, and ended July 28, 2008. PARTICIPANTS: Overweight or obese, unmedicated outpatients with high BP (N = 144). INTERVENTIONS: Usual diet controls, DASH diet alone, and DASH diet plus weight management. OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measure is BP measured in the clinic and by ambulatory BP monitoring. Secondary outcomes included pulse wave velocity, flow-mediated dilation of the brachial artery, baroreflex sensitivity, and left ventricular mass. RESULTS: Clinic-measured BP was reduced by 16.1/9.9 mm Hg (DASH plus weight management); 11.2/7.5 mm (DASH alone); and 3.4/3.8 mm (usual diet controls) (P < .001). A similar pattern was observed for ambulatory BP (P < .05). Greater improvement was noted for DASH plus weight management compared with DASH alone for pulse wave velocity, baroreflex sensitivity, and left ventricular mass (all P < .05). CONCLUSION: For overweight or obese persons with above-normal BP, the addition of exercise and weight loss to the DASH diet resulted in even larger BP reductions, greater improvements in vascular and autonomic function, and reduced left ventricular mass. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00571844. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association of antioxidant nutritional status with the risk of atopic dermatitis (AD) in young children in a case-control, population-based study. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Identified from preschools by using the Korean version of the International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Childhood (ISAAC). Final analysis included 180 AD (mean age 5.3+/-0.9 years) and 242 non-AD (mean age 5.2+/-1.0 years) children. Diet was assessed using a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Fasting blood samples were used for analyses of fat-soluble vitamins (retinol, alpha-tocopherol, and beta-carotene) and vitamin C. RESULTS: AD was associated negatively with intakes of antioxidant-related nutrients. The adjusted odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) were 0.44 (0.22-0.88) for the highest (vs lowest) quintile of beta-carotene. A similar association was observed for dietary vitamin E (OR=0.33, 95% CI=0.16-0.67), folic acid (OR=0.37, 95% CI=0.18-0.73), and iron (OR=0.39, 95% CI=0.19-0.79). Reduced AD risk was found with 1 s.d. increase of serum alpha-tocopherol [OR=0.64, 95% CI=0.41-0.98) and retinol (OR=0.74, 95% CI=0.58-0.96) concentrations, and marginally with that of serum beta-carotene levels (P=0.0749 for trend). There was no relationship of AD risk with dietary and plasma vitamin C as well as nutrient supplement intake regardless of nutrient type. AD was predicted better by the intake measure than the corresponding blood biomarker regarding vitamin E and beta-carotene. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that higher antioxidant nutritional status reduces the risk of AD and that such risk-reduction effects depend on nutrient type. 
This study was designed to assess the effects of saffron (Crocus sativus) on rats' heart with isoproterenol-induced myocardial injury. Animals were divided randomly into four groups: vehicle-control group (CTL); ISO group, administrated with Isoproterenol 85 mg/kg s.c.; saffron group; and finally combined Saffron + ISO group. Basal and final serum levels of heart troponin I, heart tissue antioxidants and histopathological indices were assessed in all groups. Isoproterenol administration significantly increased serum level of troponin I when compared to control group (3.46 +/- 0.77 vs. 0.53 +/- 0.35 ml in ng/ml, P < 0.001) and reduced significantly the glutathione peroxidase activity of heart muscle (1.63 +/- 0.21 vs. 4.01 +/- 0.64 nmol/mg protein, P < 0.05). The grade of heart muscle damages was severe in more than 70% of ISO group animals. Saffron + ISO group showed remarkably decreased intensity of tissue destruction and significantly decreased serum levels of heart troponin I, when compared to ISO group (1.25 +/- 0.23 vs. 3.46 +/- 0.77 ng/ml, P < 0.05). The level of glutathione peroxidase activity in Saffron + ISO animals did not have significant decline compared to saffron alone. These results suggest the protective role of saffron on ischemic hearts by biochemical and histopathological findings.
The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between total daily fluoride intake (TDFI), daily urinary fluoride excretion (DUFE) and fractional fluoride retention (FFR) using available data, in order to clarify the ability of DUFE to predict TDFI and, therefore, the risk of fluorosis development. Examination of published reports of simultaneous measurement of TDFI and DUFE, together with data from two unpublished Chilean studies, yielded data for 212 children aged less than 7 years and for 283 adults aged 18-75 years, providing a total of 212 and 269 data points, respectively. The relationship between DUFE and TDFI was studied for children and adults, separately. Daily fluoride retention (DFR) was estimated as a function of TDFI in children and adults assuming an average 90% fluoride absorption, and the numerical relationships between the estimated FFR and the TDFI were explored. Limiting FFR values of 0.55 and 0.36 were found for children and adults, respectively, above a threshold of TDFI of 0.5 and 2 mg, respectively. Neutral fluoride balances were predicted when the TDFI was equal to approximately 0.07 mg F/day for children and 0.8 mg F/day for adults. For children and adults, it is possible to obtain reasonably good estimations of community-based TDFI and DFR, using DUFE data. The advantages and limitations of these relationships, together with the need for future studies, are discussed.
Strawberries are known to contain antioxidants, but the significance of ingesting antioxidant-rich fruits remains to be established. In order to determine whether the consumption of strawberries impacted measures of in vivo antioxidant capacity, frozen strawberries (250 g) were administered daily for 3 weeks to 21 healthy female volunteers. Compliance was confirmed by quantitating pelargonidin-glucuronide, urolithin A-glucuronide, and 2,5-dimethyl-4-hydroxy-3-[(2)H]furanone-glucuronide in plasma and urine by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry and antioxidant capacity in serum measured by the increase in lag phase of low-density lipoprotein after copper sulfate exposure, DNA strand breaks in lymphocytes, and activity of phase II enzymes. Among these measures lipid peroxidation lag time increased by 20% (P < .01), whereas other measures did not change significantly. The potent antioxidant defenses in humans make determination of changes due to dietary ingestion in healthy individuals difficult. In summary, daily consumption of strawberries resulted in a modest but significant increase in antioxidant capacity in a healthy population.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The primary aim of the study was to translate and validate a Polish version of the CONTILIFE, a quality of life questionnaire. The clinical validity of the CONTILIFE was assessed against the number of urinary leaks, Valsalva leak point pressure (VLPP), and maximum urethral closure pressure (MUCP). METHODS: One hundred women with stress urinary incontinence completed a Polish version of the CONTILIFE twice with a 4-day interval. RESULTS: Internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha= 0.94) and test-retest reliability of the instrument (ICC = 0.96) were very good. A significant relationship was found between all the CONTILIFE dimension scores, the CONTILIFE global score, and the number of urinary leaks per week. A less significant relationship was found between VLPP, MUCP, and CONTILIFE dimension and global scores. CONCLUSIONS: A Polish version of the CONTILIFE can be a reliable measure of quality of life in stress urinary incontinence patients. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: UDI-6 and IIQ-7 are useful disease-specific questionnaires evaluating the impact of urinary incontinence on the QOL of women. We aim at validating them in Chinese language. METHODS: Both instruments were translated; 207 urinary incontinent women completed UDI-6 and IIQ-7, SF-36, bladder diary and urodynamic evaluation. The reliability and validity were assessed. RESULTS: There were high internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha for UDI-6 and IIQ-7 was 0.80 and 0.93) and test-retest reliability (Intraclass correlation coefficient was 0.72 and 0.75, P < 0.001). Scoring of UDI-6 and IIQ-7 was negatively correlated with SF-36 (P < 0.001); positively correlated with daytime urinary frequency and incontinent episodes (P < 0.001), and women's VAS (P < 0.001). Subscales of UDI-6 and IIQ-7 could discriminate women with different urodynamic diagnoses. CONCLUSIONS: The Chinese UDI-6 and IIQ-7 is reliable and valid. Study on the responsiveness to treatment is in progress. They are useful in assessing impact of the urinary incontinence in Chinese women. 
Previous studies have shown that the intake of soup negatively correlates with the body mass index (BMI), suggesting that soup intake reduces the risk of obesity. In this study, to clarify the association of the intake of soup and various nutrients with plasma leptin concentration, a cross-sectional study on 504 Japanese adults aged 20-76 years (103 men and 401 women) was performed. The intake of soup and various nutrients was investigated by food frequency questionnaires. Plasma leptin concentration was measured in fasting blood by radioimmunoassay. The correlation was analyzed by multiple regression analysis. The average frequency of soup intake was 7.6 times/week. The average plasma leptin concentration was 7.76 ng/ml. After adjusting the confounding factors, the frequency of soup intake has a significant inverse association with plasma leptin concentration. Among the macronutrients, only dietary fiber intake negatively correlated with plasma leptin concentration after the adjustment for potential confounding factors. These results suggest that the intakes of soup and dietary fiber were negatively correlated with plasma leptin concentration in Japanese adults.
Brain activation provokes nonoxidative carbohydrate consumption and during exercise it is dominated by the cerebral uptake of lactate resulting in that up to approximately 1 mmol/ 100 g of glucose equivalents cannot be accounted for by cerebral oxygen uptake. The fate of this 'extra' carbohydrate uptake is unknown, but it may be that brain metabolism is balanced by a yet-unidentified substance(s). This study used a nuclear magnetic resonance-based metabolomics approach to plasma samples obtained from the brachial artery and the right internal jugular vein in 16 healthy young males to identify carbon species going to and from the brain. We observed a carbohydrate accumulation of 255+/-37 micromol/100 g glucose equivalents at exhaustion not accounted for by the oxygen uptake. Although the cumulated uptake was lower than earlier observed, the results show that glucose and lactate are responsible for the majority of the carbon exchange across the brain. Even during intense exercise associated with the largest nonoxidative carbohydrate consumption, the brain did not show significant release of any other metabolite. We conclude that during exercise, the surplus carbohydrate uptake by the brain cannot be accounted for by changes in the NMR-derived plasma metabolome across the brain.
OBJECTIVE: Previous studies have shown that coffee consumption is inversely related to serum levels of liver enzymes such as alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), but few have addressed the relation in women and effect modifications of alcohol use and obesity. We examined the association of coffee and green tea consumption with serum activities of liver enzymes in free-living Japanese men and women, focusing on sex difference and effect modifications of alcohol and obesity. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The data were derived from the baseline survey of the Kyushu University Fukuoka Cohort Study, and included 12,020 Japanese men and women aged 49-76 years who were free of chronic liver diseases. RESULTS: There was an inverse association between coffee consumption and elevated ALT in men, and the association between the two was weaker in women. In the analyses stratified by aminotransferases category, inverse associations of coffee consumption with serum activities of liver enzymes were observed in both men and women within the whole range and among those with aminotransferases within the reference range (ALT/AST <or=40 IU/L for men and ALT/AST <or=30 IU/L for women). Inverse associations of coffee with liver enzymes were more evident in those with high alcohol consumption and in those with low body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: Coffee drinking probably confers protection against alcohol-related increase in liver enzymes. 
Severe choline deficiency adversely affects cellular methylation and DNA integrity, with potentially serious implications for disease risk. As part of a 12-wk controlled choline intervention study conducted in folate-compromised Mexican-American men (n = 60; 18-55 y) differing in the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T genotype (21 677CC, 29 677TT), this study evaluated the effects of varied choline intakes (300, 550, 1100, and 2200 mg/d) on the change (i.e. wk 12-0) in markers of cellular methylation and DNA integrity. Choline intake affected the change in plasma S-adenosylmethionine (P = 0.044), with decreases tending to be greater (P < or = 0.08) in the 300 and 550 mg/d groups than in the 2200 mg/d group. Choline intake also interacted with the MTHFR C677T genotype to affect the change in genomic DNA methylation and DNA damage. In men with the MTHFR 677CC genotype, choline intake affected (P = 0.007) the change in DNA methylation, with a greater decrease (P < 0.02) in the 300 mg/d group than in the 1100 and 2200 mg/d groups. In men with the MTHFR 677CC genotype, choline intake also affected (P = 0.047) the change in DNA damage, with the increase tending to be greater (P = 0.07) in the 550 mg/d group than in the 2200 mg/d group. Choline intake did not affect these variables in men with the MTHFR 677TT genotype. Overall, these data suggest that choline intake exceeding current dietary recommendations preserves markers of cellular methylation and attenuates DNA damage in a genetic subgroup of folate-compromised men.
AIM: Alcohol intake may increase serum gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) but reduce insulin resistance. We analyzed the association between GGT and a marker of insulin resistance, homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), according to the drinking and smoking status. METHODS: After excluding former smokers and/or former drinkers, the data of 10,482 men who underwent general health screening were analyzed. RESULTS: Alcohol consumption showed a graded association with GGT. In men with current alcohol consumption of > or =40 g per day, > or =20 cigarettes per day further increased GGT levels. Alcohol consumption showed a U-shaped association with HOMA-IR. In contrast, smoking 20-39 and > or =40 cigarettes per day increased HOMA-IR as compared with never smokers. An interaction between alcohol consumption and smoking was present for GGT (p<0.001) and HOMA-IR (p=0.059). GGT was not a significant negative predictive value for HOMA-IR regardless of the drinking or smoking status. CONCLUSIONS: Although alcohol intake showed a graded association with GGT and a U-shaped association with HOMA-IR, serum GGT can be utilized as a predictor of insulin resistance in current drinkers. 
PURPOSE: The association of dietary advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) intake with the oxidative and inflammatory status in type 2 diabetic patients was examined. METHODS: Seventy-four healthy controls, 50 low AGEs intake and 68 high AGEs intake type 2 diabetic patients were requested to complete a 7-day dietary record. Blood levels of several oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers were determined. RESULTS: Diabetic patients with high AGEs intake had significantly elevated plasma levels of AGEs, HbA1c, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), LDL-cholesterol and glycated LDL than low AGEs intake patients and controls (P<0.05). These high AGEs intake patients also had significantly increased plasma levels of 8-isoprostane, interleukin (IL)-1, tumor necrosis factor-, monocyte chemoattractant protein (MCP)-1 and lower superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity than low AGEs intake patients (P<0.05). Correlation coefficients of dietary AGEs versus plasma AGEs, HbA1c, 8-isoprostane, IL-1 and MCP-1 were >0.6; but the correlation coefficient of dietary AGEs versus plasma SOD activity was <-0.6. CONCLUSION: Increasing dietary AGEs intake might enrich circulating AGE level and contribute to oxidative and inflammatory progression under diabetic condition. The circulating 8-isoprostane, IL-1 and MCP-1 levels and SOD activity might be appropriate biomarkers used to evaluate dietary AGEs-associated oxidative and inflammatory stress. 
Recommendations for whole-grain (WG) intake are based on observational studies showing that higher WG consumption is associated with reduced CVD risk. No large-scale, randomised, controlled dietary intervention studies have investigated the effects on CVD risk markers of substituting WG in place of refined grains in the diets of non-WG consumers. A total of 316 participants (aged 18-65 years; BMI>25 kg/m2) consuming < 30 g WG/d were randomly assigned to three groups: control (no dietary change), intervention 1 (60 g WG/d for 16 weeks) and intervention 2 (60 g WG/d for 8 weeks followed by 120 g WG/d for 8 weeks). Markers of CVD risk, measured at 0 (baseline), 8 and 16 weeks, were: BMI, percentage body fat, waist circumference; fasting plasma lipid profile, glucose and insulin; and indicators of inflammatory, coagulation, and endothelial function. Differences between study groups were compared using a random intercepts model with time and WG intake as factors. Although reported WG intake was significantly increased among intervention groups, and demonstrated good participant compliance, there were no significant differences in any markers of CVD risk between groups. A period of 4 months may be insufficient to change the lifelong disease trajectory associated with CVD. The lack of impact of increasing WG consumption on CVD risk markers implies that public health messages may need to be clarified to consider the source of WG and/or other diet and lifestyle factors linked to the benefits of whole-grain consumption seen in observational studies.
The prevalence of obesity and related disease risk is high in black South African (SA) women, possibly influenced by the dietary transition associated with urbanization. This study explored interactions between dietary fat intake and the tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFA) -308 G/A polymorphism on obesity, insulin resistance, and serum lipid concentrations in urbanized black SA women. Normal-weight (n = 105) and obese (n = 118) women underwent measurements of body composition, fat distribution, fasting serum lipids, glucose and insulin concentrations, and dietary intake. Participants were genotyped for the functional TNFA -308 G/A polymorphism. The genotype or allele frequency of the TNFA -308 G/A polymorphism did not differ between the BMI groups. However, when dietary fat intake was 30% of total energy intake [percentage energy (%E)], the odds of being obese with the TNFA GA+AA genotype was only 12% of that with GG, but increasing intake of dietary fat (%E) was associated with a significantly faster rate of increase in obesity risk in women with the TNFA GA+AA genotype compared with those with the GG genotype (P = 0.036). There were significant diet-gene interactions between alpha-linolenic acid (%E) and the total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratio (P = 0.036), and PUFA (%E) and LDL cholesterol levels (P = 0.026), with participants with the A allele being more responsive to changes in relative fat intake. The TNFA -308 G/A polymorphism modified the relationship between dietary fat intake, obesity risk, and serum lipid concentrations in black SA women.
BACKGROUND: Dietary habit is one of the important determinants of health. Investigation of the association between diet and blood lipids at the food product level is more advantageous than that at the nutrient level because the results can be applied more directly to improving dietary habits for disease prevention. METHODS: The integrated datasets of the NIPPON DATA and National Nutrition Surveys in Japan conducted in 1980 and 1990 were used for analysis. The association between serum total cholesterol concentration and food group intake was examined by multiple linear regression analysis separately for sex and survey year with data adjusted for age, body mass index and total energy intake. RESULTS: Intakes of rice, sugar, sweets and snacks, fruit and vegetables other than green and yellow ones were lower and intakes of green and yellow vegetables, mushrooms, seaweed, eggs and milk were higher in the 1990 survey than in the 1980 survey. Intakes of meat, milk and eggs showed a positive association with serum total cholesterol concentration in both sexes while intake of legumes showed a negative association only in men in both the 1980 and 1990 surveys. CONCLUSIONS: Sex- and age-specific food group intakes for 1980 and 1990 were identified, and positive and negative associations between serum total cholesterol concentration and food group intake were revealed in a representative sample of the Japanese population. The results provide some insights into the improvements in dietary habits that can be made for disease prevention in Japan. 
AIMS: To investigate the association of chocolate consumption with measured blood pressure (BP) and the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS AND RESULTS: Dietary intake, including chocolate, and BP were assessed at baseline (1994-98) in 19 357 participants (aged 35-65 years) free of myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke and not using antihypertensive medication of the Potsdam arm of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. Incident cases of MI (n = 166) and stroke (n = 136) were identified after a mean follow-up of approximately 8 years. Mean systolic BP was 1.0 mmHg [95% confidence interval (CI) -1.6 to -0.4 mmHg] and mean diastolic BP 0.9 mmHg (95% CI -1.3 to -0.5 mmHg) lower in the top quartile compared with the bottom quartile of chocolate consumption. The relative risk of the combined outcome of MI and stroke for top vs. bottom quartiles was 0.61 (95% CI 0.44-0.87; P linear trend = 0.014). Baseline BP explained 12% of this lower risk (95% CI 3-36%). The inverse association was stronger for stroke than for MI. CONCLUSION: Chocolate consumption appears to lower CVD risk, in part through reducing BP. The inverse association may be stronger for stroke than for MI. Further research is needed, in particular randomized trials. 
The adipokine visfatin has been proposed to exert insulin-mimicking effects and to play a role in the development of metabolic syndrome. Preterm infants are at risk for the later development of insulin resistance and, possibly, for other components of metabolic syndrome. Dietary long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) during the perinatal period may reduce the risk of metabolic syndrome. The authors' objective was to study the circulating concentrations of visfatin in preterm infants and to examine associations of visfatin with anthropometric measurements, metabolic indices, and dietary LCPUFAs. Serum visfatin concentrations were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay at mean (SD) 33.8 (11.7) days of life in 60 healthy preterm infants (gestational age, 32.7 [1.9] weeks) randomly assigned to be fed since birth either a formula containing LCPUFA (arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid) (+LCPUFA group) or the same formula without LCPUFA (-LCPUFA group). Associations of visfatin with anthropometric parameters, serum glucose, insulin, homeostasis model assessment index of insulin resistance, blood lipids, and adiponectin levels were examined. Serum visfatin levels were significantly higher in the +LCPUFA than in the -LCPUFA group (P < .001) and correlated positively with body weight z score ( = 0.31, P = .02), total cholesterol ( = 0.34, P = .01), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) ( = 0.47, P < .001), and adiponectin levels ( = 0.29, P = .03), but not with indices of insulin sensitivity. In multiple regression analysis, HDL-C and dietary LCPUFAs correlated independently with serum visfatin levels. Circulating visfatin levels in preterm infants are independently associated with HDL-C levels and dietary LCPUFAs. Whether the higher visfatin levels in the +LCPUFA preterm infant group are beneficial for the later health of these infants remains to be determined.
Objective dietary intake markers for meat would be useful to assess meat intake in observational studies and as compliance markers in dietary intervention studies. A number of compounds are specific to meat compared with most other dietary items but there is some overlap between protein rich foods. A number of single compounds have been analysed in urine, plasma, serum or hair samples in studies of their relationship to meat or total protein intake. Among potential markers of dietary meat intake are urea, creatine, creatinine, carnitine, carnosine, anserine, ophidine, 1- and 3-methylhistidine, and sulphate or sulphite. Anserine and 1-methylhistidine come close to being meat-specific markers but true quantitative biomarker may not exist. Modern profiling techniques are increasingly used to look for useful biomarkers or for constructing them from latent information in complex profiles. Metabolomics by NMR spectroscopy of urine has also been applied to search for meat intake markers. Studies on single compounds or metabolomics markers are shortly reviewed here.
Decreased fruit and vegetable consumption, along with elevated blood cadmium concentrations, are frequently observed among cigarette smokers. Few studies have investigated whether the blood cadmium concentrations of cigarette smokers are associated with the consumption of antioxidative nutrients, as well as foods containing high concentrations of antioxidative nutrients and phytochemicals, such as fruits and vegetables. In this study, we aimed to determine where there is any relationship between blood cadmium concentration and the consumption of certain foods and nutrients in adult male smokers. Blood cadmium concentrations in whole blood samples from 546 adult men, whose pregnant wives were registered in the Mothers and Children's Environmental Health Study, were analyzed using the graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrophotometry method. Dietary intakes were assessed using a semiquantitative FFQ. Blood cadmium concentrations were higher in the smokers than in the nonsmokers (P < 0.001). Multiple regression analysis with covariates revealed that blood cadmium concentrations were negatively associated with intakes of fruit (P = 0.001), vitamin C (P = 0.035), and fiber (P = 0.049), but only in the smokers. These results warrant future studies to explore any mechanisms responsible for fruit's beneficial role against elevated blood cadmium concentrations in smokers.
BACKGROUND: Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) surgery is one of the most effective treatments for obesity producing long-term weight loss. The anorexia and weight loss from RYGB could be due to gastric restriction, malabsorption, enhanced lower gut stimulation, increased energy expenditure, and/or other metabolic adaptations. In ileal transposition (IT) surgery, a segment of the ileum is transposed to the upper jejunum with no gastric restriction or malabsorption. Our objective is to compare the effects of RYGB and IT surgeries on food intake, body weight, and plasma concentrations of the anorexigenic lower gut hormone Peptide YY (PYY) in rats. METHODS: Adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were subjected to either RYGB (n = 9), IT (n = 9) or sham surgeries (n = 16). A subset of sham animals were either pair-fed to RYGB (n = 9) or ad lib fed (n = 7) on a highly palatable mixed nutrient liquid food (Ensure). Food intake, body weight and plasma PYY concentrations were measured. RESULTS: The data demonstrate that (1) RYGB produces a sustained reduction in food intake and weight gain, (2) the anorexic effects of IT are relatively transient lasting for 5 weeks, (3) the reduction in weight gain resulting from IT is similar to that of animals pair-fed to RYGB, and (4) RYGB and IT surgeries are associated with elevated postprandial plasma PYY concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrate in our rat models that RYGB surgery produces a greater reduction in food intake and weight gain than IT surgery, and that both surgeries are associated with enhanced plasma concentrations of Peptide YY. 
Predictive power, for total and vascular mortality, of selected indices measured at baseline in the British National Diet and Nutrition Survey (community-living subset) of People Aged 65 Years and Over was tested. Mortality status and its primary and underlying causes were recorded for 1100 (mean age 76.7 (sd 7.5) years, 50.2% females) respondents from the baseline survey in 1994-5 until September 2008. Follow-up data analyses focussed especially on known predictors of vascular disease risk, together with intakes and status indices of selected nutrients known to affect, or to be affected by, these predictors. Total mortality was significantly predicted by hazard ratios of baseline plasma concentrations (per sd) of total homocysteine (tHcy) (95% CI) 1.19 (1.11, 1.27), pyridoxal phosphate 0.90 (0.81, 1.00), pyridoxic acid 1.10 (1.03, 1.19), alpha1-antichymotrypsin 1.21 (1.13, 1.29), fibrinogen 1.14 (1.05, 1.23), creatinine 1.20 (1.10, 1.31) and glycosylated Hb 1.23 (1.14, 1.32), and by dietary intakes of energy 0.87 (0.80, 0.96) and protein 0.86 (0.77, 0.97). Prediction patterns and significance were similar for primary-cause vascular mortality. The traditional risk predictors plasma total and HDL cholesterol were not significant mortality predictors in this age group, nor were the known tHcy-regulating nutrients, folate and vitamin B12 (intakes and status indices). Model adjustment for known risk predictors resulted in the loss of significance for some of the afore-mentioned indices; however, tHcy 1.34 (1.04, 1.73) remained a significant predictor for vascular mortality. Thus, total and primary vascular mortality is predicted by energy and protein intakes, and by biochemical indices including tHcy, independent of serum folate or vitamin B12.
AIMS: The present study was designed to examine the possible changes in body composition, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and inflammatory markers of obese children in response to a 2-month program of exercise training combined with dietary restriction. METHODS: Twenty-eight obese children (age 13.2 +/- 0.7 years, body mass index 30.9 +/- 1.3) were randomly assigned to a diet/training group or a control group and were tested two times: once before and once at the end of the experimental period. They performed a progressive cycle ergometer test at each visit. Substrate oxidation was evaluated by indirect calorimetry. Training was individualized at the point when fat oxidation was maximal (Lipox(max)). RESULTS: Diet/training induced a significant decrease in body weight and body fat (after vs. before, p < 0.01). Plasma concentrations of IGF-1, IGFBP-3 and inflammatory markers were significantly decreased after the completion of the program. The diet/training program resulted in an increase in VO(2max)ACSM (24.6 +/- 2.5 to 33.1 +/- 3.1 ml/min/kg, p < 0.001) at the end of the intervention period. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that in the presence of weight loss, exercise training improves inflammatory markers and IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 levels in obese children. 
Body fluids such as urine potentially contain a wealth of information pertaining to age, sex, social and reproductive status, physiologic state, and genotype of the donor. To explore whether urine could encode information regarding environment, physiology, and development, we compared the volatile compositions of mouse urine using solid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (SPME-GC/MS). Specifically, we identified volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in individual urine samples taken from inbred C57BL/6J-H-2(b) mice under several experimental conditions-maturation state, diet, stress, and diurnal rhythms, designed to mimic natural variations. Approximately 1000 peaks (i.e., variables) were identified per comparison and of these many were identified as potential differential biomarkers. Consistent with previous findings, we found groups of compounds that vary significantly and consistently rather than a single unique compound to provide a robust signature. We identified over 49 new predictive compounds, in addition to identifying several published compounds, for maturation state, diet, stress, and time-of-day. We found a considerable degree of overlap in the chemicals identified as (potential) biomarkers for each comparison. Chemometric methods indicate that the strong group-related patterns in VOCs provide sufficient information to identify several parameters of natural variations in this strain of mice including their maturation state, stress level, and diet.
BACKGROUND: Accurate estimation of kidney function is essential for safe administration of renally cleared drugs. Current practice recommends adjusting renally eliminated drugs according to the Cockcroft-Gault (CG) equation as an estimation of glomerular filtration rate. Few data exist regarding the utility of the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) equation in drug dosing. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate glomerular filtration rate based on creatinine clearance (CrCl) derived from the MDRD or the CG equation compared with patient-specific CrCl calculated from aminoglycoside peak and trough concentrations. METHODS: Medical records of patients who received aminoglycoside antibiotics were reviewed over 1 year. Patients who received aminoglycosides via conventional dosing with peak and trough concentrations at steady state were included. Calculations based on standard pharmacokinetic equations were used to estimate CrCl from aminoglycoside serum concentrations. Patient-specific CrCl estimated from aminoglycoside concentrations was compared with estimated CrCl from the CG or MDRD equation. RESULTS: Fifty-five patients were included in the final analysis. The primary outcome showed concordance between estimated and actual aminoglycoside clearance was 0.53 (95% CI 0.18 to 0.88) for the CG equation and 0.41 (95% CI 0.04 to 0.78) for the MDRD equation. Subgroup analysis also favored CG as a better predictor of CrCl. This signified a stronger correlation between the CG equation and aminoglycoside clearance. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with the MDRD equation, the CG equation provided better correlation of estimated glomerular filtration rate for aminoglycoside antibiotics. Institutions should continue to use the CG equation as the standard of practice to safely adjust aminoglycoside doses in patients with renal dysfunction. 
CONTEXT: The relationship between alcohol consumption and serum adiponectin levels has not been fully explored in an Asian population. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to determine whether alcohol consumption is associated with a change in adiponectin levels in a healthy Japanese population. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study. SETTING: Subjects were recruited from participants in a health check-up program. PARTICIPANTS: This study included 2932 subjects (1306 men and 1626 women). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The effects of total weekly or daily volume of ethanol intake on serum adiponectin levels were evaluated. In addition, the correlation of clinical traits with serum adiponectin levels was examined. A multivariate regression model was used to control for possible confounding factors. RESULTS: Alcohol consumption was weakly correlated with decreased serum adiponectin levels in men [Spearman's ordered correlation coefficient (rs=-0.141; P<0.001]; an even weaker correlation was seen in women (rs=-0.055; P=0.025). Multivariate analysis demonstrated that alcohol consumption was independently associated with hypoadiponectinemia. CONCLUSION: In contrast to reports from the United States and Europe among White and Black subjects, our study demonstrated an inverse association between alcohol intake and serum adiponectin levels in Asian subjects, suggesting ethnic differences in the effects of alcohol consumption on serum adiponectin levels. 
BACKGROUND: We compared Glycine Propionyl-L-Carnitine (GlycoCarn(R)) and three different pre-workout nutritional supplements on measures of skeletal muscle oxygen saturation (StO2), blood nitrate/nitrite (NOx), lactate (HLa), malondialdehyde (MDA), and exercise performance in men. METHODS: Using a randomized, double-blind, cross-over design, 19 resistance trained men performed tests of muscular power (bench press throws) and endurance (10 sets of bench press to muscular failure). A placebo, GlycoCarn(R), or one of three dietary supplements (SUPP1, SUPP2, SUPP3) was consumed prior to exercise, with one week separating conditions. Blood was collected before receiving the condition and immediately after exercise. StO2 was measured during the endurance test using Near Infrared Spectroscopy. Heart rate (HR) and rating of perceived exertion (RPE) were determined at the end of each set. RESULTS: A condition effect was noted for StO2 at the start of exercise (p = 0.02), with GlycoCarn(R) higher than SUPP2. A condition effect was also noted for StO2 at the end of exercise (p = 0.003), with SUPP1 lower than all other conditions. No statistically significant interaction, condition, or time effects were noted for NOx or MDA (p > 0.05); however, MDA decreased 13.7% with GlycoCarn(R) and increased in all other conditions. Only a time effect was noted for HLa (p < 0.0001), with values increasing from pre- to post-exercise. No effects were noted for HR, RPE, or for any exercise performance variables (p > 0.05); however, GlycoCarn(R) resulted in a statistically insignificant greater total volume load compared to the placebo (3.3%), SUPP1 (4.2%), SUPP2 (2.5%), and SUPP3 (4.6%). CONCLUSION: None of the products tested resulted in favorable changes in our chosen outcome measures, with the exception of GlycoCarn(R) in terms of higher StO2 at the start of exercise. GlycoCarn(R) resulted in a 13.7% decrease in MDA from pre- to post-exercise and yielded a non-significant but greater total volume load compared to all other conditions. These data indicate that 1) a single ingredient (GlycoCarn(R)) can provide similar practical benefit than finished products containing multiple ingredients, and 2) while we do not have data in relation to post-exercise recovery parameters, the tested products are ineffective in terms of increasing blood flow and improving acute upper body exercise performance. 
A cross-sectional multicenter study with six research groups.SUBJECTS: From subjects of the PEPAF project cohort, in which 1,163 who were sedentary became active, 1,942 were sedentary and 2,346 were active. By stratified random sampling, 1,500 subjects will be included, 250 in each group. PRIMARY MEASUREMENTS: We will evaluate height, weight, abdominal circumference, clinical and ambulatory blood pressure with the Radial Pulse Wave Acquisition Device (BPro), central blood pressure and augmentation index with Pulse Wave Application Software (A-Pulse) and SphymgoCor System Px (Pulse Wave Analysis), pulse wave velocity (PWV) with SphymgoCor System Px (Pulse Wave Velocity), nutritional pattern with a food intake frequency questionnaire, physical activity with the 7-day PAR questionnaire and accelerometer (Actigraph GT3X), physical fitness with the cycle ergometer (PWC-170), carotid intima-media thickness by ultrasound (Micromax), and endothelial dysfunction biological markers (endoglin and osteoprotegerin). DISCUSSION: Determining that sustained physical activity and the change from sedentary to active as well as a healthy diet improve circadian pattern, arterial elasticity and carotid intima-media thickness may help to propose lifestyle intervention programs. These interventions could improve the cardiovascular risk profile in some parameters not routinely assessed with traditional risk scales. From the results of this study, interventional approaches could be obtained to delay vascular aging that combine physical exercise and diet. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01083082. 
Epidemiological evidence of the effects of dietary sodium, calcium, and potassium, and anthropometric indexes on blood pressure is still inconsistent. To investigate the relationship between dietary factors or anthropometric indexes and hypertension risk, we examined the association of systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP) with sodium, calcium, and potassium intakes and anthropometric indexes in 19~49-year-olds using data from Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) III. Total of 2,761 young and middle aged adults (574 aged 19~29 years and 2,187 aged 30~49 years) were selected from KNHANES III. General information, nutritional status, and anthropometric data were compared between two age groups (19~29 years old and 30~49 years old). The relevance of blood pressure and risk factors such as age, sex, body mass index (BMI), weight, waist circumference, and the intakes of sodium, potassium, and calcium was determined by multiple regression analysis. Multiple regression models showed that waist circumference, weight, and BMI were positively associated with SBP and DBP in both age groups. Sodium and potassium intakes were not associated with either SBP or DBP. Among 30~49-year-olds, calcium was inversely associated with both SBP and DBP (P = 0.012 and 0.010, respectively). Our findings suggest that encouraging calcium consumption and weight control may play an important role in the primary prevention and management of hypertension in early adulthood.
BACKGROUND: alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) is associated with a low risk of cardiovascular disease; however, the underlying mechanism is not completely known. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine whether habitual dietary ALA intake is associated with plasma concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers after control for shared genetic and common environmental factors. DESIGN: We cross-sectionally studied 353 middle-aged male twins. Habitual diet was assessed with the Willett food-frequency questionnaire. Fasting plasma concentrations of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and its soluble receptor (sIL-6R), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) were measured. Linear mixed-effect regression analysis was used to partition the overall association into within- and between-pair associations. RESULTS: A 1-g increment in habitual dietary ALA intake was associated with 11.0% lower concentrations of sIL-6R (P = 0.004) but not of IL-6 (P = 0.31), TNF-alpha (P = 0.16), or hsCRP (P = 0.36) after adjustment for energy intake, nutritional factors, known cardiovascular disease risk factors, and medications. After further control for shared genetic and common environmental factors by comparison of brothers within a twin pair, a twin with a 1-g higher ALA intake was likely to have 10.9% (95% CI: 3.7%, 17.6%; P = 0.004) lower sIL-6R concentrations than his co-twin with a low intake, whereas ALA intake was not significantly associated with plasma concentrations of IL-6, TNF-alpha, or hsCRP. These results were validated by using 1000 bootstrap samples. CONCLUSIONS: Habitual dietary ALA intake is inversely associated with plasma sIL-6R concentrations independent of shared genetic and common environmental influences. Lowering sIL-6R may be a mechanism underlying the cardioprotective properties of habitual dietary ALA. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00017836. 
BACKGROUND: Adequate calcium and vitamin D are needed to maintain calcium balance. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to examine the influence of calcium intake and vitamin D exposure separately and their interaction on biomarkers of calcium sufficiency. DESIGN: Healthy men and women, age 20-80 yr, were randomly allocated to four groups: 1) double placebo, 2) calcium (1200 mg daily) plus placebo, 3) vitamin D(3) (100 microg) plus placebo, and 4) vitamin D(3) and calcium. Fasting serum and urine as well as serum and urine 2 h after a calcium load (600 mg of calcium carbonate) were obtained at baseline and 3 months. RESULTS: Ninety-nine participants were randomized; 78 completed the study. Baseline demographics, protein intake and laboratory studies did not differ among the four groups. Study medication compliance was 90%. Fasting bone turnover markers declined after 3 months only in the two groups given calcium supplements and increased in the vitamin D(3) plus placebo calcium group. The calcium load resulted in a decrease in PTH and in bone turnover markers that did not differ among groups. Urinary calcium excretion increased in the combined group. Mean serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D increased from a baseline of 67 (18 sd) nmol/liter to 111 (30 sd) nmol/liter after vitamin D supplementation. CONCLUSION: Increased habitual calcium intake lowered markers of bone turnover. Acute ingestion of a calcium load lowered PTH and bone turnover markers. Additional intake of 100 microg/d vitamin D(3) did not lower PTH or markers of bone turnover. 
Although high mammographic density is a risk factor for postmenopausal breast cancer, its etiology remains unclear. We examined whether serum and dietary cholesterol, which increase breast cancer risk and are involved in endogenous estrogen formation, were associated with increased mammographic density. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 302 healthy, sedentary postmenopausal women, aged 50-74 years, enrolled in the Alberta Physical Activity and Breast Cancer Prevention Trial between 2003 and 2006. In multiple linear regression models, no significant associations were observed between serum lipids and percent density or dense tissue area (Percent density: b (change in square root percent density per unit change in cholesterol level) = -0.06 (95%CI = -0.26 to 0.13); b = 0.06 (95%CI = -0.48 to 0.61); and b = -0.11 (95%CI = -0.33 to 0.10) for total cholesterol, high-, and low-density lipoprotein, respectively; similar results found for dense area). Alcohol consumption modified the association between triglycerides and percent density (>1 drink/day: b = -0.94 (95%CI = -1.79 to -0.10);  1 drink/day: b = 0.19 (95%CI = -0.12 to 0.50); and no alcohol consumption: b = 0.15 (95%CI = -0.44 to 0.73). We found no evidence indicating any association between dietary and serum cholesterol levels and mammographic density.
Abstract Alcohol abuse is a major cause of abnormal liver function throughout the world. While measurements of liver enzyme activities (GGT, ALT, AST) are important screening tools for detecting liver disease, due to lack of ethanol-specificity and inconsistencies regarding the definitions of significant alcohol consumption, several other blood tests are usually needed to exclude competing and co-existing causes of abnormal liver function. Information on the specific role of ethanol consumption behind hepatotoxicity may be obtained through measurements of blood ethanol and its specific metabolites (ethyl glucuronide, phosphatidylethanol, protein-acetaldehyde condensates and associated autoimmune responses). Recent studies have indicated that being overweight is another increasingly common cause of abnormal liver enzyme levels and adiposity may also increase the impact of ethanol consumption on liver pathology. Interestingly, increased liver enzyme activities in circulation may reflect not only hepatic function but can also serve as indicators of general health and the status of oxidative stress in vivo. ALT and GGT activities predict insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, mortality from coronary heart diseases and even mortality from all causes. If the upper reference limits for liver enzyme activities were defined based on the data obtained from normal weight abstainers, the clinical value of liver enzyme measurements as screening tools and in patient follow-up could be significantly improved.
Heat-moisture (hm)-high-amylose corn starch (HACS), which includes a larger amount of resistant starch than HACS or regular cornstarch (CS), is more indigestible in the small intestine than HACS or CS. An hm-HACS diet was also shown to ameliorate glucose intolerance and lipid abnormalities. This study examined the effects of feeding rats an hm-HACS diet for 14 days on the activities of mucosal alpha-glucosidase along the jejunal-ileal axis and lipogenic enzymes in epididymal adipose tissue. The contents in the lumen of the cecum were increased by feeding rats the HACS and hm-HACS diets, and the cecal weight was increased by the hm-HACS diet. The HACS diet reduced the activity of alpha-glucosidase in the upper jejunal mucosa, induced its activity in the upper ileal mucosa, reduced lipogenic enzyme activity in epididymal adipose tissue, and reduced serum triglyceride levels. These effects were more pronounced with the hm-HACS than with the HACS diet. These results suggest that feeding rats the hm-HACS diet reduced the activities of lipogenic enzymes in adipose tissue and alpha-glucosidase in the jejunal mucosa and induced the activity of alpha-glucosidase in the ileal mucosa compared with the HACS diet.
BACKGROUND: The efficacy of chocolate milk (CM) as a recovery beverage following a period of increased training duration (ITD) was studied in intercollegiate soccer players. METHODS: 13 subjects completed one week of normal 'baseline' training followed by four days of ITD. After each day of ITD, subjects received either a high-carbohydrate (504 kcal; CHO: 122 g; 2 g Fat) or isocaloric CM (504 kcal; 84 g CHO; 28 g Pro; 7 g Fat) recovery beverage. Serum creatine kinase (CK), myoglobin (Mb), muscle soreness, fatigue ratings and isometric quadriceps force (MVC) were obtained prior to ITD, and following 2- and 4-days of ITD. Performance tests (T-drill, vertical jump) were performed within training sessions. Treatments were administered in a randomly counterbalanced protocol, and subjects repeated the procedures with the alternate beverage following a two-week washout period. RESULTS: Mean daily training time and HR increased (p < 0.05) between baseline training and ITD, with no differences between treatments. No treatment*time effects were observed for Mb, muscle soreness, fatigue ratings and MVC. However, serum CK was significantly lower (p < 0.05) following four days of ITD with CM (316.9 +/- 188.3 U.L-1) compared to CHO (431.6 +/- 310.8 U.L-1). No treatment differences were observed for the performance tests. CONCLUSIONS: Post-exercise CM provided similar muscle recovery responses to an isocaloric CHO beverage during four-days of ITD. Future studies should investigate if the attenuated CK levels observed with CM have functional significance during more demanding periods of training. 
Serum interleukin-6 (IL-6), a proinflammatory cytokine, is considered an indicator of inflammation and may be an indicator of colorectal carcinogenesis given that inflammation can promote carcinogenesis. Flavonols, which can be found in fruits and vegetables, may inhibit colorectal carcinogenesis partly by inhibiting inflammation. We estimated odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) to determine whether serum IL-6 was associated with colorectal adenoma recurrence and flavonol intake and thus may serve as a risk indicator and as a response indicator to dietary flavonols. Serum IL-6 concentrations at baseline, year 1, and year 3 were measured in 872 participants from the intervention arm of the Polyp Prevention Trial, a 4-year trial that examined the effectiveness of a low-fat, high-fiber, high-fruit and vegetable diet on adenoma recurrence. Intake of flavonols, especially of isorhamnetin, kaempferol, and quercetin, was inversely associated with serum IL-6 concentrations (highest versus lowest flavonol intake quartile, 1.80 versus 2.20 pg/mL) and high-risk (OR, 0.51; 95% CI, 0.26-0.98) and advanced adenoma recurrence (OR, 0.17; 95% CI, 0.06-0.50). A decrease in IL-6 concentration during the trial was inversely associated with high-risk (OR, 0.44; 95% CI, 0.23-0.84) and advanced adenoma recurrence (OR, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.19-1.18). Individuals with above median flavonol intake and equal or below median IL-6 change after baseline had the lowest risk of recurrence of high-risk and advanced adenoma. Our results suggest that serum IL-6 may serve as a risk indicator and as a response indicator to dietary flavonols for colorectal cancer prevention.
Fibroadenomas are the most common benign breast condition among women and account for up to 50% of all breast biopsies being performed. Although considered a benign condition, fibroadenomas utilize substantial resources for management and treatment to rule out potential malignancies. Dietary factors may influence benign fibrocystic breast conditions, but little is known of their association with fibroadenomas. We examined possible associations between a broad spectrum of circulating biomarkers of dietary intake and risk of fibroadenomas. Participants were women in a breast self-examination trial in Shanghai, China who were diagnosed with fibroadenomas (n = 258) and 1035 controls. Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% CI. Isoflavone concentrations were inversely associated with risk of fibroadenomas. Adjusted OR (95% CI) for the highest versus the lowest quartile of plasma concentration were 0.36 (0.16-0.79; P-trend < 0.001) for daidzein and 0.39 (0.19-0.84; P-trend = 0.010) for genistein. We also observed inverse associations between higher percentages of the RBC (n-3) fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) ([0.38 (0.19-0.77); P-trend = 0.007] and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) [0.32 (0.15-0.70); P-trend = 0.024], and fibroadenoma risk. Circulating concentrations of carotenoids, vitamin C, retinol, and ferritin were not associated with fibroadenoma risk. The inverse associations between plasma isoflavone concentrations and RBC EPA and DPA and fibroadenoma risk suggest that higher intakes of soy foods and fatty fish may lower the risk of fibroadenomas.
In the present study, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was performed to evaluate the safety of an excessive intake and the efficacy of a long-term intake of polyphenols derived from apples for moderately underweight to moderately obese subjects (long-term intake: 94 subjects; excessive intake: 30 subjects). For each trial, the subjects were divided into the following two groups: a group that drank beverages with apple polyphenols (600 mg) (hereinafter referred to as the apple group) and a group that drank beverages without apple polyphenols (hereinafter referred to as the placebo group). For the long-term intake trial, the subjects were given a regular amount of the beverage (340 g) each day for 12 weeks. For the excessive intake trial, the subjects were given three times the regular amount of the beverage each day for 4 weeks. It is noteworthy that the visceral fat area (VFA) of subjects in the apple group for the long-term intake trial had decreased significantly by the 8- and 12-week marks (week 8: p < 0.05; week 12: p < 0.01) compared to the baseline (week 0). The degree of change in VFA experienced by subjects in the apple group compared to those in the placebo group was significantly lower by the 8- and 12-week marks (p < 0.01). Stratified analysis indicated that the VFA of subjects in the apple group that started with a high VFA (VFA > or = 100 cm(2)) had decreased significantly by the 8- and 12-week marks compared to the baseline (week 8: p < 0.05; week 12: p < 0.01). However, no significant change in the VFA of subjects in the apple group that started with a normal VFA (VFA < 100 cm(2)) was exhibited by the 8- and 12-week marks. No clinical problems arose in the blood examinations or physical examinations for the long-term intake trial or the excessive intake trial. No adverse reaction was observed in either trial. These results demonstrated the efficacy and the safety of the beverage with apple polyphenols.
Research on comorbidities between substance use disorders and serious mental illnesses would be facilitated by new methods for collecting comprehensive data on substance use, including data on onset, progression, frequency, amounts, and consequential behaviors. Given substantial limitations of available instruments, and a nearly complete absence of methodologies that allow derivation of continuous measures that estimate dose or cumulative exposure, this report describes the development and initial validation of two interviewer-administered, multidimensional measures of substance use, the Lifetime Substance Use Recall (LSUR) and Longitudinal Substance Use Recall for 12 Weeks (LSUR-12) Instruments. Participants (n=60) in an ongoing study of first-episode psychosis were evaluated with the LSUR, LSUR-12, and a number of other concurrent measures pertaining to substance use, substance use disorder diagnoses, select demographic features, and two personality traits. Specific a priori hypothesis tests were selected to demonstrate validity, relying on effect sizes to estimate strengths of association, considering small-to-medium correlations (e.g., ) as |.20-.50| and medium-to-large effect sizes as >|.50|. Numerous associations were observed between key nicotine-, alcohol-, and cannabis-related variables from the LSUR and LSUR-12 and scores from other concurrently administered measures. These findings provide a thorough initial validation of scores obtained with the new multidimensional instruments. Although validity of the two new measures of lifetime and past 12-week substance use was demonstrated, empirical data on inter-rater and test-retest reliability are needed. Careful development, and demonstration of psychometric properties, of these and related instruments may advance the fields of addiction and comorbidity research.
BACKGROUND: Vaspin was recently identified as a novel adipokine that is predominantly secreted from adipose tissue and exerts insulin-sensitizing effects. This study was undertaken to elucidate the regulative effects of calorie control on the expression of vaspin and its potential mechanism. METHODS: Diet-induced obese Sprague Dawley (SD) rats were adopted as experimental models and accepted interventions of various ingestions and pioglitazone. Various differentiated stages of cultured 3T3-L1 cells were dealt with pioglitazone or TNFalpha in vitro for 48 hours to further verify findings in animal experiments. RESULTS: The rats were successfully induced into an obese experimental model with hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, and increased serum free fatty acid and TNFalpha by 12-week high-fat diet. It was found that depending on whether the rats were fed by a high-fat diet or a basal diet, there was extremely higher vaspin in the periepididymal fat pad than in subcutaneous adipose tissues by 16 weeks. Vaspin in sera and the periepididymal fat pad was much lower in rats with a high-fat diet than those with a basal diet (all P < 0.05), but vaspin in subcutaneous fat tissues was prone to increase in rats with a high-fat diet. A 4-week calorie restriction or pioglitazone on the obese rats resulted in a partial recovery of vaspin levels in sera and periepididymal adipose tissues, especially the latter revealed a more obvious superiority and increased vaspin levels of subcutaneous adipose. Surprisingly, the treatment of 4-week high-fat diet on non-obese rats did not significantly depress vaspin of sera and periepididymal adipose tissues. However, it is unknown if re-feeding generated the effect on vaspin levels of obese and non-obese rats on sera or adipose tissues. The correlation analysis showed that vaspin levels of serum and periepididymal fat tissues were negatively correlated with serum FFA, TNFalpha and insulin; meanwhile, there was a positive correlation between serum vaspin and vaspin of periepididymal fat tissues. Pioglitazone enhanced vaspin levels in cultured 3T3-L1 cells and supernatant in various differentiated stages, and this effect became more and more obvious along with the change of preadipocytes into mature fat cells. Administration of TNFalpha caused suppression on vaspin expression in differentiated stages of 3T3-L1 cells. CONCLUSIONS: The present data indicated that a long-term high-fat diet could induce obesity metabolic syndrome in SD rats and finally lead to lower vaspin of sera and periepididymal fat, while pioglitazone and chronic calorie-control ingestion could enhance the production of vaspin. It was undoubtedly demonstrated that vaspin expression was strongly associated with insulin sensitivity, serum FFA, and TNFalpha. 
BACKGROUND: Increased consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) has been associated with an elevated risk of obesity, metabolic syndrome, and type II diabetes mellitus. However, the effects of SSB consumption on blood pressure (BP) are uncertain. The objective of this study was to determine the relationship between changes in SSB consumption and changes in BP among adults. METHODS AND RESULTS: This was a prospective analysis of 810 adults who participated in the PREMIER Study (an 18-month behavioral intervention trial). BP and dietary intake (by two 24-hour recalls) were measured at baseline and at 6 and 18 months. Mixed-effects models were applied to estimate the changes in BP in responding to changes in SSB consumption. At baseline, mean SSB intake was 0.9+/-1.0 servings per day (10.5+/-11.9 fl oz/d), and mean systolic BP/diastolic BP was 134.9+/-9.6/84.8+/-4.2 mm Hg. After potential confounders were controlled for, a reduction in SSB of 1 serving per day was associated with a 1.8-mm Hg (95% confidence interval, 1.2 to 2.4) reduction in systolic BP and 1.1-mm Hg (95% confidence interval, 0.7 to 1.4) reduction in diastolic BP over 18 months. After additional adjustment for weight change over the same period, a reduction in SSB intake was still significantly associated with reductions in systolic and diastolic BPs (P<0.05). Reduced intake of sugars was also significantly associated with reduced BP. No association was found for diet beverage consumption or caffeine intake and BP. These findings suggest that sugars may be the nutrients that contribute to the observed association between SSB and BP. CONCLUSIONS: Reduced consumption of SSB and sugars was significantly associated with reduced BP. Reducing SSB and sugar consumption may be an important dietary strategy to lower BP. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00000616. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: B vitamins have been implicated in major chronic diseases but results have been inconsistent. This study evaluated the accuracy of dietary intakes of folate, vitamin B12, riboflavin and vitamin B6 as measured by the Northern Sweden Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) against repeated 24-h recalls (24HR) and plasma levels, taking into consideration the MTHFR 677C>T polymorphism. SUBJECTS/METHODS: B vitamin intakes assessed by a semi-quantitative FFQ designed to measure the intake over the previous year were compared with those from 10 24HR, as well as to plasma levels of folate and vitamin B12, in randomly selected men (n=96) and women (n=99) aged 30-60 years. FFQ-based B-vitamin intakes were also compared with plasma levels of B-vitamins and with MTHFR 677C4T genotype in 878 men, aged 40-61 years. RESULTS: Intakes of vitamins B12 and riboflavin were similar, whereas folate and B6 intakes were 16-27% higher, as estimated by FFQ versus 24HR. Spearman correlation coefficients between the two methods ranged from 0.31 to 0.63 (all P<or=0.002), and were lowest for vitamin B12. Intakes estimated by FFQ were correlated with plasma levels, but coefficients were lower (range: 0.13-0.33), particularly for vitamin B12 in men (0.15-0.18). Folate intake was not correlated with plasma levels in subjects with the MTHFR 677 T/T genotype. CONCLUSIONS: The validity of the Northern Sweden FFQ for assessing B vitamin intake is similar to that of many other FFQs used in large-scale studies. The FFQ is suitable for ranking individuals by intake of folate, riboflavin, vitamin B6 and to a lesser extent vitamin B12. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate if beer, liquor (spirits), wine and total alcohol intakes have different associations with serum urate (SU) concentrations at different ages in a cohort of young men and women. METHODS: Data from 3123 participants at baseline and follow-up at 20 years were used, with balanced proportions of Caucasians and African Americans. The relationships of SU with categories of beer, liquor, wine and total alcohol intake referent to no intake were examined in sex-specific, cross-sectional analyses. RESULTS: Mean age (SD) at the beginning of follow-up was 25.1 (3.6) years. Compared with non-drinkers, significant associations between higher SU concentrations and greater beer intake were observed among men and women, with more pronounced and consistent associations for women. An association between greater liquor intake and higher SU concentrations was only seen for men at the year 20 evaluation. Wine intake was not associated with SU in either sex and total alcohol was associated with higher SU concentrations in both men and women. The magnitude of the associations between alcoholic beverages intake and SU was modest (0.03 mg/dl/alcoholic beverage serving). CONCLUSION: An association between higher SU concentrations and greater beer intake was consistent and pronounced among women, but also present in men. Despite the small magnitude of the increases in SU associated with alcohol intake, clinical implications in conditions such as cardiovascular disease and gout in young adults who are moderate and heavy drinkers cannot be ruled out. 
The objective was to describe retinol plasma concentration and its association with socio-demographic characteristics and dietary habits in French older persons. The study population consisted of 1664 subjects aged 65 + from Bordeaux (France), included in the Three-City cohort. Retinol plasma concentration was determined in fasting blood samples. Dietary assessment was performed by a food frequency questionnaire allowing estimation of weekly intake of dietary sources of vitamin A or provitamin A. The weekly number of glasses of alcohol was also recorded. Age, sex, marital status, educational and income levels, body-mass index (BMI), and smoking were registered. Cross-sectional analysis of the association between plasma retinol and socio-demographic characteristics and dietary habits was performed by multilinear regression. Mean plasma retinol was close to the homeostatically regulated concentration of 2.0 micromol/L but ranged from 0.35 to 6.77 micromol/L. It was higher in women and divorced or separated individuals, and increased with income but not with age or educational level. Plasma retinol was positively and independently associated with the frequency of offal consumption and to the number of glasses of alcohol consumed per week. These results allow targeting older individuals who are at risk of either excessive or deficient vitamin A status and who should benefit from dietary counseling.
Low pretreatment vitamin D status has been associated with worsened disease outcomes in patients with cancer at various sites. Its prognostic significance in head and neck cancer (HNC) patients has not been studied. Patients with HNC who participated in a randomized trial were evaluated for: (i) total intake of vitamin D from diet and supplements using a validated food frequency questionnaire (all trial participants, n = 540) and (ii) pretreatment serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D through a radioimmunoassay (n = 522). The association of dietary/serum measures of vitamin D status with HNC recurrence, second primary cancer (SPC) incidence, and overall mortality was evaluated using multivariate Cox proportional hazard models. There was no significant association between dietary or serum vitamin D measures and the three HNC outcomes. The hazard ratios (HRs) comparing the highest with the lowest quartile of dietary/supplemental vitamin D intake were 1.10 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.66-1.84) for recurrence, 1.05 (95% CI: 0.63-1.74) for SPC, and 1.27 (95% CI: 0.87-1.84) for overall mortality. HRs comparing the uppermost to the lowest quartile of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were 1.12 (95% CI: 0.65-1.93) for recurrence, 0.72 (95% CI: 0.40-1.30) for SPC, and 0.85 (95% CI: 0.57-1.28) for overall mortality. There was no effect modification by cancer stage, season of initial treatment, or trial arm. Among patients with HNC, vitamin D status before treatment does not influence disease outcomes. Our results contrast with those from most published studies, which suggest prognostic significance of vitamin D status in cancer patients at least in subgroups.
The objective of the present study was to investigate the influence of the single nucleotide polymorphism (rs17238540) at the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase gene (HMGCR) on the relationship between serum lipids and dietary fat and fibre (NSP). FFQ and pyrosequencing were used to assess cross-sectional dietary intake and HMGCR genotype in a population study with data for serum lipids available. Genotype frequencies and allele distributions for 23 011 participants were: TT 95.65 %, TG 4.29 % and GG 0.06 %; T 97.8 % and G 2.2 %. In regression analyses, the TG+GG group showed a significant positive relationship between TAG and SFA intake (+0.11 (95 % CI 0.02, 0.20) mmol TAG/l; P = 0.017; per 3 % SFA energy increase) while the TT individuals showed no change in the TAG levels related to SFA intake ( - 0.0007 (95 % CI - 0.02, 0.02) mmol TAG/l; P = 0.99). TG+GG individuals showed an inverse relationship between TAG and fibre intake higher ( - 0.14 (95 % CI - 0.22, - 0.05) mmol TAG/l than the TT group ( - 0.04 (95 % CI - 0.06, - 0.02) mmol TAG/l). In both cases the respective coefficient regressions of TAG were different between the genotype groups (Z = 2.27, P = 0.023 for SFA intake; Z = 2.19, P = 0.029 for fibre intake). Individuals carrying the G allele may show a greater response in lower TAG levels with reduced SFA intake and increased fibre intake compared with those homozygous for the T allele. The effectiveness of different dietary interventions to control serum lipids may vary according to HMGCR genotype.
Chronic graft-versus-host disease (cGVHD) associated morbidity and mortality remain major barriers for successful allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (alloHSCT). Currently, no reliable measures are established to monitor cGVHD activity changes for use in clinical trials. The Human Activity Profile (HAP) patient self-report was proposed by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) cGVHD consensus project as an independent measure of patients' functional status that could also indirectly reflect improvement of cGVHD, but that has not been validated in an alloHSCT patient population. One hundred seventy-six patients (median age 44 years [range: 18-72 years] after alloHSCT were evaluated with a German translation of the HAP, the NIH criteria-based cGVHD activity assessment, the Lee cGVHD Symptom-Scale, FACT-BMT, SF36, Berlin Social Support Scale, 24-Item Adjective Measure (24-AM), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and the NCCN-Distress-Thermometer. Enrollment occurred a median of 286 (range: 85-4003) days after alloHSCT. Follow-up surveys were conducted at 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, and 12 months after the baseline survey. Although 117 patient had cGVHD at time of enrollment (mild n = 33, moderate n = 50, or severe n=34), 59 patients were included into the study in the absence of cGVHD between days 85 and 395 after transplantation. The maximum activity score (MAS) and adjusted activity score (AAS) of the HAP correlated inversely with grading of cGVHD severity (mild, moderate, or severe) (r = -0.25 for MAS and -0.24 for AAS). Lung manifestations of cGVHD correlated with AAS (r = 0.17), but not with MAS. HAP scores correlated with subscales from other instruments measuring physical domains, especially the physical functioning scale of the SF36. Performance was improved by use of an HSCT-modified HAP scoring system that excluded activities prohibited within the first year after alloHSCT. No significant correlation of the HAP was found with personality, age, sex, symptom burden, or social functioning or social well-being. Moreover, the HAP displayed a higher sensitivity to change of cGVHD activity compared to the SF36 and the FACT-BMT. In addition, steroid myopathy correlated with both HAP scores, but not the SF36. The HAP is a simple and valid questionnaire for the evaluation of the physical activity in patients after alloHSCT, with the advantage of detecting changes in cGVHD status independently of other quality-of-life measures and with a superior sensitivity compared to the SF36.
Subjects with the metabolic syndrome (MetS) have enhanced oxidative stress and inflammation. Dietary fat quality has been proposed to be implicated in these conditions. We investigated the impact of four diets distinct in fat quantity and quality on 8-iso-PGF2 (a major F2-isoprostane and oxidative stress indicator), 15-keto-13,14-dihydro-PGF2 (15-keto-dihydro-PGF2, a major PGF2 metabolite and marker of cyclooxygenase-mediated inflammation) and C-reactive protein (CRP). In a 12-week parallel multicentre dietary intervention study (LIPGENE), 417 volunteers with the MetS were randomly assigned to one of the four diets: two high-fat diets (38% energy (%E)) rich in SFA or MUFA and two low-fat high-complex carbohydrate diets (28%E) with (LFHCC n-3) or without (LFHCC) 124g/d of very long chain n-3 fatty acid supplementation. Urinary levels of 8-iso-PGF2 and 15-keto-dihydro-PGF2 were determined by RIA and adjusted for urinary creatinine levels. Serum concentration of CRP was measured by ELISA. Neither concentrations of 8-iso-PGF2 and 15-keto-dihydro-PGF2 nor those of CRP differed between diet groups at baseline (P>007) or at the end of the study (P>044). Also, no differences in changes of the markers were observed between the diet groups (8-iso-PGF2, P=083; 15-keto-dihydro-PGF2, P=045; and CRP, P=097). In conclusion, a 12-week dietary fat modification did not affect the investigated markers of oxidative stress and inflammation among subjects with the MetS in the LIPGENE study.
The relationship between deoxynivalenol (DON) intake and first morning urinary DON was examined in UK adults to validate the latter as a biomarker of human exposure. DON was assessed in first morning samples collected during a period of normal diet, a wheat-restriction intervention diet, and partial wheat-restriction intervention in which bread was allowed. During the partial intervention duplicate bread portions were collected for DON analysis. During the normal diet, partial intervention and full intervention, urinary DON was detected in 198/210 (geometric mean 10.1 ng DON mg(-1) creatinine, 95% confidence interval (CI) 8.6-11.6 ng mg(-1); range nd-70.7 ng mg(-1)), in 94/98 (5.9 ng mg(-1), 95% CI 4.8-7.0 ng mg(-1); range nd-28.4 ng mg(-1)), and 17/40 (0.5 ng mg(-1), 95% CI 0.3-0.7 ng mg(-1); range nd-3.3 ng mg(-1)) volunteers, respectively. A strong correlation between DON intake and the urinary biomarker was observed (p <0.001, adjusted r(2) = 0.83) in models adjusting for age, sex and body mass index. These data demonstrate a quantitative correlation between DON exposure and urinary DON, and serve to validate the use of urinary DON as an exposure biomarker.
Although increased concentrations of plasma inflammatory markers are not one of the criteria to diagnose the metabolic syndrome, low-grade systemic inflammation is receiving large attention as a metabolic syndrome component and cardiovascular risk factor. As several epidemiological studies have suggested a negative relationship between low-fat dairy consumption and the metabolic syndrome, we decided to investigate the effects of low-fat dairy consumption on inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules in overweight and obese subjects in an intervention study. Thirty-five healthy subjects (BMI>27 kg/m) consumed, in a random order, low-fat dairy products (500 ml low-fat milk and 150 g low-fat yogurt) or carbohydrate-rich control products (600 ml fruit juice and three fruit biscuits) daily for 8 weeks. Plasma concentrations of TNF- were decreased by 0.16 (SD 0.50) pg/ml (P = 0.070), and soluble TNF- receptor-1 (s-TNFR-1) was increased by 110.0 (SD 338.4) pg/ml (P = 0.062) after the low-fat dairy period than after the control period. s-TNFR-2 was increased by 227.0 (SD 449.0) pg/ml (P = 0.020) by the dairy intervention. As a result, the TNF- index, defined as the TNF-:s-TNFR-2 ratio, was decreased by 0.000053 (SD 0.00012) (P = 0.015) after the dairy diet consumption. Low-fat dairy consumption had no effect on IL-6, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, intracellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 concentrations. The present results indicate that in overweight and obese subjects, low-fat dairy consumption for 8 weeks may increase concentrations of s-TNFR compared with carbohydrate-rich product consumption, but that it has no effects on other markers of chronic inflammation and endothelial function.
BACKGROUND: High intake of dietary fructose is accused of being responsible for the development of the insulin resistance (IR) syndrome. Concern has arisen because of the realization that fructose, at elevated concentrations, can promote metabolic changes that are potentially deleterious. Among these changes is IR which manifests as a decreased biological response to normal levels of plasma insulin. METHODS: Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were carried out, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA) was calculated, homocysteine (Hcy), lipid concentrations and markers of oxidative stress were measured in male Wistar rats weighing 170-190 g. The rats were divided into four groups, kept on either control diet or high fructose diet (HFD), and simultaneously supplemented with 300 mg/kg/day taurine via intra-peritoneal (i.p.) route for 35 days. RESULTS: Fructose-fed rats showed significantly impaired glucose tolerance, impaired insulin sensitivity, hypertriglyceridemia, hypercholesterolemia, hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy), lower total antioxidant capacity (TAC), lower paraoxonase (PON) activity, and higher nitric oxide metabolites (NOx) concentration, when compared to rats fed on control diet. Supplementing the fructose-fed rats with taurine has ameliorated the rise in HOMA by 56%, triglycerides (TGs) by 22.5%, total cholesterol (T-Chol) by 11%, and low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) by 21.4%. Taurine also abolished any significant difference of TAC, PON activity and NOx concentration among treated and control groups. TAC positively correlated with PON in both rats fed on the HFD and those received taurine in addition to the HFD. Fructose-fed rats showed 34.7% increase in Hcy level. Taurine administration failed to prevent the observed HHcy in the current dosage and duration. CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that HFD could induce IR which could further result in metabolic syndrome (MS), and that taurine has a protective role against the metabolic abnormalities induced by this diet model except for HHcy. 
The effect of protein fractionation on the bioavailability of amino acids and peptides and insulin response and whether the protein source influences these effects in humans are poorly understood. This study compared the effects of different sources and degrees of hydrolysis of dietary protein, independent of carbohydrate, on plasma amino acid and dipeptide levels and insulin responses in humans. Ten subjects were enrolled in the study, with five subjects participating in trials on either soy or whey protein and their hydrolysates. Protein hydrolysates were absorbed more rapidly as plasma amino acids compared to nonhydrolyzed protein. Whey protein also caused more rapid increases in indispensable amino acid and branched-chain amino acid concentrations than soy protein. In addition, protein hydrolysates caused significant increases in Val-Leu and Ile-Leu concentrations compared to nonhydrolyzed protein. Whey protein hydrolysates also induced significantly greater stimulation of insulin release than the other proteins. Taken together, these results demonstrate whey protein hydrolysates cause significantly greater increases in the plasma concentrations of amino acids, dipeptides, and insulin.
This cross-sectional study of acute psychiatric admissions compared physicians' assessments of recent substance intake and on-site urine testing with comprehensive laboratory drug analyses. The sample comprised 325 consecutive admissions from 2 acute psychiatric wards. Physicians on call were asked to judge if the patient had recently taken benzodiazepines, opiates, alcohol, amphetamines, cannabis, or cocaine. Blood and urine samples were obtained and analyzed with chromatographic laboratory methods for a wide range of substances. A routine on-site urine screening test was performed in 92 of the cases. Physicians' assessments and on-site urine testing were compared with the reference standard of laboratory analyses. The sensitivity of the physician's assessment was highest for amphetamines (76%), followed by benzodiazepines (61%), opiates (57%), cannabis (55%), and cocaine (50%), whereas specificity was greater than 90% for all substances. The sensitivity of the on-site test ranged from 76% for amphetamine to 97% for cannabis, and specificity ranged from 82% for cannabis to 100% for cocaine. The study indicates clinical underdetection of recent substance intake among acute psychiatric admissions. On-site urine testing identified substance use that was not recognized by the physician's initial assessment, although specificity for cannabis and benzodiazepines was low. Chromatographic methods, which offered important supplementary information about substance use, should be considered for the routine screening of acutely admitted psychiatric patients.
Here we determined the relationship between red blood cell (RBC) omega-3 (n-3) long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) and usual dietary marine food product intake among 630 Nunavik Inuit adults. Marine food product intake was determined by a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and fatty acids were quantified in RBC membranes. Multiple linear regression was undertaken to determine the relationship between marine food product intake and RBC n-3 LC-PUFAs (dependent variable). Mean RBC n-3 LC-PUFA level was 9.16  0.11% [SEM]. The highest correlations noted with RBC n-3 LC-PUFAs were for marine mammal fat (r(s)=0.41, P<0.0001) and fish (r(s)=0.35, P<0.0001). Age, total marine mammal fat and fish intakes were the variables that contributed the most to predicted RBC n-3 LC-PUFAs and explained 34%, 15% and 5%, respectively, of its variances. Our study indicates that marine mammal fat intake is more important than fish in accounting for RBC n-3 LC-PUFA levels among the Nunavik Inuit.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between cereal consumption and cardiovascular risk factors including waist, height, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and HDL cholesterol in a sample of adolescent girls. DESIGN: Longitudinal study. SETTING: The study was conducted from 1987 to 1997 and data were collected at three study sites (University of California at Berkeley, University of Cincinnati and Westat Inc., Rockville, MD, USA). Mixed models were used to estimate the association between the number of days of eating cereal and these four outcome variables. SUBJECTS: Girls (n 2371) who participated in the 10-year National Heart, Lung, and Blood Growth and Health Study (NGHS) and completed a 3 d food diary in years 1-5 and 7, 8 and 10. RESULTS: Adolescent girls who ate cereal more often had lower waist-to-height ratio (P<0.005), lower total cholesterol (P<0.05) and lower LDL cholesterol (P<0.05), taking into account sociodemographic variables, physical activity levels and total energy intake. CONCLUSIONS: Findings suggest that cereal consumption is associated with markers of cardiovascular risk and that childhood patterns of consumption may influence the development of risk factors later in adolescence. 
OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to examine the effects of daily servings of butter, no-trans-fat margarine and plant sterol margarine, within recommended amounts, on plasma lipids, apolipoproteins (Apos), biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, and on the transfer of lipids to HDL particles in free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome. METHODS: This was a randomized, single-blind study where 53 metabolic syndrome subjects (62% women, mean age 54 years) received isocaloric servings of butter, no-trans-fat margarine or plant sterol margarine in addition to their usual diets for 5 weeks. The main outcome measures were plasma lipids, Apo, inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction markers (CRP, IL-6, CD40L or E-selectin), small dense LDL cholesterol concentrations and in vitro radioactive lipid transfer from cholesterol-rich emulsions to HDL. Difference among groups was evaluated by analysis of variance. RESULTS: There was a significant reduction in Apo-B (-10.4 %, P=0.043) and in the Apo-B/Apo-A-1 ratio (-11.1%, P=0.034) with plant sterol margarine. No changes in plasma lipids were noticed with butter and no-trans-fat margarine. Transfer rates of lipids to HDL were reduced in the no-trans-fat margarine group: triglycerides -42.0%, (P<0.001 vs butter and sterol margarine) and free cholesterol -16.2% (P=0.006 vs sterol margarine). No significant effects were noted on the concentrations of inflammatory and endothelial dysfunction markers among the groups. CONCLUSIONS: In free-living subjects with the metabolic syndrome consumption of plant sterol and no-trans-fat margarines within recommended amounts reduced, respectively, Apo-B concentrations and the ability of HDL to accept lipids. 
This study aimed to determine the hemato-biochemical picture and blood oxidative stress in zebu cattle in an arsenic-contaminated zone. Significant decline in total erythrocyte count, packed cell volume, and total plasma protein was observed in cattle of that area in comparison to uncontaminated zone. There was significant elevation of plasma enzyme activities of both alanine aminotransaminase and aspertate aminotransaminase. Increased corpuscular osmotic fragility also proved to be a mechanism for deviation from normal functioning of erythrocytes. Cattle in the affected zone showed a significantly higher arsenic burden in blood. Those animals further showed decreased superoxide dismutase, catalase activities of erythrocytes, and plasma nitrite level, but increased lipid peroxidation and protein carbonyl level. Our finding concluded that cattle of the arsenic-contaminated zone is suffering from a subclinical form of arsenic toxicity, which is proved through altered hemato-biochemical indices and a certain extent of oxidative stress with higher arsenic concentration in blood.
Consuming energy-containing beverages may lead to weight gain, yet research investigating this issue is limited. An easily administered beverage intake assessment tool could facilitate research on this topic. The purpose of this cross-sectional investigation was to determine the validity and reliability of a self-administered beverage intake questionnaire (BEVQ) that estimates mean daily intake of beverages consumed across 19 beverage categories. Participants (N=105; aged 39+/-2 years) underwent assessments of height, weight, body mass index, and dietary intake using 4-day food intake records from June 2008 to June 2009. The BEVQ was completed at two additional visits (BEVQ1, BEVQ2). Urine samples were collected to objectively determine total fluid intake and encourage accurate self-reporting. Validity was assessed by comparing BEVQ1 with food intake record results; reliability was assessed by comparing BEVQ1 and BEVQ2. Analyses included descriptive statistics, bivariate correlations, paired samples t tests, and independent samples t tests. Self-reported water and total beverage intake (in grams) were not different between the BEVQ1 and food intake records (mean difference 129+/-77 g [P=0.096] and 61+/-106 g [P=0.567], respectively). Total beverage and sugar-sweetened beverage energy intake were significantly different, although mean differences were small (63 and 44 kcal, respectively). Daily consumption (in grams) of water (r=0.53), total beverages (r=0.46), and sugar-sweetened beverages (r=0.49) determined by the BEVQ1 were correlated with reported intake determined by the food intake record, as was energy from total beverages (r=0.61) and sugar-sweetened beverages (r=0.59) (all P values <0.001). Reliability was demonstrated, with correlations (P<0.001) detected between BEVQ1 and BEVQ2 results. The BEVQ is a valid, reliable, and rapid self-administered dietary assessment tool.
Increasing dietary electrolyte balance (dEB) has previously been shown to reduce the incidence of nonambulatory and noninjured swine, improve meat quality, and reduce the incidence of gastric ulcers. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of dEB under commercial conditions. Due to the variability in feed withdrawal, transport, and lairage conditions in the swine industry, it was necessary to determine first the persistence of blood changes during the marketing process after alteration of dEB. Sixteen pens of 8 crossbred barrows were assigned to a low (121 mEq/kg) or high (375 mEq/kg) dEB diet, calculated as Na(+) + K(+) - Cl(-), to determine the persistence of blood changes associated with the alteration of dEB. Diets were formulated to meet or exceed NRC (1998) requirements for energy, protein, vitamins, and minerals. Dietary treatments were provided for ad libitum intake for 3 d before slaughter. Before transport, animals were fasted in the barn for approximately 10 h. After fasting, animals were shipped to the packing plant, rested for 8 h, and subsequently slaughtered. Initial and final BW of the animals were obtained. Blood was sampled at baseline (2 d before administration of diets), before feed withdrawal (0 h), after feed withdrawal (10 h), and at exsanguination (20 h). Consumption of the high dEB diet for 3 d resulted in an increase in blood TCO(2) (P = 0.001), HCO(3)(-) (P = 0.001), and base excess (P = 0.0003) and a decrease in Cl(-) (P = 0.0002) and anion gap (P = 0.01). These differences, however, were not maintained for any of the blood components after the 10-h feed withdrawal (P > 0.22). Increasing dEB had no adverse effects (P > 0.18) on growth performance, meat quality, or carcass yield and did not decrease pars esophageal ulcer scores. This study demonstrated that the effect of dEB on blood components was not maintained after a 10-h feed withdrawal. Therefore, it is likely that the ability of the animal to withstand any increased metabolic acid load associated with the stress of transport was lost after feed withdrawal. Further research is needed to determine the effects of dEB alteration in animals that have not been fasted before shipment and using diets with a larger difference in dEB.
OBJECTIVE: to develop and validate a questionnaire on severe maternal morbidity and to evaluate the maternal recall of complications related to pregnancy and childbirth. DESIGN: validity of a questionnaire as diagnostic instrument. SETTING: a third level referral maternity in Campinas, Brazil. POPULATION: 386 survivors of severe maternal complications and 123 women that delivered without major complications between 2002 and 2007. METHODS: eligible women were traced and interviewed by telephone on the occurrence of obstetric complications and events related to their treatment. Their answers were compared with their medical records as gold standard. Sensitivity, specificity and likelihood ratios plus their correspondent 95% confidence intervals were used as main estimators of accuracy. MAIN OUTCOMES: diagnosis of severe maternal morbidity associated with past pregnancies, including hemorrhage, eclampsia, infections, jaundice and related procedures (hysterectomy, admission to ICU, blood transfusion, laparotomy, inter-hospital transfer, mechanical ventilation and post partum stay above seven days). RESULTS: Women did not recall accurately the occurrence of obstetric complications, especially hemorrhage and infection. The likelihood ratios were < 5 for hemorrhage and infection, while for eclampsia it almost reached 10. The information recalled by women regarding hysterectomy, intensive care unit admission and blood transfusion were found to be highly correlated with finding evidence of the event in the medical records (likelihood ratios ranging from 12.7-240). The higher length of time between delivery and interview was associated with poor recall. CONCLUSION: Process indicators are better recalled by women than obstetric complication and should be considered when applying a questionnaire on severe maternal morbidity. 
Obesity is associated with glomerular hyperfiltration and increased urinary protein excretion, as well as structural and functional changes that lead to kidney disease and failure. Dietary protein mimics obesity's effects on the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and proteinuria and, in certain circumstances, may have the potential to adversely affect kidney function. Here we tested the hypothesis that dietary protein independently explains elevations in the GFR and proteinuria found in obese persons with a normal serum creatinine. Seventeen patients were randomized in a double-blind, crossover fashion for 1-week periods to high (140 g/day) and low (50 g/day) protein diets with a 1-week washout interval separating these periods. High protein consumption was associated with a very modest but significant increase in the GFR of 5  6 ml/min. Hence, while dietary protein does modulate kidney parameters, it is unlikely to fully account for the elevations in GFR and proteinuria found in obesity.
BACKGROUND: Studies have suggested that daidzein-metabolizing phenotypes have beneficial effects on a range of health outcomes. We investigated the prevalence of equol producers and the relationship of equol phenotype with habitual isoflavone consumption and serum lipid concentrations in 200 Chinese adults in Beijing. METHODS: After the baseline survey and dietary records, 200 healthy adults in Beijing were challenged with a soy-isoflavone supplement for 3 days; 24-hour urine samples were collected before and after the challenge. Isoflavones and their metabolites in urine were measured to determine equol phenotype. Serum lipids, uric acid, and other biochemical markers were also measured. RESULTS: Only 26.8% of the participants excreted equol when on a regular diet, as compared with 60.4% after the challenge. After the challenge, urinary isoflavonoid excretion increased in all participants, while equol excretion increased only in equol producers. Isoflavone intake was correlated with urinary isoflavone (range r = 0.49-0.58, P < 0.01). As compared with nonproducers, equol producers were less likely to consume cereals (P < 0.001). There was no significant correlation between serum lipids and isoflavone intake. Serum lipids were not significantly affected by equol phenotype. CONCLUSIONS: Urinary equol excretion was detected in about 25% of participants under their usual dietary conditions. Their potential to produce equol was increased after the challenge. Urinary isoflavone levels may serve as a useful biomarker for isoflavone intake in populations. We observed an association between equol phenotype and cereal intake. Our findings also suggest that dietary isoflavone intake has no significant effect on serum lipids in healthy participants, regardless of equol phenotype. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Previously, we found significantly higher serum leptin in Japanese-Americans in Hawaii than Japanese in Japan. We investigated whether differences in dietary and other lifestyle factors explain higher serum leptin concentrations in Japanese living a Western lifestyle in Hawaii compared with Japanese in Japan. METHODS AND RESULTS: Serum leptin and nutrient intakes were examined by standardized methods in men and women ages 40-59 years from two population samples, one Japanese-American in Hawaii (88 men, 94 women), the other Japanese in central Japan (123 men, 111 women). Multiple linear regression models were used to assess role of dietary and other lifestyle traits in accounting for serum leptin difference between Hawaii and Japan. Mean leptin was significantly higher in Hawaii than Japan (7.2  6.8 vs 3.7  2.3 ng/ml in men, P < 0.0001; 12.8  6.6 vs 8.5  5.0 in women <0.0001). In men, higher BMI in Hawaii explained over 90% of the difference in serum leptin; in women, only 47%. In multiple linear regression analyses in women, further adjustment for physical activity and dietary factors--alcohol, dietary fiber, iron--produced a further reduction in the coefficient for the difference, total reduction 70.7%; P-value for the Hawaii-Japan difference became 0.126. CONCLUSION: The significantly higher mean leptin concentration in Hawaii than Japan may be attributable largely to differences in BMI. Differences in nutrient intake in the two samples were associated with only modest relationship to the leptin difference. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To validate 24h dietary recall of fruit intake by measuring the total 24h excretion of 10 different flavonoids in 24h urine during an intervention with free fruit at workplaces. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Employees at workplaces offering a free-fruit program, consisting of daily free and easy access to fresh fruit, and controls employees at workplaces with no free-fruit program were enrolled in this validation study (n=103). Dietary intake was assessed by using a 24h dietary recall questionnaire at baseline and approximately 5 months later. Ten flavonoids, quercetin, isorhamnetin, tamarixetin, kaempferol, hesperetin, naringenin, eriodictyol, daidzein, genistein, and phloretin, were measured using HPLC-electrospray ionization-MS. RESULTS: The 24h urinary excretion of total flavonoids and the estimated intake of fruits were significantly correlated (r (s)=0.31, P<0.01). The dietary intake of citrus fruits and citrus juices was significantly correlated with total excretion of citrus specific flavonoids (r (s)=0.28, P<0.01), and orange was positively correlated with naringenin (r (s)=0.24, P<0.01) and hesperetin (r (s)=0.24, P<0.01). Phloretin in urine was correlated with apple intake (r (s)=0.22, P<0.01) and also with overall estimated intake of fruit (r (s)=0.22, P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that a 24h dietary recall can be used as a valid estimate of the intake of fruits in agreement with an objective biomarker of fruit intake in free fruit at workplace interventions. 
BACKGROUND: Three daily portions of whole-grain foods could lower cardiovascular disease risk, but a comprehensive intervention trial was needed to confirm this recommendation. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to assess the effects of consumption of 3 daily portions of whole-grain foods (provided as only wheat or a mixture of wheat and oats) on markers of cardiovascular disease risk in relatively high-risk individuals. DESIGN: This was a randomized controlled dietary trial in middle-aged healthy individuals. After a 4-wk run-in period with a refined diet, we randomly allocated volunteers to a control (refined diet), wheat, or wheat + oats group for 12 wk. The primary outcome was a reduction of cardiovascular disease risk factors by dietary intervention with whole grains, which included lipid and inflammatory marker concentrations, insulin sensitivity, and blood pressure. RESULTS: We recruited a total of 233 volunteers; 24 volunteers withdrew, and 3 volunteers were excluded. Systolic blood pressure and pulse pressure were significantly reduced by 6 and 3 mm Hg, respectively, in the whole-grain foods groups compared with the control group. Systemic markers of cardiovascular disease risk remained unchanged apart from cholesterol concentrations, which decreased slightly but significantly in the refined group. CONCLUSIONS: Daily consumption of 3 portions of whole-grain foods can significantly reduce cardiovascular disease risk in middle-aged people mainly through blood pressure-lowering mechanisms. The observed decrease in systolic blood pressure could decrease the incidence of coronary artery disease and stroke by 15% and 25%, respectively. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as ISRCTN27657880. 
BACKGROUND: Resonance Raman spectroscopy (RRS) has been suggested as a feasible method for noninvasive carotenoid measurement of human skin. However, before RRS measures of dermal carotenoids can be used as a biomarker, data on intra- and intersubject variability and validity are needed. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the reproducibility and validity of RRS measures of dermal total carotenoids and lycopene in humans. DESIGN: In study 1, 74 men and women with diverse skin pigmentation were recruited. RRS measures of the palm, inner arm, and outer arm were obtained at baseline, 1 wk, 2 wk, 1 mo, 3 mo, and 6 mo (to maximize seasonal variation). The RRS device used visible light at 488 nm to estimate total carotenoids and at 514 nm to estimate lycopene. Reproducibility was assessed by intraclass correlation coefficients (ICCs). In study 2, we recruited 28 subjects and assessed dietary carotenoid intake, obtained blood for HPLC analyses, performed RRS measures of dermal carotenoid status, and performed dermal biopsies (3-mm punch biopsy) with dermal carotenoids assessed by HPLC. RESULTS: ICCs for total carotenoids across time were 0.97 (palm), 0.95 (inner arm), and 0.93 (outer arm). Total dermal carotenoids assessed by RRS were significantly correlated with total dermal carotenoids assessed by HPLC of dermal biopsies (r = 0.66, P = 0.0001). Similarly, lycopene assessed by RRS was significantly correlated with lycopene assessed by HPLC of dermal biopsies (r = 0.74, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: RRS is a feasible and valid method for noninvasively assessing dermal carotenoids as a biomarker for studies of nutrition and health. 
OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the association between primary DNA damage and chromosomal damage with iron intake and red blood cell parameters of iron status in a sample of healthy children and adolescents from a low-socioeconomic community. METHODS: The level of primary DNA damage was assessed using an alkaline comet assay and the level of chromosomal damage was assessed using the cytokinesis-block micronucleus assay. A automated complete blood count was used to evaluate red blood cell status. The intake of iron was measured using a food-recall questionnaire. RESULTS: According to hemoglobin levels, only 1 of the 30 subjects evaluated was anemic. Nevertheless, 43% of the sampled subjects showed decreased mean corpuscular volume in addition to an increased amount of primary DNA damage (P < 0.05). Mean corpuscular volume was negatively correlated with primary DNA damage (r = -0.429, P = 0.020) but not with chromosomal damage. The association between iron and primary DNA damage showed a U-shaped curve, indicating that an intake of approximately 15 mg of iron per day (up to two-fold of the dietary recommended intake) could minimize primary DNA damage in this age group. The frequency of micronuclei and nucleoplasmic bridges, indicators of chromosomal breakage/loss and chromosomal end-fusions, respectively, showed a negative correlation with iron intake. These results indicate that an intake of iron >15 mg/d could increase genomic stability in binucleated lymphocytes of the same group. CONCLUSION: An intake of iron  15 mg/d can decrease DNA damage in young subjects. 
In a large number of animal experiments, blood collection is crucial for achieving the study aim. Requirements on sampling techniques used include their practicability, their effectiveness in terms of obtaining the desired blood volume, sample quality and low impact on animal's wellbeing. Numerous methods for blood collection from mice have been published. For large blood volumes, submandibular and sublingual bleeding was developed as alternatives to the retrobulbar bleeding method, which is considered controversial as it results in severe tissue damage. Only a few studies report the use of submandibular and sublingual techniques in mice. In particular, the degree of tissue damage or influence on animal's wellbeing due to submandibular bleeding in conscious mice has not yet been clearly assessed. This gap in the knowledge base has been filled by our exploratory study that revealed clear differences between both techniques. Defence movements during submandibular blood collection in conscious mice resulted in more complications and revealed insufficient blood sample quality due to the prolonged duration of blood collection. In addition, it is likely that these movements may have caused lesions to be more pronounced. Changes in red blood cell parameters (red blood cell count, haemoglobin and haematocrit), in glucose and in total protein concentrations observed in anaesthetized animals were most likely related to anaesthesia. Sublingually punctured mice gained significantly more body weight than submandibularly punctured mice, likely due to less severe tissue lesions and improved healing processes. Based on these results, we recommend the sublingual blood collection technique to be used in mice. However, if the submandibular bleeding technique is used, it should be performed in anaesthetized mice only.
Weaning rats were fed a 5% or 30% fat diet containing limited calcium pantothenate for 28 d. The plasma, liver and adrenal pantothenic acid levels in the rats fed on the 30% fat diet were significantly lower than with the 5% fat diet. The results suggest that the high-fat diet affected pantothenic acid metabolism.
BACKGROUND: Inflammation and immune response have potential prognostic implications for breast cancer survivors. We examined how postdiagnosis diet quality is cross-sectionally related to biomarkers of inflammation and adipose-derived hormones among breast cancer survivors and determined whether physical activity or body size modified any observed associations. METHODS: Participants included 746 women diagnosed with stage 0 to IIIA breast cancer. Thirty months after diagnosis, the women completed food frequency questionnaires. We scored diet quality with the Healthy Eating Index (HEI)-2005. Serum concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP), serum amyloid A, leptin, and adiponectin were measured in fasting 30 mL blood samples. Log biomarker values were regressed on quartiles of HEI-2005 scores in multivariate models, and beta scores were exponentiated and expressed as geometric means within quartiles of HEI-2005 scores. RESULTS: Women with better versus poor quality postdiagnosis diets, as defined by higher HEI-2005 scores (Q4 versus Q1), had lower concentrations of CRP (1.6 mg/L versus 2.5 mg/L), but no significant difference in concentrations of serum amyloid A, leptin, or adiponectin. Among women not engaging in recreational physical activity after diagnosis, better diet quality was associated with lower CRP concentrations (2.5 mg/L versus 5.0 mg/L), but no association was observed among women engaging in any recreational physical activity (1.4 mg/L versus 1.6 mg/L; P heterogeneity = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Among breast cancer survivors, a better-quality diet seems to be associated with lower levels of chronic inflammation. IMPACT: Lower levels of chronic inflammation have been associated with improved survival after breast cancer. 
A major problem in detecting diet-disease associations in nutritional cohort studies is measurement error in self-reported intakes, which causes loss of statistical power. The authors propose using biomarkers correlated with dietary intake to strengthen analyses of diet-disease hypotheses and to increase statistical power. They consider combining self-reported intakes and biomarker levels using principal components or a sum of ranks and relating the combined measure to disease in conventional regression analyses. They illustrate their method in a study of the inverse association of dietary lutein plus zeaxanthin with nuclear cataracts, using serum lutein plus zeaxanthin as the biomarker, with data from the Carotenoids in Age-Related Eye Disease Study (United States, 2001-2004). This example demonstrates that the combined measure provides higher statistical significance than the dietary measure or the serum measure alone, and it potentially provides sample savings of 8%-53% over analysis with dietary intake alone and of 6%-48% over analysis with serum level alone, depending on the definition of the outcome variable and the choice of confounders entered into the regression model. The authors conclude that combining appropriate biomarkers with dietary data in a cohort can strengthen the investigation of diet-disease associations by increasing the statistical power to detect them.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Recently, urinary fructose and sucrose excretion in 24-h urine have been established experimentally as new biomarkers for dietary sugar intake in adults. Our objective was to investigate 1) whether the fructose biomarker is also applicable in free-living children and 2) for what kind of sugar it is standing for. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Intakes of added and total sugar (including additional sugar from fruit and fruit juices) were assessed by 3-day weighed dietary records in 114 healthy prepubertal children; corresponding 24-h urinary fructose excretion was measured photometrically. The associations between dietary sugar intakes and urinary fructose excretion were examined using linear regression models. To determine whether one of the two sugar variables may be better associated with the urinary biomarker, the statistical Pitman's test was used. RESULTS: Added and total sugar correlated significantly with urinary fructose, but the linear regression indicated a weak association between intake of added sugar and urinary log-fructose excretion (=0.0026, R(2)=0.055, P=0.01). The association between total sugar intake and log-urinary fructose (=0.0040, R(2)=0.181, P<0.001) showed a significantly better fit (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Urinary fructose excretion seems to be rather applicable for the estimation of total sugar intake than for the estimation of added dietary sugar intake in children. However, as excreted fructose stems almost exclusively from the diet (both from food-intrinsic and added intakes), it can be assumed that urinary fructose represents a potential biomarker for total dietary fructose intake, irrespective of its source. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: It has been reported that alcohol stimulates appetite. We aimed to establish the association between leptin, as a major food intake regulating factor, and alcohol intake in patients with chronic manifest coronary artery or cerebrovascular disease. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 820 subjects after acute coronary syndrome, coronary revascularization or after first ischemic stroke (the Czech part of EUROASPIRE III surveys). Leptin concentrations were evaluated among predefined categories of reported weekly alcohol intake: abstainers, light drinkers (up to 2 drinks weekly, 1-44g of pure alcohol), mild regular drinkers (3-14 drinks weekly, 45-308g) and moderate or heavy drinkers (more than 15 drinks,  309g of alcohol). RESULTS: Leptin showed a clear negative trend among the alcohol intake categories. Mild regular drinkers showed significantly lower leptin levels (9.3(8.2) ng/ml) compared with abstainers (18.7(18.7) ng/ml, P<0.0001) and light occasional drinkers (14.2(17.8) ng/ml, P=0.00064). The negative association between leptin and alcohol intake as a dependent variable remained significant even after adjustment for potential confounders in multiple linear regression analysis (P=0.00032). CONCLUSIONS: Drinking of small amounts of alcohol was, in our setting, associated with decreased serum leptin concentration, with a possible benefit in terms of cardiovascular risk. 
OBJECTIVE: Overactive bladder (OAB) is a highly prevalent condition with a negative impact on both health-related quality of life and sexual functioning. We aimed to create and validate conceptually equivalent tools to assess OAB for use in diverse cultural and linguistic settings. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: To evaluate the linguistic validity of harmonised translations of the Nocturia Quality of Life (N-QOL) questionnaire, Overactive Bladder Questionnaire (OAB-q) family, Patient Perception of Bladder Condition (PPBC) questionnaire, Overactive Bladder Satisfaction Questionnaire (OAB-S) and International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire (ICIQ) Male Sexual Matters associated with Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms Questionnaire (ICIQ-MLUTSsex), bilingual (target language and English) interviewers cognitively debriefed subjects to assess their ability to paraphrase and understand the instructions, questions and responses within each questionnaire. RESULTS: Overall item comprehension rates were 96% for the N-QOL, 98.9% for the OAB-q, 92% for the PPBC, 98.5% for the OAB-S and 94.3% for the ICIQ-MLUTSsex. DISCUSSION: We found that the translations were well-understood by subjects, although a number of minor changes were made to the N-QOL, OAB-q, OAB-S and ICIQ-MLUTSsex translations in an effort to improve clarity and cultural appropriateness. In a few instances, the majority of subjects in a language were unable to paraphrase a specific term or phrase prior to the revisions. In several cases, problems arose from the wording of the question in the source language. CONCLUSIONS: The translated instruments in this study demonstrated a high level of overall linguistic validity. 
PURPOSE: Lower urinary tract symptoms are common in pediatric patients. To our knowledge no validated instruments properly designed to screen lower urinary tract symptoms in the pediatric population have been published to date. In the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire Committee the psychometric properties of a screening questionnaire for pediatric lower urinary tract symptoms were assessed. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The 12-item International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Pediatric Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms was developed in child and parent self-administered versions, and produced in English, Italian and German using a standard cross-cultural adaptation process. The questionnaire was self-administered to children 5 to 18 years old and their parents presenting for lower urinary tract symptoms (cases) or to pediatric/urological clinics for other reasons (controls). A case report form included history, urinalysis, bladder diary, flowmetry/post-void residual urine volume and clinician judgment on whether each child did or did not have lower urinary tract symptoms. Questionnaire psychometric properties were evaluated and data were stratified into 3 age groups, including 5 to 9, 10 to 13 and 14 to 18 years. RESULTS: A total of 345 questionnaires were completed, of which 147 were negative and 198 were positive for lower urinary tract symptoms. A mean of 1.67% and 2.10% of items were missing in the child and parent versions, respectively. Reliability (Cronbach's ) was unacceptable in only the 5 to 9-year-old group. The high ICC of 0.847 suggested fair child/parent equivalence. Sensitivity and specificity were 89% and 76% in the child version, and 91% and 73.5% in the parent version, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The questionnaire is an acceptable, reliable tool with high sensitivity and specificity to screen for lower urinary tract symptoms in pediatric practice. Problems related to literacy suggest use of the child versions for patients older than 9 years. In research this questionnaire could be used to recalibrate the prevalence of lower urinary tract symptoms in children. 
Although the beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids on several physiologic functions have been widely reported, information about the effects of oily fish in the Asian diet on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk is diminutive. We hypothesize that daily inclusion of oily fish for 8 weeks in the Chinese diet will elevate serum eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) levels and reduce CVD risk markers in dyslipidemic adult men, comparable with the effects generally observed by inclusion of oily fish in the Western diet. In this 8-week randomized, parallel-arm, food-based intervention study, lunches were prepared with 500 g pork/chicken/beef, typically consumed fish (hairtail and freshwater carp), or oily fish (salmon). Male subjects aged between 35 and 70 years with hyperlipidemia were randomly assigned to eat lunches with pork/chicken/beef (n = 30 subjects at 8 weeks), freshwater fish (n = 30), or oily fish (n = 32). Circulating markers were measured at baseline and at 8 weeks. In the oily fish diet, dietary EPA and DHA levels were significantly increased as compared with other diets; and the n-6:n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio was decreased (P < .05). Thus, the oily fish diet significantly elevated serum EPA and DHA concentrations (P < .01) and lowered serum n-6:n-3 ratio at 8 weeks (P < .05). Furthermore, oily fish intake significantly reduced serum levels of triglycerides (P < .05) and interleukin-6 (P < .01) and increased levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P < .01). In conclusion, daily inclusion of oily fish as part of the Chinese diet for 8 weeks is sufficient to significantly increase the serum content of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and reduce levels of CVD risk markers in dyslipidemic adult men.
BACKGROUND: A dietary portfolio has been used to reduce blood lipids in hyperlipidemic subjects. To increase the effectiveness of these dietary treatments in specific populations, it is important to study the genetic variability associated with the development of certain types of hyperlipidemias. Low plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels are the most common dyslipidemia in Mexican adults and are coupled with the presence of the ABCA1 R230C genotype. Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the response of HDL-C concentration to a dietary portfolio in a group of Mexican hyperlipidemic subjects with ABCA1R230C (rs9282541) and R219K (rs2230806) polymorphisms. METHODS: Forty-three hyperlipidemic subjects (20 men and 23 women) were given a low saturated fat (LSF) diet for one month, followed by a LSF diet that included 25g of soy protein and 15g of soluble fiber daily for 2months. We analyzed two ABCA1 polymorphisms and studied their association with serum lipids before and after treatment. RESULTS: Hyperlipidemic subjects with the ABCA1 R230C genotype showed lower HDL-C concentrations at the beginning of the study and were better responders to the dietary treatment than subjects with the ABCA1 R230R genotype (+4.6% vs. +14.6%) (p=.05). According to gender and the presence of the R230C genotype, women responded more significantly to the dietary treatment, reflected by an increase of 21.9% in HDL concentration (p=.022), than women with R230R genotype who only experienced an increase of 2.7% in HDL-C concentration. There was no association between the presence of the ABCA1 R219K variant (p=.544) and HDL concentration. CONCLUSION: Hyperlipidemic Mexican subjects with the ABCA1 R230C genotype showed lower HDL-concentrations and were better responders to dietary portfolio treatments for increasing HDL-C concentrations than subjects with the R230R genotype. 
OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between alcohol consumption and markers of inflammation in preclinical rheumatoid arthritis (RA). METHODS: We studied 174 incident RA cases with stored blood collected 1-16 years prior to RA symptoms (preclinical RA), from the Nurses' Health Study. Alcohol intake was measured using a detailed food frequency questionnaire administered every 4 years, prior to blood collection. Plasma was tested for biomarkers of inflammation, including high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide (anti-CCP) antibodies, interleukin-6 (IL-6), and soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor II (sTNFRII). Generalized additive models were used to identify structure in the relationship between each biomarker and cumulative average alcohol intake. Then general linear models were used for multivariable adjusted analyses with appropriate polynomial terms of alcohol consumption. RESULTS: After controlling for age at blood collection, smoking, parity and duration of breastfeeding, menopausal status, oral contraceptive use, body mass index, and the time between blood collection and RA onset, we found that the daily alcohol consumption showed a U-shaped association with IL-6 levels in RA patients, prior to symptoms. We also found an inverse relationship between alcohol intake and sTNFRII levels, but no associations with hsCRP or anti-CCP levels. CONCLUSION: These results demonstrate an association between alcohol consumption and markers of inflammation, including IL-6 and sTNFRII, in RA patients, prior to the occurrence of symptoms. 
In this study, we investigated the effect of a high n-3 fatty acid diet (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) in Zucker obese and lean rats on blood pressure in association with physiological parameters, serum biochemistry and oxidative stress analysis. After 150 days of treatment, dietary fish oil supplementation in Zucker obese rats (9 months of age) reduces bodyweight gain and serum triglyceridemia and nitrite levels, increases serum glucose and angiotensin converting enzyme activity, but does not alter blood pressure, cholesterol levels and serum markers of oxidative stress (malondialdehyde, glutathione), compared to the Zucker rats fed control diet. According to these results, we can consider that after 150 days of treatment, fish oil is not enough to regulate parameters involved in the metabolic syndrome, such as cholesterolemia and blood pressure, in a 9 month-old genetically type-2 diabetes rat.
We aimed to investigate the association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) and Alzheimer's disease (AD) risk in a prospective study. Specifically, we analyzed reduced inflammation and improved metabolic profile as a potential medium through which the MeDi reduced the risk of AD. During a 4-year follow-up, 118 incident AD cases were identified among the 1219 non-demented elderly (age  65) subjects who provided dietary information and blood samples at baseline. We used high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) as an index of systemic inflammation, and fasting insulin and adiponectin as indexes of metabolic profile. We investigated whether there was a change in the association between MeDi and incident AD risk when the biomarkers were introduced into multivariable adjusted COX models. Better adherence to MeDi was associated with lower level of hsCRP (p =0.003), but not fasting insulin or adiponectin. Better adherence to MeDi was significantly associated with lower risk for AD: compared to those in the lowest tertile of MeDi, subjects in the highest tertile had a 34% less risk of developing AD (p-for-trend =0.04). Introduction of the hsCRP, fasting insulin, adiponectin, or combinations of them into the COX model did not change the magnitude of the association between MeDi and incident AD. Ultimately, the favorable association between better adherence to MeDi and lower risk of AD did not seem to be mediated by hsCRP, fasting insulin, or adiponectin. Other aspects of inflammatory and metabolic pathways not captured by these biomarkers, or non-inflammatory or non-metabolic pathways, may be relevant to the MeDi-AD association.
Epidemiologic studies have shown that populations that consume more fruits and vegetables have lower incidences of some diseases. These health effects have largely been attributed to flavonoid intake and bioavailability. However, no published data on the estimated flavonol and flavone intake of Chinese adults are currently available. Considering reports that food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) have been shown to provide good measurements of energy, macronutrient, and micronutrient intakes, we hypothesized that FFQ may be used to estimate intake of dietary flavonol and flavone. The two 7-day 24-hour dietary recalls (24-HDRs) and plasma levels were used as reference criteria. A total of 128 subjects each completed two 7-day 24-HDR and 2 FFQs, and 92 subjects donated 2 plasma samples. Pearson correlation coefficients and the agreement of quartile categorization between the FFQ and each reference instrument were conducted. Pearson correlation coefficients between 2 FFQs were 0.62 for flavonol and 0.65 for flavone and ranged from 0.48 (quercetin) to 0.63 (luteolin) (all P < .05). Pearson correlation coefficients between FFQ and 24-HDR were 0.62 for flavonol and 0.68 for flavone and ranged from 0.36 (quercetin) to 0.63 (luteolin) (all P < .05). Between the FFQ and plasma samples, Pearson correlation coefficients were 0.52 for flavonol and 0.41 for flavone and ranged from 0.32 (quercetin) to 0.44 (kaempferol) (all P < .05). The complete and partial agreement by quartiles ranged from 70% to 89%. The findings indicate that administering FFQ is a reliable and accurate method of assessing dietary intake of flavonol and flavone.
INTRODUCTION: There is great interest in the nutritional strategies for the prevention of age-related cognitive decline, yet the best methods for nutritional assessment in the populations at risk for dementia are still evolving. Our study objective was to examine the reliability and validity of the 2 common nutritional assessments (plasma nutrient biomarkers and Food Frequency Questionnaire) in the people at risk for dementia. METHODS: Thirty-eight elders, half with amnestic-mild cognitive impairment were recruited. Nutritional assessments were collected together at the baseline and again at 1 month. Intraclass and Pearson correlation coefficients quantified reliability and validity. RESULTS: Twenty-six nutrients were examined. The reliability was very good or better for 77% (20/26, intraclass correlation coefficients or ICC 0.75) of the plasma nutrient biomarkers and for 88% of the food frequency questionnaires (FFQ) estimates. Twelve of the nutrient biomarkers were as reliable as the commonly measured plasma cholesterol (ICC0.92). FFQ and plasma long-chain fatty acids (docosahexaenoic acid, r=0.39, eicosapentaenoic acid, r=0.39) and carotenoids (-carotene, r=0.49; lutein + zeaxanthin, r=0.48; -carotene, r=0.43; -cryptoxanthin, r=0.41) were correlated, but these significant correlations were present only in non-impaired elders. CONCLUSION: The reliability and validity of the FFQ and nutrient biomarkers vary according to the nutrient of interest. Memory deficit attenuates validity and inflates reliability of FFQ reports. Many plasma nutrient biomarkers have very good reliability over 1-month, regardless of memory state. This objective method can circumvent sources of error seen in other less direct and subjective methods of nutritional assessment. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Epidemiologic studies have suggested beneficial effects of flavonoids on cardiovascular disease. Cocoa and particularly dark chocolate are rich in flavonoids and recent studies have demonstrated blood pressure lowering effects of dark chocolate. However, limited data are available on the association of chocolate consumption and the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). We sought to examine the association between chocolate consumption and prevalent CHD. METHODS: We studied in a cross-sectional design 4970 participants aged 25-93 years who participated in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) Family Heart Study. Chocolate intake was assessed through a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. We used generalized estimating equations to estimate adjusted odds ratios. RESULTS: Compared to subjects who did not report any chocolate intake, odds ratios (95% CI) for CHD were 1.01 (0.76-1.37), 0.74 (0.56-0.98), and 0.43 (0.28-0.67) for subjects consuming 1-3 times/month, 1-4 times/week, and 5+ times/week, respectively (p for trend <0.0001) adjusting for age, sex, family CHD risk group, energy intake, education, non-chocolate candy intake, linolenic acid intake, smoking, alcohol intake, exercise, and fruit and vegetables. Consumption of non-chocolate candy was associated with a 49% higher prevalence of CHD comparing 5+/week vs. 0/week [OR=1.49 (0.96-2.32)]. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that consumption of chocolate is inversely related with prevalent CHD in a general United States population. 
We examined the genetic association between blood pressure (BP) responses to dietary sodium and potassium intervention and to cold pressor test (CPT) in a large family-based dietary feeding study. The dietary intervention and CPT were conducted among 1906 participants in rural China. The dietary intervention included three 7-day periods of low-sodium feeding (51.3mmol per day), high-sodium feeding (307.8mmol per day) and high-sodium feeding plus potassium supplementation (60mmol per day). BP responses to high-sodium intervention had strong genetic correlations ((G)) with both BP responses to low sodium ((G)=-0.43 to -0.54, P-values=0.0005 to 0.03) and to potassium supplementation ((G)=-0.41 to -0.49, P-values=0.001 to 0.005) interventions. Most environmental correlations between BP responses to various dietary interventions were significant. The (G) between BP responses to CPT and to high-sodium intervention and potassium supplementation were statistically significant. For example, the (G) between maximum BP responses to CPT and BP responses to high-sodium intervention was 0.37 (P=0.006) for systolic BP (SBP) and 0.41 (P=0.002) for diastolic BP (DBP). The (G) between maximum BP responses to CPT and BP responses to potassium intervention was -0.42 (P=0.001) for SBP and -0.46 (P=0.001) for SBP. Our study suggests that there are common genetic determinants that influence BP responses to dietary sodium and potassium interventions and to CPT.
The use of two non-consecutive 24 h recalls using EPIC-Soft for standardised dietary monitoring in European countries has previously been proposed in the European Food Consumption Survey Method consortium. Whether this methodology is sufficiently valid to assess nutrient intake in a comparable way, among populations with different food patterns in Europe, is the subject of study in the European Food Consumption Validation consortium. The objective of the study was to compare the validity of usual protein and K intake estimated from two non-consecutive standardised 24 h recalls using EPIC-Soft between five selected centres in Europe. A total of 600 adults, aged 45-65 years, were recruited in Belgium, the Czech Republic, France, The Netherlands and Norway. From each participant, two 24 h recalls and two 24 h urines were collected. The mean and distribution of usual protein and K intake, as well as the ranking of intake, were compared with protein and K excretions within and between centres. Underestimation of protein (range 2-13%) and K (range 4-17%) intake was seen in all centres, except in the Czech Republic. We found a fair agreement between prevalences estimated based on the intake and excretion data at the lower end of the usual intake distribution (< 10% difference), but larger differences at other points. Protein and K intake was moderately correlated with excretion within the centres (ranges = 039-067 and 037-069, respectively). These were comparable across centres. In conclusion, two standardised 24 h recalls (EPIC-Soft) appear to be sufficiently valid for assessing and comparing the mean and distribution of protein and K intake across five centres in Europe as well as for ranking individuals.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Fish, especially fatty fish, are the main contributor to eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) intake. EPA and DHA concentrations in red blood cells (RBC) has been proposed as a cardiovascular risk factor, with <4% and >8% associated with the lowest and greatest protection, respectively. The relationship between high fat fish (HFF) intake and RBC EPA + DHA content has been little investigated on a wide range of fish intake, and may be non-linear. We aimed to study the shape of this relationship among high seafood consumers. METHODS AND RESULTS: Seafood consumption records and blood were collected from 384 French heavy seafood consumers and EPA and DHA were measured in RBC. A multivariate linear regression was performed using restricted cubic splines to consider potential non-linear associations. Thirty-six percent of subjects had an RBC EPA + DHA content lower than 4% and only 5% exceeded 8%. HFF consumption was significantly associated with RBC EPA + DHA content (P [overall association] = 0.021) adjusted for sex, tobacco status, study area, socioeconomic status, age, alcohol, other seafood, meat, and meat product intakes. This relationship was non-linear: for intakes higher than 200 g/wk, EPA + DHA content tended to stagnate. Tobacco status and fish contaminants were negatively associated with RBC EPA + DHA content. CONCLUSION: Because of the saturation for high intakes, and accounting for the concern with exposure to trace element contaminants, intake not exceeding 200 g should be considered. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Although previous studies suggest that the traditional Japanese dietary pattern is independently associated with a low cardiovascular disease mortality risk, the mechanisms mediating or linking this association are not well understood. Adiponectin has emerged as a valuable biomarker for cardiovascular diseases. The aim of present study was to evaluate whether dietary patterns are associated with serum adiponectin concentration in Japanese adult men. METHODS AND RESULTS: We designed a cross-sectional study of 702 men (median [interquartile range] age, 44.5 [37.8-54.2] years) living in Japan. Dietary consumption was assessed via a 75-item food frequency questionnaire. We used principal-components analysis to derive 3 major dietary patterns-"Japanese", "sweets-fruits" and, "Izakaya (Japanese Pub)"- from 39 food groups. Serum adiponectin concentration was measured by using a specific sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. After adjustment for potential confounders, the geometric mean (95% confidence interval) for log-transformed adiponectin concentration associated with "Japanese" dietary pattern factor score tertiles were 5.24 (4.84-5.69) for the lowest tertile, 5.82 (5.39-6.29) for the middle tertile, and 5.95 (5.47-6.46) for the highest tertile (P for trend <0.01). In contrast, a significant inverse association was found between the "Izakaya" pattern factor score tertiles and adiponectin concentration (P for trend=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Greater adherence to the "Japanese" dietary pattern was independently associated to a higher serum adiponectin concentration in Japanese adult men. This finding supports the hypothesis that the traditional Japanese diet may have a potentially beneficial effect on adiponectin concentrations. A long-term prospective study or randomized trials are required to clarify this causality. 
The 2004 food market-basket survey in Taiwan found high levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and dibenzofurans (PCDD/Fs) in duck eggs. A subsequent survey in Chang-Hua County, central Taiwan, found nine duck farms for egg production and duck eggs that were highly contaminated by PCDD/Fs in the secondary sampling and analysis during the years 2004 to 2005. Duck-egg farmers eat duck eggs rather than chicken eggs, and the aim of the current study was to evaluate how eating contaminated duck eggs affected serum PCDD/F accumulation and PCDD/F profiles in family members of duck-egg farmers. Forty-two family members of duck-egg farmers and 88 residents living nearby (control group) were recruited. Serum PCDD/F levels were significantly higher in duck-egg farmers than in the control group (28.1 vs 18.6 pg World Health Organization toxic equivalency [TEQ]/g lipid, WHO-TEQ). Significant differences in PCDD/F levels were found for most congeners, especially for 2,3,4,7,8-penta-chlorinated dibenzofurans. Elevated serum PCDD/F levels were positively associated with an increase in monthly duck-egg consumption after adjustments for fish consumption. The current result contradicted results of our previous study, which showed a positive association between fish intake and serum PCDD/F levels. The matter of cultivation in the contaminant area in Chang-Hua County should be considered more seriously.
Urinary stress incontinence is common, but there is a wide range of prevalence which might account for variations in definition of incontinence and variations in study methodology. Our study assessed the validity and reliability of the British Society of Urogynaecology's (BSUG) database subjective outcome scores after the tension-free vaginal tape (TVT), by correlating these with the changes in the Medical Epidemiologic and Social Aspects of Ageing (MESA) questionnaire score. A total of 100 women with urodynamic stress incontinence underwent TVT, completed a MESA questionnaire preoperatively and at 6 months postoperatively. We also collected information about three outcome measures of the BSUG database, patients' global impression of outcome and stress and urge symptom analyses. Our study showed that the postoperative patients' global impression of outcome improved significantly in 85% of cases and had 73.89% reduction in mean MESA scores (p < 0.001). The outcome measures of the BSUG database relates well to symptom improvement, based on MESA scores and these subjective assessments currently used by the BSUG's database are a valid assessment of TVT outcome.
PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to measure the consumption of serum lipid reducing drugs in Serbia from 2004 to 2008, to compare this data with that from Scandinavian countries, and to compare the consumption of lipid lowering drugs and the rate of mortality from cardiovascular diseases in these countries. METHODS: A population-based study was undertaken to analyse lipid lowering drug consumption using the Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical/Defined Daily Dose methodology. Cause-specific mortality rates were obtained from the WHOSIS annual report for the year 2009. RESULTS: In 2008, a total of 1207.44 DDD/1000 inh/day of all drugs, was used in Serbia, of which 38.89% belonged to drugs for cardiovascular diseases. While in Scandinavian countries 17.03-24.80% of drugs for cardiovascular diseases belonged to lipid-lowering drugs, in Serbia it was substantially lower (3%). In 2004 in Serbia, 1.50 DDD/1000 inh/day of statins were used. In 2008, this value was 14.24 DDD/1000 inh/day. In every investigated country, simvastatin made up more than 50% of the consumption of statins. After simvastatin, the next most frequently used statin was atorvastatin, with 5.52, 11.00, 11.17 and 24.82 DDD/1000 inh/day, in Serbia, Denmark, Finland and Norway, respectively. In 2004 Serbia has the highest mortality rate for cardiovascular diseases among investigated countries with 762/100.000 inhabitants and Norway has the lowest rate with 158/100.000 inhabitants. CONCLUSION: The use of lipid lowering drugs is 6-8 times lower in Serbia than in Scandinavian countries but there is an evident rise in lipid lowering drugs consumption in Serbia during years. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Dietary arachidonic acid, an n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-6 PUFA), might be involved in the etiology of ulcerative colitis (UC). We performed a prospective cohort study to determine whether high levels of arachidonic acid in adipose tissue samples (which reflects dietary intake) are associated with UC. METHODS: We analyzed data collected from 57,053 men and women in the EPIC-Denmark Prospective Cohort Study from 1993 to 1997. Adipose tissue biopsy samples were collected from gluteal regions at the beginning of the study, the cohort was monitored over subsequent years, and participants who developed UC were identified. A subcohort of 2510 randomly selected participants were used as controls. Concentrations of arachidonic acid were measured in adipose tissue samples. In the analysis, arachidonic acid levels were divided into quartiles; relative risks (RR) were calculated and adjusted for smoking, use of aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and levels of n-3 PUFAs. RESULTS: A total of 34 subjects (56% men) developed incident UC at a median age of 58.8 years (range, 50.0-69.0 years). Those in the highest quartile for arachidonic acid concentrations in adipose tissue had an RR for UC of 4.16 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.56-11.04); a trend per 0.1% increase in arachidonic acid of 1.77 in RR was observed (95% CI: 1.38-2.27). The fraction attributed the highest levels of arachidonic acid was 40.3%. CONCLUSIONS: Individuals with the highest relative concentrations of arachidonic acid in adipose tissue have a significantly greater risk of developing UC. Dietary modifications might therefore prevent UC or reduce disease symptoms. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To assess the influence of body composition changes on circulating serum visfatin after following 12 weeks of energy restricted diet intervention. We also examined the possible role of visfatin in glucose metabolism and in obesity-associated low-grade inflammation. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 78 obese (BMI 34.0  2.8 kg/m) women aged 36.77 y volunteered to participate in the study. We measured by DXA body fat mass (FM) and lean mass (LM). Fasting serum visfatin, glucose, insulin, adiponectin, leptin, IL-1, IL-6, IL-8, TNF- and CRP concentrations were analyzed before and after the intervention and HOMA and QUIKI indexes were calculated. Mean weight loss 7.7  3.0 kg and HOMA decreased in 24  35%. Serum visfatin concentration change was negatively associated with LM difference (P < 0.05), whereas no significant relationship was observed with FM changes after energy restricted diet intervention. Changes in circulating serum visfatin levels were significantly and inversely associated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.01) and positively with QUICKI index (P < 0.02) after energy restricted diet intervention, regardless of achieved body weight loss. We did not find any significant association between changes in visfatin levels and IL-1, IL-6, IL-8, TNF- and CRP levels after dietary intervention (all P > 0.2). CONCLUSION: Circulating visfatin concentration is associated with sensitivity improvement achieved after energy restricted diet intervention induced weight loss. Furthermore, LM changes could be an influencing factor on visfatin concentrations and consequently, on the improvement of insulin sensitivity after weight loss in obese non-diabetic women. Our findings did not provide any evidence for a role of visfatin increase on low-grade inflammation after weight loss. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: We studied a web-based version of the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Function Questionnaire (PISQ-12). METHODS: A randomized crossover study in which subjects completed both a web-based and paper-based version of the PISQ-12, with a 2-week separation between the completion of the two versions. Demographic data and questionnaire preferences were also assessed. Group 1 completed the web version first, and group 2 completed the paper version first. RESULTS: We recruited 52 women and 50 (96.2%) completed the study. Demographic data were similar for the two groups. There was no difference in total PISQ-12 score (P = 0.41) and a high degree of correlation between versions (r = 0.88). Women preferred the web-based PISQ-12 (77.6%) over the paper-based version. CONCLUSION: The web-based version of the PISQ-12 is a reliable alternative to the standard paper-based version and was preferred by women in this study regardless of age, race, and education. 
Rye whole grain and bran intake has shown beneficial effects on prostate cancer progression in animal models, including lower tumor take rates, smaller tumor volumes, and reduced prostate specific antigen (PSA) concentrations. A human pilot study showed increased apoptosis after consumption of rye bran bread. In this study, we investigated the effect of high intake of rye whole grain and bran on prostate cancer progression as assessed by PSA concentration in men diagnosed with prostate cancer. Seventeen participants were provided with 485 g rye whole grain and bran products (RP) or refined wheat products with added cellulose (WP), corresponding to ~50% of daily energy intake, in a randomized controlled, crossover design. Blood samples were taken from fasting men before and after 2, 4, and 6 wk of treatment and 24-h urine samples were collected before the first intervention period and after treatment. Plasma total PSA concentrations were lower after treatment with RP compared with WP, with a mean treatment effect of -14% (P = 0.04). Additionally, fasting plasma insulin and 24-h urinary C-peptide excretion were lower after treatment with RP compared with WP (P < 0.01 and P = 0.01, respectively). Daily excretion of 5 lignans was higher after the RP treatment than after the WP treatment (P < 0.001). We conclude that whole grain and bran from rye resulted in significantly lower plasma PSA compared with a cellulose-supplemented refined wheat diet in patients with prostate cancer. The effect may be related to inhibition of prostate cancer progression caused by decreased exposure to insulin, as indicated by plasma insulin and urinary C-peptide excretion.
Obesity is linked to systemic oxidative stress and, although brown adipose tissue (BAT) plays a crucial role in energy balance, BAT redox status effects on obesity have not been studied previously. Female rats exhibit a greater BAT thermogenic capacity, attributed to enhanced mitochondrial differentiation, than males. The aim of this study was to investigate whether the mitochondrial sexual dimorphism is related to differences in BAT redox status and to assess its role in the regulation of body weight gain in response to chronic high fat diet (HFD) feeding. Ten-week-old Wistar rats of both genders were fed a pelleted control diet or HFD for 26 weeks. Although mitochondria of female rats produced higher levels of hydrogen peroxide than those of males, females exhibited lower oxidative damage, attributed to greater glutathione peroxidase activity and higher glutathione content. In response to HFD, body weight increased markedly in females, but oxidative capacity increased only in males, thus maintaining improved BAT redox status compared with females. In conclusion, the sexual dimorphism in BAT redox status found in control animals is attenuated by the HFD. The enhanced oxidative capacity of HFD males can be related to their greater resistance to body weight gain.
OBJECTIVE: We recently identified an inverse relation between systolic blood pressure (SBP) and serum 16-hydroxyestrone, a metabolite of 17-estradiol, in postmenopausal women. Formation of 16-hydroxyestrone is catalyzed primarily by CYP1A2, a cytochrome P450 enzyme. The objective of this study was to evaluate the relations between known modifiers of CYP1A2 activity and serum 16-hydroxyestrone in postmenopausal women. We hypothesized that fruits, vegetables, and grains, which contain more soluble fiber (a known inducer of CYP1A2) as a proportion of total fiber, would be more positively associated with serum 16-hydroxyestrone than legumes, which contain less soluble fiber as a proportion of total fiber. METHODS: Serum from a population-based sample of 42 postmenopausal women 55 to 69 y of age living in Cook County, Illinois, was assayed for 16-hydroxyestrone using mass spectrometry. Ordinal logistic regression was used to evaluate the cross-sectional relation between dietary fiber and serum 16-hydroxyestrone after adjusting for multiple covariates. RESULTS: Compared with dietary fiber from legumes, dietary fiber from fruits and vegetables was associated with a greater log odds (B=0.201, P=0.036) of having higher serum concentrations of 16-hydroxyestrone. The log odds of having higher serum concentrations of 16-hydroxyestrone was also lower in African-American women (B=-2.300, P=0.030) compared with white women. CONCLUSION: These results are consistent with previous studies demonstrating a negative relation between SBP and dietary fruits and vegetables and a positive relation between African-American race and SBP. Further research is needed regarding dietary factors that may influence the serum concentration of 16-hydroxyestrone. 
Isothiocyanates (ITCs) found in cruciferous vegetables have been associated with a reduced cancer risk in humans. We determined serum albumin adducts of allyl isothiocyanate (AITC), benzylisothiocyanate (BITC), phenylethylisothiocyanate (PEITC) and sulforaphane (SFN) in 85 healthy men from a dietary, randomized, controlled trial. After enzymatic digestion of albumin we determined the adducts of the ITCs with lysine (Lys) using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. At the beginning of the study (and after 4 weeks) 4.7% (2.4%), 48.2% (35.3%), 5.9% (10.6%), and 24.7% (23.5%) of the samples were found positive for AITC-Lys, BITC-Lys, PEITC-Lys and SFN-Lys, respectively. This method enables the quantification of ITC adducts in albumin from large, prospective studies on diet and cancer.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this work was to investigate the association between consumption of dairy products and levels of various inflammatory markers among adults with no evidence of cardiovascular or other chronic disease. METHODS: The ATTICA study is a cross-sectional survey that enrolled 1514 men (18-87 years old) and 1528 women (18-89 years old) from the Attica region in Greece. Fasting blood samples were collected and dietary habits (including consumption of dairy products [i.e., milk, cheese, and yogurt]) were evaluated using a validated food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: We observed that C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-) levels of individuals consuming between 11 and 14 servings of dairy products per week were almost 16%, 5%, and 12% lower, respectively, than in those consuming fewer than 8 servings (p < 0.05), while those consuming more than 14 servings per week had 29%, 9%, and 20% lower levels of CRP, IL-6, and TNF-, respectively (p < 0.01), even after adjustments were made for age, gender, smoking, physical activity, body mass, dietary habits, and other potential confounders. CONCLUSION: We identified an inverse association between dairy products consumption and levels of various inflammatory markers among healthy adults. Additional clinical trials are needed to refute or confirm our findings. 
PURPOSE: To evaluate food intake of patients with urinary lithiasis and idiopathic hypercalciuria (IH). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Between August 2007 and June 2008, 105 patients with lithiasis were distributed into 2 groups: Group 1 (n = 55)--patients with IH (urinary calcium excretion > 250 mg in women and 300 mg in men with normal serum calcium); Group 2 (n = 50)--normocalciuria (NC) patients. Inclusion criteria were: age over 18, normal renal function (creatinine clearance  60 mL/min), absent proteinuria and negative urinary culture. Pregnant women, patients with some intestinal pathology, chronic diarrhea or using corticoids were excluded. The protocol of metabolic investigation was based on non-consecutive collection of two 24-hour samples for dosages of: calcium, sodium, uric acid, citrate, oxalate, magnesium and urinary volume. Food intake was evaluated through the quantitative method of Dietary Register of three days. RESULTS: Urinary excretion of calcium (433.33  141.92 vs. 188.93  53.09), sodium (280.08  100.94 vs. 200.44.93  65.81), uric acid (880.63  281.50 vs. 646.74  182.76) and magnesium (88.78  37.53 vs. 64.34  31.84) was significantly higher in the IH group in comparison to the NC group (p < 0.05). As regards the nutritional composition of food intake of IH and NC groups, there was no statistical significant difference in any nutrient evaluated. CONCLUSION: In our study, no difference was observed in the food intake of patients with urinary lithiasis and IH or NC. 
To evaluate the effect of hydration and carbohydrate (CHO) status on plasma sodium, fluid balance, and regulatory factors (IL-6 & ADH) during and after exercise; 10 males completed the following conditions: low CHO, euhydrated (fluid intake=sweat loss) (LCEH); low CHO, dehydrated (no fluid) (LCDH); high CHO, euhydrated (HCEH); and high CHO, dehydrated (HCDH). Each trial consisted of 90-min cycling at 60% VO(2) max in a 35C environment followed by 3-h rehydration (RH). During RH, subjects received either 150% of sweat loss (LCDH & HCDH) or an additional 50% of sweat loss (LCEH and HCEH). Blood was analyzed for glucose, IL-6, ADH, and Na(+). Post-exercise Na(+) was greater (p<0.001) for LCDH and HCDH (141.7+0.72 and 141.6+0.4mM) versus LCEH and HCEH (136.4+0.6 and 135.9+0.3mM). Post-exercise IL-6 was similar in all conditions, and post-exercise ADH was greater (p=0.01) in dehydrated versus euhydrated conditions. The rate of urine production was greater in HCEH (7.59+3.0mL/min) compared to all other conditions (3.86+2.2, 5.29+3.1, and 2.96+1.1mL/min for LCDH, LCEH, and HCDH, respectively). Despite CHO and hydration manipulations, no regulatory effects of IL-6 and ADH on plasma [Na(+)] were observed. With euhydration during exercise and additional fluid consumed during recovery, a high-CHO status increased urinary output during recovery, and it decreased the frequency of hyponatremia (Na(+)<135mM). Therefore, a high-CHO status may provide some protection against exercise-associated hyponatremia.
BACKGROUND: A beneficial role of fish consumption on the risk of myocardial infarction (MI) has been reported and is mostly ascribed to n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids. However, fish also contains methylmercury, which may increase the risk of MI. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine how fish consumption and erythrocyte concentrations of mercury (Ery-Hg) and selenium (Ery-Se) are related to the risk of MI and whether n-3 fatty acids (eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids) in plasma phospholipids (P-EPA+DHA) are protective. DESIGN: This was a case-control study nested within the northern Sweden cohort, in which data and samples were collected prospectively. The study included 431 cases with an MI after data and sample collection, including 81 sudden cardiac deaths (SCDs) and 499 matched controls. Another 69 female cases with controls from a breast cancer screening registry were included in sex-specific analyses. RESULTS: Odds ratios for the third compared with the first tertile were 0.65 (95% CI: 0.46, 0.91) for Ery-Hg, 0.75 (95% CI: 0.53, 1.06) for Ery-Se, and 0.78 (95% CI: 0.54, 1.11) for P-EPA+DHA. Ery-Hg and P-EPA+DHA were intercorrelated (Spearman's R = 0.34). No association was seen for reported fish consumption. Multivariate modeling did not change these associations significantly. Sex-specific analyses showed no differences in risk associations. High concentrations of Ery-Se were associated with an increased risk of SCD. CONCLUSIONS: The biomarker results indicate a protective effect of fish consumption. No harmful effect of mercury was indicated in this low-exposed population in whom Ery-Hg and P-EPA+DHA were intercorrelated. 
OBJECTIVE: Both resistin and vitamin D have been associated with the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). We investigated the association between resistin and the RAAS, and resistin and vitamin D under controlled dietary sodium conditions. DESIGN: Retrospective cross-sectional study of subjects from the HyperPATH Consortium, who were maintained in high dietary sodium (HS) and low dietary sodium (LS) balance for 1 week each. PATIENTS: Caucasian subjects with hypertension (n=177). MEASUREMENTS: 25-Hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) levels were used to assess vitamin D status. Plasma resistin and RAAS measures were evaluated on each dietary intervention. RESULTS: Resistin levels were significantly higher in LS, where RAAS activity was high, when compared with HS balance, where RAAS activity was suppressed (6.36 vs 5.86 g/l, P < 0.0001); however, resistin concentrations were not associated with plasma renin activity or serum aldosterone on either diet. 25(OH)D levels were positively and independently associated with resistin in both dietary conditions (HS: =0.400, P-trend=0.027; LS: =0.540, P-trend=0.014). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary sodium loading reduced resistin levels, possibly by suppressing the RAAS; however, circulating RAAS components were not related to resistin concentrations within each specific dietary sodium condition. 25(OH)D was positively associated with resistin and may be involved in resistin regulation through an unknown mechanism. Further studies to understand resistin regulation in human hypertension better are warranted. 
BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic evidence suggests that prenatal growth influences adult blood pressure. Nutritional factors, including salt intake, also influence blood pressure. However, it is unknown whether prenatal growth modifies the association between salt intake and blood pressure in later life. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to examine whether the relation between salt intake and adult blood pressure is modified by birth weight. DESIGN: We studied 1512 participants of the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study who were born between 1934 and 1944. Information on birth weight was abstracted from birth records, and preterm births were excluded. During a clinical study, at the mean age of 62 y, blood pressure, weight, and height were measured. Diet was assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire. The relation between salt intake and blood pressure was tested by a piecewise multivariate regression analysis with the best fitting breakpoints to birth weight and salt intake. RESULTS: An inverse association was observed between birth weight and systolic blood pressure (SBP) (P = 0.02). No significant association between salt intake and SBP was observed in the whole study population. Of those whose birth weight was 3050 g, a 1-g higher daily salt intake was associated with a 2.48-mm Hg (95% CI: 0.40, 4.52 mm Hg) higher SBP (P = 0.017) until the saturation point of 10 g. Of those whose birth weight exceeded 3050 g, SBP was not significantly associated with salt intake. For diastolic blood pressure, no significant relations were observed. CONCLUSION: Adult individuals with low birth weight may be particularly sensitive to the blood pressure-raising effect of salt. 
Increasing levels of obesity within women of reproductive age is a major concern in the UK. Approximately, 13% of women aged <30 and 22% of 31- to 40-year-old women are obese. Obesity increases complications during pregnancy and the risk of caesarean section due to prolonged labour and poor uterine activity. The aim was to investigate whether a high-fat, high-cholesterol (HFHC) diet decreases markers of uterine contractility during parturition in the rat. Female Wistar rats were fed control (CON, n=10) or HFHC (n=10) diets for 6 weeks. Animals were mated and, once pregnant, maintained on their diet throughout gestation. On gestational day 19, rats were monitored continuously and killed at the onset of parturition. Body and fat depot weights were recorded. Myometrial tissue was analysed for cholesterol (CHOL), triglycerides (TAG), and expression of the contractile associated proteins gap junction protein alpha 1 (GJA1; also known as connexin-43, CX-43), prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2 (PTGS2; also known as cyclo-oxygenase-2, COX-2) and caveolin-1 (CAV1) and maternal plasma for prostaglandin F(2)() (PGF(2)()) and progesterone. HFHC fed rats gained greater weight than CON (P<0.003) with significant increases in peri-renal fat (P<0.01). The HFHC diet increased plasma CHOL, TAG and progesterone, but decreased PGF(2)() versus CON (P<0.01, P<0.01, P=0.05 and P<0.02 respectively). Total CHOL and TAG levels of uterine tissue were similar. However, HFHC fed rats showed significant increases in PTGS2 (P<0.037), but decreases in GJA1 and CAV1 (P=0.059). In conclusion, a HFHC diet significantly increases body weight and alters lipid profiles that correlate with decreases in key markers of uterine contractility. Further work is required to ascertain whether these changes have adverse effects on uterine activity.
OBJECTIVE: To describe racial and gender differences in insulin resistance-associated parameters due to sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) intake and physical activity (PA) levels in the adolescent population. METHODS: Data from individuals aged 12 to 19 years from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey during the years 1999-2004 were analyzed. SSB intake and PA levels were evaluated in Non-Hispanic whites, Non-Hispanic blacks, and Mexican Americans. Outcome measures included measurements of insulin sensitivity, lipids, blood pressure, waist circumference, and body mass index. RESULTS: Multivariate linear regression analyses showed that anthropometric measurements, metabolic parameters, and indices of insulin resistance differed among the racial groups. Moreover, within each of these racial groups, they differed between the sexes. CONCLUSIONS: The differing relationships between insulin resistance-associated parameters and SSB intake and PA levels among racial groups and between the sexes illustrate the importance of race and gender in the investigation of diseases such as obesity and metabolic syndrome. 
Acrylonitrile is an IARC class 2B carcinogen present in cigarette smoke. Urinary 2-cyanoethylmercapturic acid (CEMA) is an acrylonitrile metabolite and a potential biomarker for acrylonitrile exposure. The objective of this work was to study the dose response of CEMA in urine of non-smokers and smokers of different ISO tar yield cigarettes. We observed that smokers excreted >100-fold higher amounts of urinary CEMA than non-smokers. The CEMA levels in smokers were significantly correlated with ISO tar yield, daily cigarette consumption, and urinary biomarkers of smoke exposure. In conclusion, urinary CEMA is a suitable biomarker for assessing smoking-related exposure to acrylonitrile.
The objective of this study was to examine the extent to which bitter melon seed (BMS) alleviates the symptoms associated with metabolic syndrome and elucidate the mechanism by which BMS exerts beneficial effects. Three-month-old female Zucker rats were assigned to following groups: lean control (L-Ctrl), obese control (O-Ctrl), and obese + BMS (O-BMS). The control groups were fed AIN-93M purified rodent diet, and the O-BMS group was fed AIN-93M diet modified to contain 3.0% (wt/wt) ground BMS for 100 days. After 100 days of treatment, BMS supplementation in the obese rats lowered the total serum cholesterol by 38% and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels by about 52% and increased the ratio of serum high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol to total cholesterol compared to the O-Ctrl group. The percentage of total liver lipids was about 32% lower and serum triglyceride levels were 71% higher in the O-BMS group compared to the O-Ctrl group. Serum glucose levels were significantly lowered partly because of the increase in the serum insulin levels in the BMS-based diet groups. BMS supplementation increased the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor- (PPAR-) in the white adipose tissue of the obese rats significantly (P<.05) and down-regulated the expression of PPAR-, nuclear factor-B (NF-B), and interferon- mRNA in heart tissue of the obese rats. The findings of this study suggest that BMS improves the serum and liver lipid profiles and serum glucose levels by modulating PPAR- gene expression. To our knowledge, this study for the first time shows that BMS exerts cardioprotective effects by down-regulating the NF-B inflammatory pathway.
The effects of fish oil (FO) substitution by 66% vegetable oils in a diet with already 75% vegetable protein (66VO) on adipose tissue lipid metabolism of gilthead sea bream were analysed after a 14-month feeding trial. In the last 3 months of the experiment, a FO diet was administrated to a 66VO group (group 66VO/FO) as a finishing diet. Hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) activity was measured in adipose tissue and adipocyte size, and HSL, lipoprotein lipase and liver X receptor gene expression in isolated adipocytes, on which lipolysis and glucose uptake experiments were also performed. Lipolysis was measured after incubation with tumour necrosis factor- (TNF), linoleic acid, and two conjugated linoleic acid isomers. Glucose uptake was analysed after TNF or insulin administration. Our results show that FO replacement increased lipolytic activity and adipocyte cell size. The higher proportion of large cells observed in the 66VO group could be involved in their observed lower response to fatty acid treatments and lower insulin sensitivity. The 66VO/FO group showed a moderate return to the FO conditions. Therefore, FO replacement can affect the morphology and metabolism of gilthead sea bream adipocytes which could potentially affect other organs such as the liver.
AIM: The present study aimed to validate the Finnish Type 2 Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC) questionnaire for its ability to predict the presence of any glucose homoeostasis abnormalities and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the Greek population. METHODS: Validation was performed on a sample of individuals who had agreed to participate in a screening program for type 2 diabetes (T2D) prevention (the Greek part of the DE-PLAN study), using both FINDRISC and oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT). Impaired fasting glucose (IFG) was defined as a fasting plasma glucose level of 6.1-6.9 mmol/L, and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) as a 2-h plasma glucose of 7.8-11.0 mmol/L. The predictive value of the FINDRISC was cross-sectionally evaluated using the area under the receiver operating characteristic (AUROC) curve method. RESULTS: A total of 869 individuals (379 men, aged 56.2  10.8 years) were screened from the general population living in the city and suburbs of Athens. OGTT revealed the presence of unknown diabetes in 94 cases (10.8%), IFG in 85 (9.8%) and IGT in 109 (12.6%). The sensitivity of a FINDRISC score greater or equal to 15 (45% of the population) to predict unknown diabetes was 81.9% and its specificity was 59.7%. The AUROC curve for detecting unknown diabetes was 0.724 (95% CI: 0.677-0.770). For any dysglycaemia, the AUROC curve was 0.716 (0.680-0.752) while, for detection of the MetS, it was 0.733 (0.699-0.767). CONCLUSION: The FINDRISC questionnaire performed well as a screening tool for the cross-sectional detection of unknown diabetes, IFG, IGT and the MetS in the Greek population. 
BACKGROUND: The transfer of vitamin E across the placenta is limited, but no data exist on the concentrations of vitamin E metabolites carboxyethyl hydroxychromans (- and -CEHCs) in the fetal circulation. OBJECTIVE: We measured - and -CEHC concentrations in maternal and umbilical cord blood pairs and examined their relations to circulating vitamin E (- and -tocopherol) and maternal dietary vitamin E intake. DESIGN: Healthy, pregnant women were enrolled from Oregon Health and Science University's obstetric clinic (<22 wk gestation), and at least one fasting blood sample and a previous day's 24-h diet recall were collected during their pregnancy (n = 19). Umbilical cord blood samples were obtained at the time of delivery and were analyzed for - and -tocopherol, - and -CEHC, and total lipid concentrations. RESULTS: Mean (SD) concentrations of umbilical cord blood -CEHC (30.2  28.9 nmol/L) and -CEHC (104.5  61.3 nmol/L) were not significantly different from maternal concentrations (P = 0.07 and 0.08, respectively), but metabolite:tocopherol ratios were significantly higher in cord blood (P < 0.01 and 0.001, respectively). Maternal -tocopherol:total lipids ratios were correlated with cord blood -CEHCs (r = 0.67, P = 0.004), and higher vitamin E intakes were associated with higher cord blood -CEHC concentrations (r = 0.75, P < 0.003). CONCLUSION: Higher maternal intake of vitamin E during pregnancy may result in increased metabolite concentrations in the fetal circulation, suggesting increased maternal or fetal liver metabolism of vitamin E. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00632476. 
Lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) in men may be related to micronutrients involved in prevention of oxidative damage or cell growth and differentiation. We tested the hypothesis that carotenoid, vitamin A, and vitamin C intake were inversely associated with total LUTS, voiding, and storage symptoms. We conducted a cross-sectional multivariate analysis of 1466 men aged 30-79 y in the Boston Area Community Health survey (2002-2005), a population-based random sample survey. Data were collected by in-person interview and validated FFQ. Moderate-to-severe LUTS were defined using the American Urological Symptom Index and analyzed using multivariate logistic regression. Overall, men consuming greater dietary lycopene, -carotene, total carotenoid, or vitamin A had ~40-50% decreased odds of LUTS compared with the lowest intake quartiles (e.g. -carotene and storage symptoms, OR = 0.56, 95% CI = 0.39, 0.82; P-trend = 0.02). Interactions were observed between dietary iron and vitamin C or -cryptoxanthin, whereby inverse associations with LUTS, particularly voiding symptoms, occurred only among men with moderate-to-high iron intake (P-interaction = 0.001). High-dose supplemental and total vitamin C were positively associated with LUTS (e.g. supplemental vitamin C  250 mg/d, OR = 1.83, 95% CI = 1.21, 2.77; P-trend = 0.02). An interaction between -carotene and smoking status (P-interaction = 0.004) indicated greater odds of LUTS with higher -carotene intake among current smokers. Results suggest that modifying consumption of carotenoids and vitamin C may influence LUTS in men.
The triads method is applied in validation studies of dietary intake to evaluate the correlation between three measurements (food frequency questionnaire, reference method and biomarker) and the true intake using validity coefficients (). The main advantage of this technique is the inclusion of the biomarker, which presents independent errors compared with those of the traditional methods. The method assumes the linearity between the three measurements and the true intake and independence between the three measurement errors. Limitations of this technique include the occurrence of  > 1, known as "Heywood case", and the existence of negative correlations, which do not allow the calculation of . The objective of this review is to present the concept of the method, describe its application and examine the validation studies of dietary intake that use the triads method. We also conceptualize the "bootstrap" method, used to estimate the confidence intervals of the validity coefficients.
The aim of this study was to validate the intake of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables estimated by the Food Frequency Questionnaire for Adolescents (FFQA) using the method of triads. Blood samples were collected from 80 elementary school adolescents to assess serum levels of -carotene. Partial correlation coefficients (r) were calculated between an estimated intake of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables and the serum levels of -carotene. Validity coefficients were calculated using the method of triads. With the exception of carotenoids, partial r from the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) were greater than those of the 24-hour recall (24hR). The fruit/vegetable group showed the highest partial r for the FFQ (r = 0.235) and the 24hR (r = 0.137). The highest validity coefficient was obtained for the vegetable group, as assessed by the FFQ (r = 0.873). On average, the validity coefficient values for the FFQ were greater than those obtained for the 24hR or the -carotene serum levels. The FFQA is an accurate tool for estimating the intake of carotenoids, fruits and vegetables in this population group.
The independent effects of exercise and weight loss on markers of inflammation (MOI) in obese individuals have not been clearly characterized. The objectives of this study were to: (i) identify the independent effects of exercise and weight loss on MOI and (ii) determine whether changes in MOI were associated with changes in fat distribution. Subjects were 126 healthy, premenopausal women, BMI 27-30kg/m(2). They were randomized to one of three groups: diet only, diet + aerobic-, or diet + resistance training until a BMI <25kg/m(2) was achieved. Fat distribution was measured with computed tomography, and body composition with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Serum concentrations of tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-, soluble TNF receptor 1 (sTNF-R1), soluble TNF receptor 2 (sTNF-R2), C-reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin (IL)-6 were assessed. Results of repeated-measures ANOVA indicated a significant effect of time on MOI, such that MOI decreased with weight loss. Results of mixed-model analysis indicated that adjusting for intra-abdominal adipose tissue (IAAT) and total fat mass explained the decreases in TNF- and sTNF-R1, whereas only total fat mass explained the decreases in sTNF-R2, IL-6, and CRP. In conclusion, weight loss was associated with decreases in MOI. The effect of weight loss appeared to be mediated by changes in total fat mass or IAAT. Addition of exercise did not alter the response, suggesting that weight loss has a more profound impact for reducing MOI in overweight women than exercise.
The role of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in psychiatric illness is a topic of public health importance. This report describes development and biomarker validation of a 21-item, self-report food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) intended for use in psychiatric research to assess intake of -linolenic acid (18:3n-3 [ALA]), docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3 [DHA]), and eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3 [EPA]). In a cross-sectional study conducted from September 2006 to September 2008, sixty-one ethnically diverse adult participants with (n=34) and without (n=27) major depressive disorder completed this n-3 PUFA FFQ and provided a plasma sample. Plasma levels of n-3 PUFAs EPA and DHA, and n-6 PUFA arachidonic acid (20:4n-6 [AA]) were quantified by gas chromatography. Using Spearman's , FFQ-estimated intake correlated with plasma levels of DHA (r=0.50; P<0.0001) and EPA (r=0.38; P=0.002), but not with ALA levels (r=0.22; P=0.086). Participants were classified into quartiles by FFQ-estimated intake and plasma PUFA concentrations. Efficacy of the FFQ to rank individuals into same or adjacent plasma quartiles was 83% for DHA, 78.1% for EPA, and 70.6% for ALA; misclassification into extreme quartiles was 4.9% for DHA, 6.5% for EPA, and 8.2% for ALA. FFQ-estimated EPA intake and plasma EPA were superior to plasma AA levels as predictors of the plasma AA to EPA ratio. This brief FFQ can provide researchers and clinicians with valuable information concerning dietary intake of DHA and EPA.
BACKGROUND: Twenty-four-hour urine collections are considered the optimal method for sodium intake assessment. Whether a diagnosis of heart failure (HF) or the use of loop diuretic (LD) therapy for HF compromises the validity of 24-h urine collections as a surrogate marker for sodium intake is unknown. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine the strength of association between 24-h urine collections and food records for sodium intake assessment in non-HF cardiac patients and in HF patients stratified by LD usage. DESIGN: Food records and 24-h urine collections were simultaneously completed for 2 consecutive days. Correlation coefficients and the Bland-Altman method of agreement described the relation between the techniques. RESULTS: Non-HF cardiac patients (n = 96; mean  SD age: 65  11 y), HF patients who were not taking an LD (n = 47; 62  11 y), and HF patients who were taking an LD (n = 62; age: 60  12 y) were included. Correlation coefficients for sodium intake between food records and urine collections were r = 0.624 (P < 0.001) for non-HF cardiac patients and r = 0.678 (P < 0.001) for HF patients who were not taking an LD. However, no significant association (r = 0.132, P = 0.312) was observed for HF patients who were taking LDs. The 95% limits of agreement between the non-HF cardiac patients and the HF patients who were not taking LDs were similar but were 50% wider for HF patients who were taking LDs. CONCLUSIONS: For the assessment of sodium intake, food records agree well with 24-h urine collections in non-HF patients with cardiovascular disease and in HF patients who are not receiving LD but not for HF patients who are taking LDs. Therefore, food records may provide a better estimate of sodium intake in HF patients who are receiving LD therapy. 
OBJECTIVE: Advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) are proposed to influence inflammatory pathways and cardiovascular risk in chronic kidney disease (CKD). Dietary AGEs are believed to sustain circulating levels and toxicity in this condition. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: We investigated this aspect in a cross-sectional pilot study measuring levels of the AGE marker carboxymethyl lysine (CML) and fluorescent AGEs in the blood of pre-dialysis patients with CKD and hemodialysis (HD) patients (n = 10 each), and in a group of matched healthy controls (Ctr). METHODS: Plasma CML was measured by immuno-dot blot and fluorescent AGEs were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis measuring the fluorescence of the cross-link pentosidine. The dietary intake of CML was assessed by dietary recall to trace total AGE intake in patients with CKD and the Ctr group. All the subjects included in the study were assessed for dietary intake while maintaining their usual diet. Main exclusion criteria for patients with CKD and HD were severe protein-caloric malnutrition and inflammation (measured by high sensitivity C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 levels). RESULTS: Plasma CML, as well as free and protein-bound fluorescent AGEs, significantly increased in CKD and even more in HD patients than that of the Ctr group. In patients with CKD, the average dietary intake of CML was less than half than that of the Ctr group (6 vs. 13 MU/day) and the lowered protein intake adopted spontaneously by these patients appear to explain this finding. CONCLUSIONS: The results show that the intake of CML does not affect circulating levels of this as well as of other AGEs, in well nourished predialysis CKD patients. 
BACKGROUND: Nutritional epidemiology cohort studies primarily use food frequency questionnaires (FFQs). In part because FFQs are more reliable for nutrient densities than for absolute nutrient consumption, reports from association studies typically present only nutrient density measures in relation to disease risk. METHODS: We used objective biomarkers to correct FFQ assessments for measurement error, and examined absolute energy and protein consumption in relation to cardiovascular disease incidence. FFQs and subsequent physician-adjudicated cardiovascular disease incidence were assessed for 80,370 postmenopausal women in the age range 50-79 years at enrollment in the comparison group of the Dietary Modification Trial or the prospective Observational Study in the Women's Health Initiative. Urinary recovery biomarkers of energy and protein were obtained from a subsample of 544 women, with concurrent FFQ information. RESULTS: After biomarker correction, energy consumption was positively associated with coronary heart disease incidence (hazard ratio = 1.18; 95% confidence interval = 1.04-1.33, for 20% consumption increment) and protein density was inversely associated (0.85 [0.75-0.97]). The positive energy association appeared to be mediated by body fat accumulation. Ischemic stroke incidence was inversely associated with energy and protein consumption, but not with protein density. CONCLUSIONS: A positive association between energy and coronary heart disease risk can be attributed to body mass accumulation. Ischemic stroke risk is inversely associated with energy and protein consumption, possibly due to correlations between consumption and physical activity. 
INTRODUCTION: With adolescent health a priority on the WHO agenda, research into the diet, weight status and metabolic profile of adolescents is indicated. The present study aimed to assess the diet and metabolic parameters of a rural sample of adolescents. METHODS: One hundred adolescents (17 years of age) were recruited from schools in Nea Madytos, Thessaloniki, Greece. Two previous-day food recalls were collected for each participant, and weight, height, waist circumference, serum lipids and fasting glucose levels were measured. The prevalence of underweight/overweight, central obesity, dyslipidemia and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) were calculated. RESULTS: Overweight was present in half the boys (51.2%) and one-fifth of the girls (21.3%). In the total sample 7.1% were underweight and another 7.1% were diagnosed with central obesity. Boys had an increased risk of abdominal obesity (OR:1.405, CI:0.7-2.8), IFG (OR:1.200, CI:0.3-4.9) and elevated triglycerides (OR:1.514, CI:1.0-2.4) and serum cholesterol levels (OR:1.806, CI:1.1-3.1). Central obesity increased the chances of IFG (OR:8.000, CI:1.6-39.1) and doubled the prevalence of dyslipidemia (OR:2.190, CI:0.5-9.1). Under-reporting of energy was found among overweight participants and was further verified by an inverse relationship between BMI and the ratio of energy intake to energy expenditure. Adolescents identified a dietary pattern high in fats in lieu of protein. CONCLUSIONS: Irrespectively of their weight status, teenagers consume a high fat diet; therefore, dietary counseling, as a means of preventive medicine, should be applied to all weight categories. In addition, the prevalence of obesity in a rural sample of adolescents appears to be higher compared with the whole of Greece. 
AIM: To develop and evaluate the validity and reliability of The Personal Diabetes Questionnaire (PDQ), a brief, yet comprehensive measure of diabetes self-care behaviors, perceptions and barriers. To examine individual items to provide descriptive and normative information and provide data on scale reliability and associations between PDQ scales and concurrently assessed HBA(1c) and BMI. METHOD: Items were written to address nutritional management, medication utilization, blood glucose monitoring, and physical activity. The initial instrument was reviewed by multidisciplinary diabetes care providers and items subsequently revised until the measure provided complete coverage of the diabetes care domains using as few items as possible. The scoring scheme was generated rationally. Subjects were 790 adults (205 with type 1 and 585 with type 2 diabetes) who completed the PDQ while waiting for clinic appointments. RESULTS: Item completion rates were high, with few items skipped by participants. Subscales demonstrated good internal consistency (Cronbach =.650-.834) and demonstrated significant associations with BMI (p .001) and HbA(1c) (p .001). CONCLUSIONS: The PDQ is a useful measure of diabetes self-care behaviors and related perceptions and barriers that is reliable and valid and feasible to administer in a clinic setting. This measure may be used to obtain data for assessing diabetes self-management and barriers and to guide patient care. 
The authors question dietary recommendations for the general public calling for reduced cholesterol intake. Metabolic studies have shown that dietary cholesterol normally induces only small increases in blood cholesterol level. There is evidence that only a portion of the population responds to a change in cholesterol intake; hence lowering dietary cholesterol will be effective for only some.
BACKGROUND: Obesity became major health problem in the world, the objective of this work was to examine the effect of high sucrose and high fat diet to induce obesity on antioxidant defense system, biochemical changes in blood and tissue of control, non treated and treated groups by administration of Garcinia cambogia, and explore the mechanisms that link obesity with altered renal function. METHODS: Rats were fed a standard control diet for 12 week (wk) or a diet containing 65% high sucrose (HSD) or 35% fat (HFD) for 8 wk and then HFD group divided into two groups for the following 4 wks. One group was given Garcinia+HFD, the second only high fat, Also the HSD divided into two groups, 1st HSD+Garcinia and 2nd HSD. Blood and renal, mesenteric, Perirenal and epididymal adipose tissues were collected for biochemical assays. RESULTS: HFD and HSD groups of rats showed a significant increase in feed intake, Body weight (BW) and body mass index (BMI). Also there were significant increases in weights of mesenteric, Perirenal and epididymal adipose tissues in HFD and HSD groups.HFD and HSD affect the kidney by increasing serum urea and creatinine levels and decreased level of nitric oxide (NO) and increased blood glucose, low density lipoproteins (LDL), triacylglycerol (TG), total cholesterol (TC) and malondialdehyde (MDA). Glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) activities were significantly decreased in HFD while there were significant increases in HSD and HSD+G groups p  0.05 compared with control. Moreover, renal catalase activities and MDA levels were significantly increased while NO level was lowered. These changes improved by Garcinia that decreased the oxidative stress biomarkers and increased NO level.There were significant positive correlations among BMI, kidney functions (Creatinine and urea), TG and Oxidative markers (renal MDA and catalase). CONCLUSIONS: Rats fed a diet with HFD or HSD showed, hypertriglyceridemia, increased LDL production, increased oxidative stress and renal alteration. Moreover, suggesting association between lipid peroxidation, obesity and nephropathy, while Garcinia ameliorated the damaging effects of the HFD or HSD and decreased feed intake, MDA level and decreased oxidative stress in renal tissues. 
INTRODUCTION: The EORTC Quality of Life (QL) Group has developed a questionnaire -the EORTC QLQ-CR29- for evaluating QL in colorectal cancer. The aim of this study is to assess the psychometric properties of the EORTC QLQCR29 when applied to a sample of Spanish patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Eighty-four locally advanced rectal cancer patients in the treatment follow-up period after receiving surgery and neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy were included in the study. Seventy subjects also had adjuvant chemotherapy. Patients completed both the EORTC QLQC30 and the QLQ-CR29 once. The psychometric evaluation of the questionnaire's structure, reliability, and convergent, divergent and known-groups validity was performed. RESULTS: Multitrait scaling analysis showed that three of the multi-item scales met the standards of convergent and discriminant validity. These same scales reached the 0.7 Cronbach's coefficient criterion or were close to it. In both analyses exceptions were observed in the blood and mucus in stool scale. Correlations between the scales of the QLQC30 and the module were low (r<0.02) in most cases. A few areas with more related content had higher correlations (r<0.05). Group comparison analyses showed differences in QL between groups of patients based on age, comorbidity, performance status, receipt of adjuvant chemotherapy and surgery modality. CONCLUSIONS: The EORTC QLQ-CR29 is a reliable and valid instrument when applied to a sample of Spanish rectal cancer patients. These results are in line with those of the EORTC validation study. 
OBJECTIVE: This study examined the association of plasma DHA, dietary DHA, and fish intake with dementia and Alzheimer's Disease (AD) in older adults. DESIGN: Case-cohort study. SETTING: Clinic visit in 1991-93. PARTICIPANTS: 266 community dwelling men and women aged 67-100 years (mean=80.2). MEASUREMENTS: Participants had neurological and neuropsychological evaluations for dementia in 1991-93. Plasma DHA was measured in blood samples obtained at that visit. Dietary intakes of DHA and fish were obtained from an earlier (1988-91) visit. Three DHA exposure variables were used in separate analyses; plasma DHA, dietary DHA, and consumption of cold-water fish. All-cause dementia included AD and other types of possible or probable dementia. RESULTS: Among these 266 participants, 42 had dementia and 30 had possible or probable AD. Plasma DHA in the highest tertile was associated with a 65% reduced odds of all-cause dementia (95% CI: 0.17, 0.92) and a 60% reduced odds of AD (95% CI: 0.15, 1.10). Dietary DHA in the highest tertile was associated with a 73% reduced odds of all-cause dementia (95% CI: 0.09, 0.79) and a 72% reduced odds of AD (95% CI: 0.09, 0.93). Fish intake had similar, though not significant, reduced odds of dementia (OR = 0.51; 95% CI: 0.20, 1.32) and AD (OR = 0.55; 95% CI: 0.20, 1.48). CONCLUSIONS: Plasma and dietary DHA appear to protect against dementia. Increasing DHA intake from marine sources may be recommended for reducing dementia risk. 
Although methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) genetic variants are associated with plasma homocysteine (Hcy) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), little is known whether dietary fatty acid intake modulates these associations. The goal was to examine the interaction of MTHFR variants with dietary fatty acids influencing plasma Hcy in 995 Boston Puerto Rican adults. We found that plasma Hcy concentration was negatively correlated with (n-3) PUFA intake (r = -0.117; P = 0.022), and the ratio of (n-3):(n-6) PUFA in the diet (r = -0.122; P = 0.009). Further, 2 functional MTHFR variants, 1298A>C and 677C>T, which are not in linkage disequilibrium in this population, were significantly associated with hypertension (OR = 1.72, P = 0.024, and OR = 1.60, P = 0.002, respectively). In addition, the 1298A>C variant was significantly associated with CVD (OR = 3.32; P = 0.030). Importantly, this variant exhibited significant interactions with intakes of total and (n-6) PUFA and the (n-3):(n-6) PUFA ratio of the diet. The plasma Hcy concentration of carriers of risk allele 1298C was greater than that of noncarriers only when participants had consumed a high-PUFA diet (>7.8% energy) but was not greater when they had low intake of PUFA (7.8% energy). In addition, participants with combined genotypes of both SNP (677 TT with 1298 AC or CC) who consumed high levels of (n-3) PUFA (>0.66% energy) had lower plasma Hcy compared with those who had the same genotype and consumed low levels of (n-3) PUFA (0.66% energy). Our study suggests that dietary PUFA intake modulates the effect of 2 MTHFR variants on plasma Hcy in Boston Puerto Rican adults.
The aim of the present study was to validate the intakes of fruit, juice and vegetables from an FFQ. In sub-study I (n 147), intakes from the FFQ were evaluated against 7 d weighed food records (WR) and plasma carotenoid concentrations, whereas in sub-study II (n 85), the intakes were evaluated against plasma carotenoid concentrations and amounts of flavonoids in 24 h urine samples. Relative validity was evaluated by comparing median intakes, estimating correlation coefficients and validity coefficients using the method of triads. In sub-study I, we observed no significant difference in daily median fruit intake between the FFQ and the WR, whereas the intake of vegetables was higher from the FFQ than from the WR. The correlations between intakes from the FFQ and the WR ranged from 031 to 058. In sub-study II, the intakes of fruit and vegetables correlated significantly with plasma carotenoid concentrations and urinary flavonoids. The validity coefficients for the intakes of fruit and vegetables from the FFQ ranged from 061 to 088 in sub-study I and from 060 to 094 in sub-study II. In summary, based on the associations observed between intakes from the FFQ and the biomarkers and the FFQ validity coefficients, the FFQ was found valid and suitable for ranking individuals according to their usual intake of fruit, juice and vegetables.
BACKGROUND: Most dietary pattern analyses in southern Europe have relied on a priori food approaches using Mediterranean-style diet indexes. These methods may not reflect the current population's food consumption. OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of a posteriori dietary patterns with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and cardiovascular risk markers in the general adult population of Porto, Portugal. DESIGN: A population-based case-control study was conducted. Information was collected by trained interviewers. Diet was assessed with a validated 82-item food frequency questionnaire. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Cases were patients consecutively hospitalized for an incident non-fatal AMI (n=820), and controls were individuals free of previous AMI selected from the hospitals' catchment area (n=2,196). STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Dietary patterns, representing mutually exclusive clusters of individuals, were identified by multivariate finite mixture models among controls. Odds ratios (OR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were obtained from unconditional logistic regression, with adjustment for main confounders. RESULTS: In comparison to women with a "healthy" dietary pattern, those with a "low fruit and vegetables" pattern and a "red meat and alcohol" (also characterized by lower intake of dairy products and vegetables) pattern showed a higher risk of AMI (OR 1.85, 95% CI 1.01 to 3.39 and OR 1.91, 95% CI 1.17 to 3.12, respectively). Female controls with the "red meat and alcohol" pattern also had a higher total to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio. In comparison to men with a "healthy" pattern, those with the "red meat and alcohol" pattern, similar to the counterpart found in women, were more likely to experience an AMI (OR 1.98, 95% CI 1.35 to 2.92); male controls with this pattern had higher diastolic and systolic blood pressure, C-reactive protein, and uric acid levels. CONCLUSIONS: A dietary pattern with lower fruit and vegetable intakes in women, and a pattern characterized by higher consumption of red meat and alcohol (and lower of dairy products and vegetables) in both sexes, were associated with an increased risk of AMI and adverse cardiovascular risk profiles. These findings highlight the importance of sustained recommendations for fruit and vegetable intake and cautious guidance on consumption of alcoholic beverages, which clusters with less healthy dietary patterns of men and women. 
PURPOSE: To validate a new T(2) -prepared method for the quantification of regional myocardial O(2) consumption during pharmacologic stress with positron emission tomography (PET). MATERIALS AND METHODS: A T(2) prepared gradient-echo sequence was modified to measure myocardial T(2) within a single breath-hold. Six beagle dogs were randomly selected for the induction of coronary artery stenosis. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) experiments were performed with the T(2) imaging and first-pass perfusion imaging at rest and during either dobutamine- or dipyridamole-induced hyperemia. Myocardial blood flow (MBF) was quantified using a previously developed model-free algorithm. Hyperemic myocardial O(2) extraction fraction (OEF) and consumption (MVO(2) ) were calculated using a two-compartment model developed previously. PET imaging using (11) C-acetate and (15) O-water was performed in the same day to validate OEF, MBF, and MVO(2) measurements. RESULTS: The T(2) -prepared mapping sequence measured regional myocardial T(2) with a repeatability of 2.3%. By myocardial segment-basis analysis, MBF measured by MRI is closely correlated with that measured by PET (R(2) = 0.85, n = 22). Similar correlation coefficients were observed for hyperemic OEF (R(2) = 0.90, n = 9, mean difference of PET - MRI = -2.4%) and MVO(2) (R(2) = 0.83, n = 7, mean difference = 4.2%). CONCLUSION: The T(2) -prepared imaging method may allow quantitative estimation of regional myocardial oxygenation with relatively good accuracy. The precision of the method remains to be improved. 
The creatinine correction approach has been used to estimate daily intake for contaminants whose primary route of elimination is through urine. This method is challenged using the phthalate di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) as an example. An alternate prediction approach based on human experimental metabolism and urinary excretion data on DEHP was developed. This alternate model was developed from urine measurements of four metabolites of DEHP from two individuals partaking in different experiments, for up to 44 h after known exposures. Particular attention was paid to the changing ratios of the metabolites over time: they took a certain form when exposure was in the "near" (the past few hours) versus the "distant" (24 h or more) past. The creatinine correction approach was applied to measurements of the same four metabolites from 18 individuals in the National Health And Nutrition Evaluation Survey (NHANES) 2003/2004. The alternate model was also applied to these individuals, and the results were compared. Predictions using the two methods were similar or the creatinine correction predicted higher concentrations when the ratio suggested that the DEHP exposure was "near" in time, but the alternate approach predicted intakes that were an order of magnitude higher when the ratios suggested that the intake was "distant". As much as 25% of all NHANES measurements contain metabolites whose key ratio suggest that exposure was "distant". Uncertainties notwithstanding, the analysis in this article suggests that the creatinine correction approach should be used cautiously for DEHP and possibly other contaminants with similar exposure characteristics: rapid metabolism with metabolite urine elimination half-lives on the order of hours, and exposure patterns that may not be continuous and ongoing.
OBJECTIVE: To psychometrically evaluate the Swedish translations of the short forms of the Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7), Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire (PISQ-12). DESIGN AND SETTING: Cross-sectional design, University hospital. SAMPLE: Forty-four patients awaiting prolapse surgery. METHODS: The dual-panel translation method followed by an evaluation of validity and reliability in prolapse patients. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Construct, convergent and discriminant validity, reliability via test-retest and internal consistency. RESULTS: Item response rates were high (range 95.5-100%) for PFIQ-7 and PFDI-20. The corrected item-total correlations showed acceptable construct validity for PFIQ-7 (r=0.338-0.826) but low for PFDI-20 (r=0.116-0.581) and PISQ-12 (r=0.024-0.735). Acceptable convergent validity was found in all three instruments, with a negative correlation with the SF-12. There were no floor or ceiling effects in the three instruments. In the test-retest analysis, intraclass correlation coefficients were significant (r=0.888-0.943). Cronbach's  varied between 0.57 and 0.94. CONCLUSION: This is the first validated translation of the PFIQ-7, PFDI-20 and PISQ-12 in Swedish. All three instruments indicated acceptable psychometric properties. 
BACKGROUND: Licorice flavonoid oil (LFO) has been reported to minimize visceral adipose tissue gain in obese mice and to result in a decrease in body weight and body fat in humans; the effects of which may be more pronounced when administered in an overfed state. METHODS: We investigated the effects of LFO in two separate studies. Study 1 included a sample of overweight or grade I-II obese men and women (N = 22) who followed their usual dietary and physical activity programs. Study 2 included a sample of athletic men who followed their usual dietary and physical activity programs but consumed a daily supplemental meal (25% above daily energy requirements) in an attempt to induce a state of overfeeding. In both studies, subjects were randomly assigned (double-blind) to either LFO or a placebo for eight weeks, and anthropometric and multiple biochemical outcomes (e.g., markers of oxidative stress, markers of insulin sensitivity, blood lipids, etc.) were obtained before and following the intervention. RESULTS: No differences of statistical significance were noted between LFO and placebo for any measured variable in Study 1 or Study 2. When investigating the percent change from baseline for data in Study 2, although not of statistical significance, subjects in the LFO condition experienced less overall fat gain, as well as attenuation in the elevation in selected blood lipids (e.g., cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglycerides). CONCLUSION: These combined data indicate little effect of LFO supplementation within a sample of overweight/obese men and women or athletic men, with the possible exception of attenuation in body fat gain and selected components of the blood lipid panel in response to an overfeeding condition. 
A cross-sectional study was designed to investigate the association between current consumption of a series of 26 common antioxidant-rich foods (ARF) with serum total antioxidant status (TAS) and plasma vitamin C and E levels in community-dwelling older adults. A convenience sample of the first 94 non-smoking Caucasian men (54%) and women (46%) enrolled in the Quebec Longitudinal Study NuAge were selected. The "Functional Foods Consumption Frequency Questionnaire" (FFCFQ) was administered at recruitment (T1) to ascertain patterns of consumption of ARF over the lifetime. The total Oxygen Radical Antioxidant Capacity (ORAC) of 25 ARF reported by subjects was estimated using published values. Serum TAS was determined based on the Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity (TEAC) assay while plasma vitamins C and E (- and -tocopherol) levels were analyzed by HPLC. The numbers of ARF eaten daily at T1, estimated from the FFCFQ and calculated from the diet recalls, were significantly correlated (r=0.51, P<0.0001) and each measure was associated with total ORAC content (r=0.34, P<0.001 and r=0.59, P<0.0001 for FFCFQ and recalls, respectively). No significant association was found between TAS and the total ORAC value of ARF determined from the quantitative 24-h diet recalls. However, daily ARF consumption at T1 obtained from the FFCFQ was significantly and positively correlated with TAS (r=0.26, P<0.05) and circulating levels of vitamin C (r=0.25, P<0.02) and -tocopherol (r=0.22, p<0.05) and negatively correlated with plasma -tocopherol (r=-0.25, P<0.025). These results highlight associations between ARF consumption and circulating levels of antioxidants in the elderly and suggest benefits from antioxidant-rich foods during aging.
Flavonoids show antiinflammatory effects in vitro and human intervention studies have suggested beneficial effects of flavonoid-rich foods on biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial function. In the present study, we assessed the relationship between flavonoid intake and biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in a cross-sectional study of participants from the Nurses' Health Study cohort. Intake of 6 flavonoid subclasses (flavonols, flavones, flavanones, flavan-3-ols, anthocyanidins, and polymeric flavonoids) was assessed using a FFQ administered in 1990. Also, the main food sources of these flavonoids were examined. Blood samples were collected in 1989-1990 and plasma C-reactive protein (CRP), IL-6, IL-18, soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor-2 (sTNF-R2), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1, soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), and E-selectin were measured in 1194-1598 women. The multivariate-adjusted geometric mean of plasma IL-8 were lower for women in the highest intake quintile of flavones, flavanones, and total flavonoids compared with those in the lowest quintiles by 9% (Q1: 264 ng/L, Q5: 241 ng/L; P-trend = 0.019), 11% (Q1: 273 ng/L, Q5: 244 ng/L; P-trend = 0.011), and 8% (Q1: 276 ng/L, Q5: 55 ng/L; P-trend = 0.034), respectively. The multivariate-adjusted geometric mean for women in the highest intake quintile of flavonol compared with those in the lowest quintile was 4% lower for sVCAM-1 (Q1: 578 g/L, Q5: 557 g/L; P-trend = 0.012). Among flavonoid-rich foods, higher intake of grapefruit was significantly associated with lower concentrations of CRP and sTNF-R2. In summary, higher intakes of selected flavonoid subclasses were associated with modestly lower concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers. In particular, flavonoids typically found in citrus fruits were modestly associated with lower plasma IL-18 concentrations.
BACKGROUND: Dietary pattern may influence the risks of cardiovascular disease, atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, and metabolic syndrome through its effects on inflammation. We evaluated the association between dietary pattern and serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in a Japanese population. METHODS: In this cross-sectional analysis, we used baseline data from 3905 men and 5640 women (age 40-69 years) who participated in a population-based cohort study between November 2005 and December 2007. Participants with possible inflammation-related diseases, current analgesic use, high hs-CRP levels (3000 ng/mL) or extreme dietary energy intake were excluded. We used 46 items from a validated short food frequency questionnaire and examined major dietary patterns by factor analysis. RESULTS: We identified 5 dietary patterns: healthy (high in vegetables and fruit), Western (high in meat and fried foods), seafood (high in shellfish, squid, fish, etc.), bread (high in bread and low in rice), and dessert (high in confections and fruit). After adjustment for age, alcohol use, smoking, physical activity, and body mass index, hs-CRP levels in men were inversely associated with the healthy, bread, and dessert patterns (P-trend: 0.01, 0.06, and <0.01, respectively) and positively associated with the seafood pattern (P-trend = 0.02). In women, hs-CRP levels were inversely associated with the healthy pattern (P-trend = 0.06) and positively associated with the Western pattern (P-trend = 0.06). CONCLUSIONS: The healthy dietary pattern may be associated with suppressed inflammation in Japanese men and women, independently of body mass index and other factors. The sex-specific associations of hs-CRP with other dietary patterns (eg, the seafood pattern) require further study. 
INTRODUCTION: Concentrations of 1,25-hydroxyvitamin D have been positively associated with dietary sodium and salt sensitivity (SS) of blood pressure (BP), and inversely with plasma renin activity (PRA). We investigated the association between PRA and 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD), the most clinically relevant vitamin D metabolite, and whether 25OHD associates with SS of BP in renin phenotypes of hypertension. METHODS: We performed cross-sectional analyses on 223 Caucasian subjects with hypertension maintained in high and low dietary sodium balance. Subjects were distinguished as having low-renin (LR) or normal-renin (NR) hypertension. Multivariable linear regression was used to evaluate adjusted relationships. RESULTS: Increasing 25OHD concentrations were inversely associated with PRA (p < 0.05) on both salt diets. Furthermore, 25OHD was associated with SS of BP in LR hypertension (b = 0.62, p = 0.04), but not in NR hypertension (b = 0.06, p = 0.59). In an adjusted multivariable interaction model, renin status (LR vs. NR) was a significant effect modifier of the relationship between 25OHD and SS of BP (p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that 25OHD is inversely associated with PRA and positively associated with SS of BP in LR hypertension subjects. These results extend and support prior evidence indicating an interaction between dietary sodium, the RAS, and vitamin D that influences BP in hypertension. 
To begin to understand the contributions of maternal obesity and over-nutrition to human development and the early origins of obesity, we utilized a non-human primate model to investigate the effects of maternal high-fat feeding and obesity on breast milk, maternal and fetal plasma fatty acid composition and fetal hepatic development. While the high-fat diet (HFD) contained equivalent levels of n-3 fatty acids (FA's) and higher levels of n-6 FA's than the control diet (CTR), we found significant decreases in docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and total n-3 FA's in HFD maternal and fetal plasma. Furthermore, the HFD fetal plasma n-6:n-3 ratio was elevated and was significantly correlated to the maternal plasma n-6:n-3 ratio and maternal hyperinsulinemia. Hepatic apoptosis was also increased in the HFD fetal liver. Switching HFD females to a CTR diet during a subsequent pregnancy normalized fetal DHA, n-3 FA's and fetal hepatic apoptosis to CTR levels. Breast milk from HFD dams contained lower levels of eicosopentanoic acid (EPA) and DHA and lower levels of total protein than CTR breast milk. This study links chronic maternal consumption of a HFD with fetal hepatic apoptosis and suggests that a potentially pathological maternal fatty acid milieu is replicated in the developing fetal circulation in the nonhuman primate.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Lycopene is a carotenoid commonly found in tomatoes and tomato products which acts as an antioxidant to decrease oxidative stress and osteoporosis risk. We wanted to determine the effects of a lycopene-restricted diet on oxidative stress parameters and bone turnover markers in postmenopausal women. SETTING: St. Michael 's Hospital, Toronto, ON, Canada. PARTICIPANTS AND STUDY DESIGN: 23 healthy postmenopausal women, 50-60 years old, provided blood samples at baseline and following a one-month lycopene-depletion period. MEASUREMENTS: Serum samples were analyzed for carotenoids; the oxidative stress parameters protein thiols and thiobarbituric-malondialdehyde reactive substances; the antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), and glutathione peroxidase (GPx), and the bone turnover markers bone alkaline phosphatase and crosslinked N-telopeptide of type I collagen (NTx). A paired t-test was used to test for significant differences in bone turnover markers, oxidative stress parameters and antioxidant status after lycopene restriction. RESULTS: Dietary lycopene restriction resulted in significantly decreased serum lycopene (p < 0.0001), lutein/zeaxanthin (p < 0.01), and  -/ -carotene (p < 0.05). GPx (p < 0.01), lipid and protein oxidation increased (not significant), while CAT and SOD were significantly depressed (p < 0.05 and p < 0.005, respectively). These changes coincided with significantly increased NTx (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that the daily consumption of lycopene may be important as it acts as an antioxidant to decrease bone resorption in postmenopausal women and may therefore be beneficial in reducing the risk of osteoporosis. 
OBJECTIVES: The insulin-mimetic adipocytokine visfatin has been related to obesity. The aim of this study was to examine whether weight loss could change visfatin concentrations in morbidly obese patients and its relationship with insulin resistance. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This was an interventional study analyzing a population of 41 morbidly obese patients. A biochemical analysis was realized before and after 2 months on a hypocaloric diet. RESULTS: After weight loss (average 4.41%), BMI, weight, fat mass, fat free mass, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, serum glucose, total cholesterol, insulin and HOMA decreased. The serum concentrations of visfatin did not decrease (43.5 + 30.8 vs. 47.1 + 38.1 ng/ml). In the multivariate analysis visfatin concentrations as a dependent variable, only C reactive protein remained as an independent predictor in the model before diet, with an increase of 1.82 ng/ml (CI 95%: 0.02 - 3.61) basal visfatin concentrations with each increase of 1 mg/dl of CRP. Only HOMA remained as an independent predictor in the model after diet, with an increase of 11.4 ng/ml (CI 95%: 1.76 - 21.11) posttreatment visfatin concentrations with each increase of 1 unit HOMA. CONCLUSION: Weight reduction after a 2 months on a hypocaloric diet is not associated with a significant change in circulating visfatin in morbidly obese patients. 
BACKGROUND: The predictive ability of dietary assessment methods to estimate specific circulating plasma carotenoid concentrations has been compared between African Americans and whites in only one study to date. OBJECTIVE: The predictive abilities of 24-h dietary recalls and a food-frequency questionnaire in reporting dietary carotenoids when measured against concentration biomarkers were assessed in African Americans and compared with the findings in whites. DESIGN: Data were collected from 250 generally healthy, nonsmoking white and African American participants aged 21-69 y, who completed 8 self-administered online 24-h dietary recalls and one National Cancer Institute diet-history questionnaire in the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) Energetics Study. Mean intakes from 4-d dietary recalls were correlated with plasma xanthophyll concentrations (lutein + zeaxanthin and -cryptoxanthin) and hydrocarbon carotenoids (lycopene, -carotene, and -carotene). RESULTS: Adjusted correlations of plasma carotenoids with reported dietary intakes for African Americans in the 24-h dietary recall ranged from 0.03 for -carotene to 0.40 for -cryptoxanthin. For whites, the correlations ranged from 0.13 for lycopene to 0.51 for -cryptoxanthin. CONCLUSIONS: Despite stronger validity in reported energy intakes for African Americans than for whites in the 24-h dietary recall in the Energetics Study, both recalls and food-frequency dietary assessment methods yielded lower correlations in African Americans than in whites. This finding might be attributable to reporting differences in both dietary sources and food preparation or to racially related genetic variants influencing circulating concentrations. The current findings support the need to account for differences in race, age, sex, and body mass index in regression calibrations of dietary reports and measurement error adjustments. 
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to test whether "Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents" have beneficial effects on anthropometric and metabolic variables, adipokines and inflammatory markers in metabolic syndrome patients. METHODS AND PROCEDURES: A multi-stage sampling method was applied to select metabolic syndrome patients in two districts of Shanghai. Two hundred and seventy-two metabolic syndrome patients were divided into control and intervention groups according to their district. Nutrition education guided by "Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents" was performed in the intervention group for one year. RESULTS: Nutrition-related knowledge, attitudes and behavior were improved in the intervention group. Potassium intake and food to total energy ratio for grain, vegetable and fruit increased while sodium intake as well as fat to total energy ratio decreased in the intervention group compared to the control group (p<0.05). Correspondently, the intervention group significantly improved its waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, adiponectin, leptin and tumor necrosis factor- compared to the control group (p<0.05). Waist circumference changes from baseline to end of the study in the intervention and the control groups were -3.90.3 and -2.30.4 cm respectively. There was a significant difference between the two groups (p=0.004). Means of waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, leptin and tumor necrosis factor- were lower, and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol was higher in the intervention group than the control group (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: This study confirmed "Dietary Guidelines for Chinese Residents" had beneficial effects on anthropometric, lipids, adipokines and inflammatory markers in metabolic syndrome patients. 
A 28-item simplified food frequency questionnaire (SFFQ) combined with 9 open questions about basic commodities was designed for the Elderly Nutrient and Health Survey in Taiwan (NAHSIT) to collect participants' usual intake of the previous month. We have examined the validity this SFFQ as assessed by multiple 24-hour dietary recall (n=81) and biomarkers (n=1473). All questionnaires were completed by face-to-face interview and fasting blood taken. Thirty seven males and 44 females were randomly selected from NAHSIT participants. Of these, 31 and 50 subjects completed 2 or 3 24-hour dietary recalls within one month, respectively. Mean daily intake frequencies for each food group were calculated from the SFFQ and 24-hr recalls, respectively. Spearman rank correlation coefficients between frequencies of food intake from the FFQ and dietary recalls ranged from 0.132 to 0.678 for men; 0.052 to 0.759 for women. For food weight, the trends were similar to frequency findings. For biomarkers, the most correlated were dairy intake frequency judged by vitamin B-2 and calcium intakes and by erythrocyte glutathione reductase (EGRAC) for B-2 functionality, where the correlation coefficients were, respectively, 0.533, 0.518 and -0.205 for men; 0.494, 0.475 and -0.174 for women; fish and fruit followed in overall validity. The SFFQ measured the food patterns of elderly NAHSIT elders with validity high for dairy and good for fish, and fruit intakes in both genders.
Background In 2007, ESAC (http://www.esac.ua.ac.be) published a set of 12 valid drug-specific quality indicators for outpatient antibiotic use in Europe. In this study, the authors aimed to develop evidence-based disease-specific quality indicators for outpatient antibiotic prescribing in Europe. Methods Two meetings were convened to produce a list of disease-specific quality indicators for outpatient antibiotic prescribing which conform to internationally agreed recommendations, building on a similar development of drug-specific quality indicators, and in collaboration with CHAMP and HAPPY AUDIT. 62 experts were asked to complete two scoring rounds of the proposed indicators on seven dimensions: their relevance to (1) reducing antimicrobial resistance, (2) patient health benefit, (3) cost-effectiveness, (4) policy makers, (5) individual prescribers, (6) their evidence base and (7) their range of acceptable use, using a scale ranging from 1 (=completely disagree) to 9 (=completely agree). Scores were judged according to the UCLA-RAND appropriateness method. Results For the six main indications for antibiotic prescribing (acute otitis media, acute upper-respiratory infection, acute/chronic sinusitis, acute tonsillitis, acute bronchitis/bronchiolitis, cystitis/other urinary infection) and for pneumonia, three quality indicators were proposed, the percentage prescribed (a) antibiotics; (b) recommended antibiotics; (c) quinolones. This set was scored by 40 experts from 25 countries. After one scoring round, all indicators were already rated as relevant on all dimensions, except one. Conclusion All proposed disease-specific quality indicators for outpatient antibiotic prescribing have face validity and are potentially applicable. They could be used to better describe antibiotic use and assess the quality of antibiotic prescribing patterns in ambulatory care.
OBJECTIVES: To examine the associations between food patterns constructed using cluster analysis and markers of systemic and vascular inflammation, and incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) after 13 years of follow-up. DESIGN: Population-based, prospective cohort study. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: Cluster analysis identified six food patterns from 43 food group variables among 4999 subjects, aged 45-68 years, who participated in the Malm Diet and Cancer cardiovascular programme between 1991 and 1994. Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A(2) (Lp-PLA(2) ), C-reactive protein concentration and white blood cell (WBC) count were measured using blood samples at baseline. Incidence of CVD (coronary events and ischaemic stroke) was monitored over 13 years of follow-up. RESULTS: The fibre-rich bread pattern was associated with favourable effects on WBC count in women, and the low-fat and high-fibre pattern with favourable effects on Lp-PLA(2) mass in women, and on Lp-PLA(2) activity in men. However, the milk fat and sweets and cakes patterns were both associated with adverse effects; the former on WBC count in women and on Lp-PLA(2) mass in men, and the latter on WBC count and Lp-PLA(2) mass in women. The milk fat and sweets and cakes patterns were associated with increased CVD risk in women. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study support the present Nordic dietary recommendations indicating that diets rich in high-fibre, low-fat and low-sugar foods are favourably associated with markers of inflammation and, potentially, with CVD risk. 
BACKGROUND: Whether lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), including voiding, storage, and urinary incontinence, are affected by dietary micronutrients is uncertain. OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that carotenoid, vitamin C, zinc, and calcium intakes are associated with LUTS and urinary incontinence in women. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: During an observational, cross-sectional, population-based epidemiologic study of 2060 women (30-79 yr of age) in the Boston Area Community Health (BACH) survey (2002-2005), data were collected by validated food frequency questionnaire and in-person interviews and analyzed using multivariate regression. MEASUREMENTS: LUTS, storage, and voiding symptoms were assessed using the American Urological Association Symptom Index (AUASI) and a validated severity index for urinary incontinence. RESULTS AND LIMITATIONS: Women who consumed high-dose vitamin C from diet and supplements were more likely to report storage symptoms, especially combined frequency and urgency ( 500 vs < 50mg/d; odds ratio [OR]: 3.42; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.44-8.12). However, greater consumption of dietary vitamin C or -cryptoxanthin was inversely associated with voiding symptoms (p(trend)  0.01). Both dietary and supplemental calcium were positively associated with storage symptoms (eg, supplement  1000 mg/d vs none; OR: 2.04; 95% CI, 1.35-3.09; p(trend)=0.0002). No consistent associations were observed for -carotene, lycopene, or other carotenoids, although smokers using -carotene supplements were more likely to report storage problems. Whether the observed associations represent direct causes of diet on LUTS is uncertain. CONCLUSIONS: High-dose intakes of vitamin C and calcium were positively associated with urinary storage or incontinence, whereas vitamin C and -cryptoxanthin from foods and beverages were inversely associated with voiding symptoms. Results indicate that micronutrient intakes may contribute to LUTS in dose-dependent and symptom-specific ways. Further study is needed to confirm these findings and their relevance to clinical treatment decisions. 
The aim of the present investigations was to find markers for differentiating between the consumption of illegal cannabis products and legal medication containing fully synthetic 9-tetrahydrocannabinol (9-THC), e.g., Marinol capsules. 9-Tetrahydrocannabinolic acid A (9-THCA-A) and 9-tetrahydrocannabivarinic acid A (9-THCVA-A) were taken into consideration for analysis, because these substances are the precursors of 9-THC and 9-tetrahydrocannabivarin (9-THCV) in plant material of Cannabis sativa and are not contained in medical THC formulations. Whereas 9-THCA-A is an already well investigated substance, there is little analytical data on 9-THCVA-A. The reason for the presented investigations was a case in which a man was tested positive for 9-THC during a routine traffic control claiming that the positive serum sample resulted from the intake of a THC medication (Marinol) and not from consuming illegal cannabis products. Sample preparation consisted of a protein precipitation with acetonitrile. Analysis was carried out on a Thermo Fisher LCQ Deca ion trap LC-MS-MS-system using electron spray ionization (ESI) in negative mode. MS(2)- and MS(3)-full scan spectra were recorded for 9-THCA-A and 9-THCVA-A starting from [M-H](-). Reference spectra were obtained by measuring a 9-THCA-A reference solution and an ethanolic cannabis extract for 9-THCVA-A as there is no reference material for this cannabinoid available on the market yet. Main transitions for 9-THCA-A were m/z 357313 and 339 in the MS(2)-spectrum and m/z 313245 and 191 in the MS(3)-spectrum. Fragmentation pattern of 9-THCVA-A was identical with a difference of 28 amu less for the precursor ion as well as the fragments due to a shorter alkyl side chain in the molecule (MS(2): m/z 329285 and 311; MS(3): m/z 285217 and 163). The two plant cannabinoids 9-THCA-A and 9-THCVA-A could be detected in the serum sample by LC-MS-MS which proved the intake of illegal cannabis products derived from plant material of C. sativa in the described case.
BACKGROUND: The interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra) is the principal determinant of IL-1 bioactivity within the IL-1 gene cluster, regulating IL-1 and IL-1 release. This study was designed to determine whether polymorphisms of the IL-1Ra gene (IL1RN) produce clinically measurable differences in serum IL-1Ra concentrations and opioid consumption in the postoperative period. METHODS: Opioid consumption and pain scores were evaluated in 96 patients undergoing a nephrectomy. DNA was extracted from all patients, and the genotypes of IL1RN were determined by polymerase chain reaction amplification of the variable number of tandem repeats of 86 base pairs in intron 2 of IL1RN. The concentrations of serum IL-1Ra concentrations at baseline and at 24 h postoperatively in 58 subjects were measured. RESULTS: Differences in opioid consumption among the three genotype groups (IL1RN*1 homozygotes and *2 and *3 carriers) were statistically significant in the first and second 12-h postoperative periods (P = 0.010). The IL1RN*2 carrier group consumed 43% (95% CI, 38-48%) less opioids in the first 24 h after surgery than the IL1RN*1 homozygote group (P = 0.003). Differences in the serum IL-1Ra concentration among the three genotype groups were statistically significant at 24 h postoperatively (P = 0.003), with IL1RN*2 carriers having the highest serum IL-1Ra concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: The variable number of tandem repeats in intron 2 of IL1RN may contribute to interindividual variations in opioid consumption in the first 24 h after surgery. Patients homozygous for the IL1RN*1 allele have lower concentrations of IL-1Ra and require higher doses of opioids postoperatively than patients carrying at least one IL1RN*2 allele. 
Inflammation is a suspected risk factor for breast cancer and its subsequent prognosis. The extent to which dietary and lifestyle factors might influence inflammation is important to examine. Specifically, dietary fiber may reduce systemic inflammation, but this relationship has not been examined among breast cancer survivors. We examined associations between dietary fiber and serum concentrations of C-reactive protein (CRP) and serum amyloid A (SAA), among 698 female breast cancer survivors from the Health, Eating, Activity, and Lifestyle (HEAL) Study. Data are from interviews and clinical visits conducted 24-months post-study enrollment. Multivariate-adjusted linear regression estimated associations of total, soluble, and insoluble fiber with serum concentrations of CRP and SAA. Logistic regression estimated the odds of elevated CRP (defined as >3.0 mg/l) across tertiles of dietary fiber intake. Mean total dietary fiber intake was 13.9  6.4 g/day. Mean CRP and SAA were 3.32  3.66 and 7.73  10.23 mg/l, respectively. We observed a multivariate-adjusted inverse association between total dietary fiber intake and CRP concentrations (, -0.029; 95% CI, -0.049, -0.008). Results for insoluble fiber were similar (, -0.039; 95% CI, -0.064, -0.013). Among survivors who consumed >15.5 g/day of insoluble dietary fiber, a 49% reduction in the likelihood of having elevated CRP concentrations (OR, 0.51; 95% CI, 0.27, 0.95) was observed compared to those who consumed <5.4 g/day (P = 0.053). Our results suggest that diets high in fiber may benefit breast cancer survivors via reductions in systemic inflammation; elevated inflammation may be prognostic for reduced survival.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the reproducibility and construct validity of the Questionnaire Based Voiding Diary (QVD) for measuring the type and volume of fluid intake and the type of urinary incontinence. METHODS: 250 women completed the QVD, a 48-hour bladder diary and underwent complete urogynecologic evaluation to determine a final clinical diagnosis. The questionnaire was re-administered after a 2-week period with no change in treatment, and 2-3 months later following treatment of urinary symptoms. RESULTS: The reproducibility of the fluid intake, output, fluid intake behavior and urinary symptom subscales of the QVD was 0.68-0.92. Correlation of the fluid intake scale of the QVD with the 48-hour voiding diary for determining the type and volume of fluid intake was high (r=0.65-0.83, P<0.01). High correlations were noted between the fluid intake behavior scale and urinary frequency (r=0.82, P<.01), urgency (r=0.77, P<.01) and urge incontinence (r=0.71, P<.01). The median total fluid intake and mean urinary symptom score was significantly lower in responders (2074 mL, 10.23.3) than non-responders (2347 mL, 18.54.6). As compared to the final clinical diagnosis, the sensitivity, specificity and positive likelihood ratio of the QVD for the diagnosis of predominant stress urinary incontinence are 86%, 66% and 2.6 and for predominant urge incontinence 82%, 79% and 4.0 respectively. CONCLUSION: The QVD provides clinically meaningful information on the type and volume of fluid intake and the type of urinary incontinence at the initial office visit. 
BACKGROUND: Assessment of habitual diet is important in investigations of diet-disease relationships. Many epidemiological studies use the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to evaluate dietary intakes but few studies validate the instrument against biological markers. The aim of this study was to assess the validity and reproducibility of a previously validated 70-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) that was expanded to 120-items to assess diet-cancer relations. METHODS: Relative validity of the FFQ was assessed against twelve 24-hour recalls administered over 12 months in 70 subjects. The FFQ was repeated after one year (FFQ2) to assess reproducibility. The validity of the FFQ was evaluated by comparing nutrient and food group intakes from 24-hour recalls with the first and second FFQ. In addition, FFQ validity for cholesterol and folate were determined through correlation with biomarkers (serum cholesterol, serum folate and whole blood folate) in 159 control subjects participating in a case-control prostate cancer study. RESULTS: Compared to recalls the FFQ tended to overestimate energy and carbohydrate intakes but gave no differences in intake for protein and fat. Quartile agreement for energy-adjusted nutrient intakes between FFQ2 and recalls ranged from 31.8%-77.3% for the lowest quartile and 20.8%-81.0% in the highest quartile. Gross misclassification of nutrients was low with the exceptions of protein, vitamin E and retinol and weighted kappa values ranged from 0.33 to 0.64 for other nutrients. Validity correlations for energy-adjusted nutrients (excluding retinol) were moderate to high (0.38-0.86). Correlation coefficients between multiple recalls and FFQ1 ranged from 0.27 (fruits) to 0.55 (red meat); the second FFQ gave somewhat higher coefficients (0.30 to 0.61). Reproducibility correlations for the nutrients ranged from 0.50 to 0.84.Calibration of the FFQ with biochemical markers showed modest correlations with serum cholesterol (0.24), serum folate (0.25) and whole blood folate (0.33) adjusted for age, energy, body mass index and smoking. CONCLUSIONS: The expanded FFQ had good relative validity for estimating food group and nutrient intakes (except retinol and vitamin E) and was a reliable measure of habitual intake. Associations with biomarkers were comparable to other studies. 
MS patients frequently present with urinary system symptoms, which have a negative effect on the quality life. The aim of our study was to demonstrate the validity and reliability of the Turkish King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) in MS patients. The study included 37 patients. For analysis of test-retest reliability, the Turkish version of the KHQ developed and the "translation-back translation" method was performed. To assess the validity of these results, Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life Scale (MQoL-54) and Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) were used. The internal consistency (intra-class correlation coefficient: 0.59-0.94) and test-retest reliability (Cronbach's -score 0.59-0.94) of KHQ were found to be high (p < 0.05). A significant correlation was detected between most of the KHQ subscores and the physical and mental MQoL-54 and EDSS (total and bowel/bladder, p < 0.05) subscores. The KHQ may be used to determine the effect of incontinence on the quality of life for MS patients.
AIMS: The aim of this study was to compare the effects of calorie-restricted vegetarian and conventional diabetic diets alone and in combination with exercise on insulin resistance, visceral fat and oxidative stress markers in subjects with Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A 24-week, randomized, open, parallel design was used. Seventy-four patients with Type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to either the experimental group (n = 37), which received a vegetarian diet, or the control group (n = 37), which received a conventional diabetic diet. Both diets were isocaloric, calorie restricted (-500 kcal/day). All meals during the study were provided. The second 12 weeks of the diet were combined with aerobic exercise. Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks and 24 weeks. Primary outcomes were: insulin sensitivity measured by hyperinsulinaemic isoglycaemic clamp; volume of visceral and subcutaneous fat measured by magnetic resonance imaging; and oxidative stress measured by thiobarbituric acid reactive substances. Analyses were by intention to treat. RESULTS: Forty-three per cent of participants in the experimental group and 5% of participants in the control group reduced diabetes medication (P < 0.001). Body weight decreased more in the experimental group than in the control group [-6.2 kg (95% CI -6.6 to -5.3) vs. -3.2 kg (95% CI -3.7 to -2.5); interaction group  time P = 0.001]. An increase in insulin sensitivity was significantly greater in the experimental group than in the control group [30% (95% CI 24.5-39) vs. 20% (95% CI 14-25), P = 0.04]. A reduction in both visceral and subcutaneous fat was greater in the experimental group than in the control group (P = 0.007 and P = 0.02, respectively). Plasma adiponectin increased (P = 0.02) and leptin decreased (P = 0.02) in the experimental group, with no change in the control group. Vitamin C, superoxide dismutase and reduced glutathione increased in the experimental group (P = 0.002, P < 0.001 and P = 0.02, respectively). Differences between groups were greater after the addition of exercise training. Changes in insulin sensitivity and enzymatic oxidative stress markers correlated with changes in visceral fat. CONCLUSIONS: A calorie-restricted vegetarian diet had greater capacity to improve insulin sensitivity compared with a conventional diabetic diet over 24 weeks. The greater loss of visceral fat and improvements in plasma concentrations of adipokines and oxidative stress markers with this diet may be responsible for the reduction of insulin resistance. The addition of exercise training further augmented the improved outcomes with the vegetarian diet. 
BACKGROUND: Measuring dietary intake in children is notoriously difficult. Therefore, it is crucial to evaluate the performance of dietary intake assessment methods in children. Given the important contribution of milk consumption to calcium (Ca) and potassium (K) intakes, urinary calcium (UCa) and potassium (UK) excretions in spot urine samples could be used for estimating correlations with milk consumption frequencies. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the assessment of milk consumption frequencies derived from the Food Frequency Questionnaire section of the Children's Eating Habits Questionnaire (CEHQ-FFQ) used in the IDEFICS (Identification and prevention of dietary- and lifestyle induced health effects in children and infants) study by comparing with UCa and UK excretions in spot urine samples. DESIGN: This study was conducted as a setting-based community-oriented intervention study and results from the first cross-sectional survey have been included in the analysis. SUBJECTS: A total of 10,309 children aged 2-10 years from eight European countries are included in this analysis. METHODS: UCa and UK excretions were measured in morning spot urine samples. Calcium and potassium urine concentrations were standardised for urinary creatinine (Cr) excretion. Ratios of UCa/Cr and UK/Cr were used for multivariate regression analyses after logarithmic transformation to obtain normal distributions of data. Milk consumption frequencies were obtained from the CEHQ-FFQ. Multivariate regression analyses were used to investigate the effect of milk consumption frequencies on UCa and UK concentrations, adjusting for age, gender, study centre, soft drink consumption and frequency of main meals consumed at home. RESULTS: A significant positive correlation was found between milk consumption frequencies and ratios of UK/Cr and a weaker but still significant positive correlation with ratios of UCa/Cr, when using crude or partial Spearman's correlations. Multivariate regression analyses showed that milk consumption frequencies were predictive of UCa/Cr and UK/Cr ratios, when adjusted for age, gender, study centre, soft drink consumption and frequency of main meals consumed at home. Mean ratios of UK/Cr for increasing milk consumption frequency tertiles showed a progressive increase in UK/Cr. Children consuming at least two milk servings per day had significantly higher mean UCa/Cr and UK/Cr ratios than children who did not. Large differences in correlations between milk consumption frequencies and ratios of UCa/Cr and UK/Cr were found between the different study centres. CONCLUSION: Higher milk consumption frequencies resulted in a progressive increase in UK/Cr and UCa/Cr ratios, reflecting the higher Ca and K intakes that coincide with increasing milk consumption, which constitutes a major K and Ca source in children's diet. 
This study explored interactions between dietary fat intake and the tumour necrosis factor- gene (TNFA) -308 G/A polymorphism on serum lipids in white South African (SA) women. Normal-weight (N=88) and obese (N=60) white SA women underwent measurements of body composition, fat distribution, fasting serum lipids, glucose, insulin concentrations and dietary intake. Subjects were genotyped for the functional -308 G/A polymorphism within the TNFA gene. There were no significant differences in the genotype or allele frequencies between groups, and no significant genotype associations were found for body fatness or distribution, or serum lipid concentrations. However, there was a significant interaction effect between dietary saturated fat (SFA) intake (%E) and TNFA -308 genotypes on serum total cholesterol concentrations (P=0.047). With increasing SFA intake (%E), serum total cholesterol levels decreased for the GG genotype and increased for the GA plus AA genotypes. The TNFA -308 G/A polymorphism appears to modify the relationship between dietary fat intake and serum total cholesterol concentrations in white SA women.
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Light-to-moderate alcohol consumption is associated with reduced risk for cardiovascular disease, whereas high serum -glutamyltransferase (GGT) level is associated with cardiovascular disease. However, whether light-to-moderate alcohol drinking is still related to reduced risk of cardiovascular disease irrespective of GGT level is uncertain. METHODS: We performed a 12.5-year cohort study of 2336 men (excluding exdrinkers) who were free from cardiovascular disease. They were classified into 4 groups according to alcohol consumption: never, and current light, moderate, or heavy drinker. The multivariate-adjusted hazard ratios of alcohol consumption for incidence of coronary artery disease, total stroke, and ischemic stroke compared with those of never drinkers were assessed with stratification by GGT median (32 IU/L). RESULTS: In participants with GGT >32 IU/L, the hazard ratios of all current drinkers for total and ischemic stroke were higher than those of never drinkers. However, in all current drinkers with GGT 32 IU/L, the multivariate-adjusted hazard ratios for total and ischemic stroke were lower than in never drinkers. CONCLUSIONS: In men with above GGT median, alcohol drinking even with light-to-moderate consumption could be a risk factor for ischemic stroke. 
Fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE) are known to be a direct alcohol marker and are mainly investigated in hair samples for their ability to be incorporated into this matrix from sebum. The present study used an already developed methodology to provide and confirm information about the use of FAEEs in skin surface lipids as markers of alcohol consumption. The skin surface lipids were collected with Sebutapes() from the foreheads of teetotalers, light drinkers, social drinkers, and alcoholics. The samples were analyzed by direct solid-phase microextraction and gas chromatography-mass spectrometry for ethyl myristate, ethyl palmitate, ethyl oleate, and ethyl stearate. Relative FAEE/sebum allowed an evaluation of alcohol consumption. The ranges obtained for relative FAEEs in each category were as follows, teetotalers (0-13.85 pg/mg), light drinkers (11.10-26.80 pg/mg), social drinkers (20.55-86.55 pg/mg), and alcoholics (109.00-1243.40 pg/mg). A social drinker volunteer was monitored during a period of two months. The highest m(FAEE)/m(sebum) were generally detected 7-9 days after the days of high alcohol consumption. From these results, a clear distinction of teetotalers, social drinkers, and alcoholics could be established with the methodology used.
Oleoyl Formononetin (OF) has good weight loss activity and hypolipidemic activity, could improve insulin sensitivity and suppress adipogenesis. To acquire better biological activities, three series of flavonoid fatty acid esters were designed and synthesized by optimizing the structure of OF. Their bioactivities were assayed in vitro. Some of these novel compounds could effectively inhibit preadipocyte proliferation and adipogenesis. Moreover, they could enhance glucose consumption in adipocytes notably.
There are concerns that weight-loss (WL) diets based on very low carbohydrate (LC) intake have a negative impact on antioxidant status and biomarkers of cardiovascular and metabolic health. Obese men (n 16) participated in a randomised, cross-over design diet trial, with food provided daily, at approximately 8.3 MJ/d (approximately 70 % of energy maintenance requirements). They were provided with two high-protein diets (30 % of energy), each for a 4-week period, involving a LC (4 % carbohydrate) and a moderate carbohydrate (MC, 35 % carbohydrate) content. Body weight was measured daily, and weekly blood samples were collected. On average, subjects lost 6.75 and 4.32 kg of weight on the LC and MC diets, respectively (P < 0.001, SED 0.350). Although the LC and MC diets were associated with a small reduction in plasma concentrations of retinol, vitamin E (-tocopherol) and -cryptoxanthin (P < 0.005), these were still above the values indicative of deficiency. Interestingly, plasma vitamin C concentrations increased on consumption of the LC diet (P < 0.05). Plasma markers of insulin resistance (P < 0.001), lipaemia and inflammation (P < 0.05, TNF- and IL-10) improved similarly on both diets. There was no change in other cardiovascular markers with WL. The present data suggest that a LC WL diet does not impair plasma indices of cardiometabolic health, at least within 4 weeks, in otherwise healthy obese subjects. In general, improvements in metabolic health associated with WL were similar between the LC and MC diets. Antioxidant supplements may be warranted if LC WL diets are consumed for a prolonged period.
DHA (22 : 6n-3) in pregnancy has previously been shown to benefit infant brain and retinal development. Fatty acid consumption during pregnancy may also have an impact on infant adipose tissue development. The objective of the present study was to assess the prenatal impact of a DHA-containing functional food (DHA-FF) on infant intra-uterine growth. This was a longitudinal, randomised, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial. Pregnant women were assigned to consume a DHA-FF or placebo bar from 24 weeks' gestation until delivery. Blood samples were collected from mothers at baseline and delivery and from the umbilical cord at delivery. Plasma and erythrocyte fatty acids were analysed by GLC and plasma insulin concentrations were analysed using a commercially available ELISA kit. Infant birth weight and length were obtained at delivery and ponderal index (weight (g)/length (cm)3  100) was calculated. A total of forty-seven mothers completed the study. Infants of mothers consuming the DHA-FF during the last half of pregnancy had lower ponderal indices ( = 0.198, P < 0.05) and umbilical cord blood insulin concentrations ( = 0.743, P < 0.05) than infants of mothers consuming the placebo. Thus, DHA consumption during pregnancy may be advantageous with respect to infant body composition at birth and insulin sensitivity.
Animal studies have provided direct evidence that dietary factors induce changes in DNA methylation patterns. In humans, studies on diet and DNA methylation have yielded inconsistent findings. Because humans tend to consume foods and nutrients that are highly interrelated, study of dietary patterns may have improved the power of detecting the effect of diet on DNA methylation. Using data collected from 149 participants aged 45-75 y in the North Texas Healthy Heart Study, we examined the relationship between dietary patterns and levels of genomic DNA methylation in peripheral blood leukocytes. Dietary data were collected from study participants using the Block FFQ. Genomic DNA methylation was measured using bisulfite conversion of DNA and real-time PCR (MethyLight) for LINE-1. Two dietary patterns were identified using factor analysis: a "prudent" dietary pattern characterized by a high intake of vegetables and fruits, and a "Western" dietary pattern characterized by a high intake of meats, grains, dairy, oils, and potatoes. The prudent dietary pattern was associated with a lower prevalence of DNA hypomethylation (Q(4) vs. Q(1); OR = 0.33, 95% CI: 0.12-0.92) and the association was dose dependent (P-trend = 0.04). There was no apparent association between the Western dietary pattern and global leukocyte DNA methylation (Q(4) vs. Q(1); OR = 1.28, 95% CI: 0.47-3.47; P-trend = 0.55). Thus, a dietary pattern characterized by a high intake of vegetables and fruits may protect against global DNA hypomethylation. Future studies with a larger sample size need to confirm that this association holds longitudinally.
BACKGROUND: Meat intake has been positively associated with incidence and mortality of chronic diseases, including diabetes, heart disease, and several different cancers, in observational studies by using self-report methods of dietary assessment; however, these dietary assessment methods are subject to measurement error. One method to circumvent such errors is the use of biomarkers of dietary intake, but currently there are no accepted biomarkers for meat intake. METHODS: We investigated four analytes (creatinine, taurine, 1-methylhistidine, and 3-methylhistidine) specifically found in meat and excreted in urine. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected from 17 individuals on controlled diets containing varying levels of meat: vegetarian (0 g/d), low red meat (60 g/d), medium red meat (120 g/d), and high red meat (420 g/d), as part of two randomized crossover feeding studies. RESULTS: When compared with the low red meat diet or the vegetarian diet, the urinary levels of all four analytes were significantly higher in urine samples collected after 15 days of a high red meat diet (P < 0.0001). Only urinary 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine were statistically significantly different for every diet type, increasing as the amount of meat in the diet increased (P < 0.01 for 1-methylhistidine and P < 0.05 for 3-methylhistidine). Furthermore, urinary excretion of 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine elevated with increasing meat intake in every individual. CONCLUSION: Urinary 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine may be good biomarkers of meat intake. IMPACT: To determine the public health impact of red meat on cancer risk, biomarkers are crucial to estimate true intake; these potential biomarkers should be further investigated in free-living populations. 
Recent studies have suggested a beneficial effect of vitamin D and calcium on adipocyte metabolism and the metabolic profile. Our objective was to examine associations of vitamin D intake, calcium and dairy products as well as serum 25(OH)D concentration with adiposity measures and adipocyte size in women. Omental and subcutaneous adipose tissue samples were obtained from 43 women undergoing gynecological surgeries. Adipocyte size was measured using adipocyte suspensions from collagenase-digested fat tissues. Total and visceral adiposity were assessed by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography, respectively. Serum 25(OH)D was measured by radioimmmunoassay. Dietary intakes were assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. Women consuming two or more dairy product portions daily had smaller adipocytes in the omental depot compared to women consuming less than two portions daily (79  12 vs. 94  16 m, P  0.01). Dietary intakes of calcium (r = -0.55) and vitamin D (r = -0.43) as well as serum 25(OH)D (r = -0.35) were also inversely and significantly associated with omental adipocyte size (P  0.05 for all). Dietary vitamin D intake was inversely associated with visceral adipose tissue area (r = -0.34, P  0.05). Serum 25(OH)D was also inversely associated with visceral adipose tissue area (r = -0.32) as well as with total adipose tissue area (r = -0.44), subcutaneous adipose tissue area (r = -0.36), BMI (r =-0.43) and total body fat mass (r = -0.41, P  0.05 for all). In conclusion, elevated dietary vitamin D intake and serum 25(OH)D values are related to lower visceral adiposity and omental adipocyte size in women.
Coffee contains a complex mixture of chlorogenic acids, which are mainly ferulic and caffeic acids ester-linked to quinic acid. Green tea contains flavanols, mainly (-)-epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), (-)-epigallocatechin (EGC) and (-)-epicatechin (EC). For healthy humans, we identified seven studies on green tea in liquid form and five on coffee beverage reporting single-dose plasma pharmacokinetics. Weighted averages, based on the number of subjects, and elimination of outliers, allowed estimation of some pharmacokinetic parameters. After consumption of an "average" cup of green tea containing 112 mg of (-)-epigallocatechin gallate, 51 mg of EGC and 15 mg of EC in 200 mL, the predicted C(max) values (total free and sulfate/glucuronide conjugates) in plasma are 125, 181 and 76 nM, respectively, together with 94 nM methyl-EGC and 51 nM methyl-EC (standard deviation <20%). After consumption of an "average" cup of coffee (160 mg total chlorogenic acids (0.46 mmol)/200 mL), predicted C(max) values of caffeic, ferulic, isoferulic, dihydrocaffeic and dihydroferulic acids are 114, 96, 50, 384 and 594 nM, respectively (too few studies to calculate standard deviation). Most studies report a very low amount of intact chlorogenic acids in plasma, with one exception. More studies on absorption of chlorogenic acids from coffee are required, including dose-response studies.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To study the bioavailability of anthocyanins and the effects of a 20% blackcurrant juice drink on vascular reactivity, plasma antioxidant status and other cardiovascular disease risk markers. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The study was a randomised, cross-over, double-blind, placebo-controlled acute meal study. Twenty healthy volunteers (11 females and 9 males) were recruited, and all subjects completed the study. Fasted volunteers consumed a 20% blackcurrant juice drink (250ml) or a control drink following a low-flavonoid diet for the previous 72h. Vascular reactivity was assessed at baseline and 120min after juice consumption by laser Doppler imaging (LDI). Plasma and urine samples were collected periodically over an 8-h period for analysis, with a final urine sample collected at 24h. The cross-over was performed after a 4-week washout. RESULTS: There were no significant effects of the 20% blackcurrant juice drink on acute measures of vascular reactivity, biomarkers of endothelial function or lipid risk factors. Consumption of the test juice caused increases in plasma vitamin C (P=0.006), and urinary anthocyanins (P<0.001). Delphinidin-3-rutinoside and cyanidin-3-rutinoside were the main anthocyanins excreted in urine with delphinidin-3-glucoside also detected. The yield of anthocyanins in urine was 0.0210.003% of the dietary intake of delphinidin glycosides and 0.0090.002% of the dietary intake of cyanidin glycosides. CONCLUSIONS: The juice consumption did not have a significant effect on vascular reactivity. Anthocyanins were present at low concentrations in the urine, and microbial metabolites of flavonoids were detected in plasma after juice consumption. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Despite their relatively high content of saturated fat, studies of dairy product intake and the risk of cardiovascular disease have often yielded null or inverse results. The use of fatty acid biomarkers to reflect dairy intake could elucidate this association. This study aims to evaluate the association between dairy intake, assessed by adipose pentadecanoic (15:0) and heptadecanoic (17:0) fatty acids and food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), and the risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), in a matched case-control study of Costa Rican adults (n=3630). METHODS AND RESULTS: The association was examined using conditional logistic regression, adjusted for potential confounders. The associations of adipose tissue 15:0 and 17:0 with the risk of MI were not statistically significant (for 15:0: multivariate-adjusted OR for 5th quintile vs. 1st=1.14 (95% CI=0.85, 1.53), p-value for linear trend=0.77; for 17:0: multivariate-adjusted OR for 5th quintile vs. 1st=1.15 (95% CI=0.88, 1.51), p-value for linear trend=0.18). The association between the FFQ measure of dairy intake and MI showed evidence of a possible threshold effect, with a protective association observed for all but the top quintile of the exposure distribution. CONCLUSION: Dairy product intake as assessed by adipose tissue 15:0, 17:0, and by FFQ is not associated with a linear increase in the risk of MI in the study population. It is possible that the adverse effect of saturated fat in dairy products on cardiovascular health is offset by presence of beneficial nutrients. 
The importance of dietary intake in the treatment of type 2 diabetes was emphasized. This study was performed to investigate the dietary intakes of Korean type 2 diabetes patients according to the treatment and duration of diabetes and to examine the relationships between their diet and serum lipid profiles. The subjects were 111 type 2 diabetic patients who were treated by medical nutrition therapy only, oral hypoglycemic agents (OHA), or insulin with medical nutrition therapy. Dietary intake was assessed by a registered dietitian using semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaires. Comparisons according to treatment type were made using covariance analyses. General linear models identified the independent effects of the different treatments after covarying for age, duration of diabetes, and 2-way interactions. There were no significant differences in age and BMI but was in duration of diabetes according to treatment type in these subjects. Carbohydrate to energy ratio was higher in the OHA group (P < 0.05), whereas the fat to energy ratio was higher in the insulin group for males (P < 0.05). Carbohydrate (R(2) = 0.24, P = 0.005) and fat (R(2) = 0.26, P = 0.02) to energy ratios were independently associated with the duration of diabetes after covarying for age, sex, treatment, and 2-way interactions. The levels of triglyceride (TG; R(2) = 0.32, P = 0.02) and total cholesterol (TC) were associated independently with energy intake and the carbohydrate (R(2) = 0.15, P = 0.02) and fat (R(2) = 0.15, P = 0.01) to energy ratios, respectively. The concern that the independent association of dietary intake with either duration of diabetes or dietary factors affects blood lipid levels could suggest that specific dietary recommendations may work better for identifiable groups of diabetes patients.
BACKGROUND: The health positive effects of diets high in fruits and vegetables are generally not replicated in supplementation trials with isolated antioxidants and vitamins, and as a consequence the emphasis of chronic disease prevention has shifted to whole foods and whole food products. METHODS: We carried out a human intervention trial with the golden kiwifruit, Actinidia chinensis, measuring markers of antioxidant status, DNA stability, plasma lipids, and platelet aggregation. Our hypothesis was that supplementation of a normal diet with kiwifruits would have an effect on biomarkers of oxidative status. Healthy volunteers supplemented a normal diet with either one or two golden kiwifruits per day in a cross-over study lasting 2  4 weeks. Plasma levels of vitamin C, and carotenoids, and the ferric reducing activity of plasma (FRAP) were measured. Malondialdehyde was assessed as a biomarker of lipid oxidation. Effects on DNA damage in circulating lymphocytes were estimated using the comet assay with enzyme modification to measure specific lesions; another modification allowed estimation of DNA repair. RESULTS: Plasma vitamin C increased after supplementation as did resistance towards HO-induced DNA damage. Purine oxidation in lymphocyte DNA decreased significantly after one kiwifruit per day, pyrimidine oxidation decreased after two fruits per day. Neither DNA base excision nor nucleotide excision repair was influenced by kiwifruit consumption. Malondialdehyde was not affected, but plasma triglycerides decreased. Whole blood platelet aggregation was decreased by kiwifruit supplementation. CONCLUSION: Golden kiwifruit consumption strengthens resistance towards endogenous oxidative damage. 
BACKGROUND: Self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) is used to regulate glucose control. It is unknown whether SMBG can motivate adherence to dietary recommendations. We predicted that participants who used more SMBG would also report lower fat and greater fruit and vegetable consumption. METHODS: The present study was a cross-sectional study of 401 primarily minority individuals living with diabetes in East Harlem, New York. Fat intake and fruit and vegetable consumption were measured with the Block Fruit/Vegetable/Fiber and Fat Screeners. RESULTS: Greater frequency of SMBG was associated with lower fat intake (r(s) = -0.15; P < 0.01), but not fruit and vegetable consumption. The effects of SMBG were not moderated by insulin use; thus, the relationship was significant for those individuals both on and not on insulin. A significant interaction was found between frequency of SMBG and changing one's diet in response to SMBG on total fat intake. The data suggest that participants who use SMBG to guide their diet do not have to monitor multiple times a day to benefit. CONCLUSION: The present study found that the frequency of SMBG was associated with lower fat intake. Patients are often taught to use SMBG to guide their self-management. This is one of the first studies to examine whether SMBG is associated with better dietary intake. 
We investigated the association between retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP(4)) and apolipoprotein B (ApoB)-containing lipoproteins. Obese or overweight, hypertriglyceridemic patients underwent the following interventions for 3 months: (1) Diet (n = 20), (2) Diet + fenofibrate (n = 18), (3) Diet + rimonabant (n = 8). Circulating RBP4 decreased during dietary treatment. The percentage change in RBP(4) was positively correlated with the percentage changes in very-low density lipoprotein cholesterol (r = .570, P = .02), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ([LDL-C]; r = .605, P = .01), ApoB (r = .705, P = .007), and small dense LDL-C ([sdLDL-C]; r = .872, P < .001). The percentage change in RBP4 was the best predictor of the percentage changes in sdLDL-C and ApoB. Rimonabant treatment reduced RBP4, whereas fenofibrate increased RBP4 during the first month of therapy followed by a subsequent decrease. In conclusion, RBP4 may significantly influence the metabolic pathways responsible for changes in ApoB lipoprotein subspecies, thus RBP4 may be associated with cardiovascular disease risk.
We investigated the possible association between the sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c gene (SREBP-1c) rs2297508 polymorphism and the changes in lipid profiles in a high-carbohydrate and low-fat (high-CHO/LF) diet in a Chinese population well characterized by a lower incidence of coronary heart disease and a diet featuring higher carbohydrate and lower fat. Fifty-six healthy youth (aged 22.89 1.80years) were given wash-out diets of 31% fat and 54% carbohydrate for 7days, followed by the high-CHO/LF diet of 15% fat and 70% carbohydrate for 6days, without total energy restriction. Fasting blood samples were collected. Serum variables of lipid and glucose metabolism after the wash-out and high-CHO/LF diets, as well as the rs2297508 polymorphism, were analyzed. Compared with the male subjects on the wash-out diet, significantly elevated levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) and decreased levels of apolipoprotein B-100 were observed in the male carriers of the C allele after the high-CHO/LF diet. In the female subjects, significantly increased triacylglycerol levels, insulin, and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were found in the GG genotype after the high-CHO/LF diet. These results suggest that the C allele of the rs2297508 polymorphism is associated with a retardation of the increases in serum triacylglycerol, serum insulin, and HOMA-IR in females and with the elevated serum HDL-C in males after the high-CHO/LF diet.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The purpose of this study was to investigate the reliability and validity of the Chinese version of Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ). METHODS: Women who presented for pelvic floor disorders completed the Chinese version of PFDI and PFIQ, SF-36, a 3-day urinary and fecal diary. POP-Q assessment, urodynamic study, anal manometry, and ultrasound were performed where appropriate. RESULTS: Five hundred and ninety-seven women completed the study. The Cronbach's alpha and test-retest reliability of PFDI and PFIQ was 0.92 and 0.98, and 0.77 and 0.79, respectively. Convergent validity was demonstrated with negative correlation of PFDI and PFIQ with SF-36; positive correlation of staging of prolapse, urinary or fecal incontinent episodes with the respective subscales of PFDI and PFIQ. CONCLUSIONS: The Chinese version of PFDI and PFIQ are reliable and valid condition-specific health-related quality of life questionnaires for women with pelvic floor disorders. 
This study examined the effect of dietary consumption of carbohydrates (CHO) on the blood lactate to rating of perceived exertion (La:RPE) ratio during an intense micro-cycle of exercise training. This ratio is a proposed biomarker of exercise training stress and potential indicator for under- or overtraining in athletes. Sixteen male athletes were randomly assigned into two groups; high CHO (H-CHO; 60% of daily caloric intake) and low CHO (L-CHO; 30% of daily caloric intake). Diets were controlled the day before and for the three days of the micro-cycle. The micro-cycle consisted of three successive days of 60 minutes of intense cycling (70% of VO2peak). Blood samples were obtained immediately before and after exercise (post) on each day of exercise training (D1, D2, D3) and were analyzed for blood lactate. Rating of perceived exertion (RPE) scores were taken at the end of each exercise session and combined with the post exercise lactate value to form the La:RPE ratio. An analysis of variance (ANOVA) showed a significant difference between the La:RPE ratio for the H-CHO and L-CHO groups at D3 even though the exercise intensity was not significantly different between the groups. Specifically, the ratio was significantly (p < 0.02) lower on D3 in the L-CHO group (31% lower) than in the H-CHO group. From these findings it is recommended that diet needs to be monitored when using the La:RPE ratio as an exercise training biomarker to determine whether an athlete is truly under-training or overtraining. Athletes or coaches that use the La:RPE ratio as a training biomarker, but do not monitor dietary CHO intake need to interpreted their findings carefully.
SCOPE: In order to validate the in vivo function of putatively healthy molecules in foods, human intervention studies are required. As the subject's compliance concerning intake or abstinence of a given food is considered mandatory to be monitored by biomarkers, the objective was to identify analytical markers for coffee consumption. METHODS AND RESULTS: Urine samples collected from coffee drinkers were compared with those of non-coffee drinkers using hydrophilic liquid interaction chromatography (HILIC)/time-of-flight mass spectrometry-based metabolite profiling. Two urinary molecules, found to be contributing most to the dissimilarities between both groups, were identified as N-methylpyridinium (NMP) and trigonelline and their suitability as coffee-specific biomarkers was validated by means of a coffee intervention study. After the volunteers (five females and four males) consumed a single dose of coffee, morning urine was collected for 10 days while staying abstinent from any coffee. HILIC-MS/MS-stable isotope dilution analysis (SIDA) revealed elevated urinary concentrations of trigonelline and NMP for up to 48 (p=0.001) and 72h (p=0.002), respectively, after coffee consumption when compared with non-coffee drinkers. CONCLUSION: Analysis of urinary NMP allows to check for coffee consumption within a period of 3 days and is proposed as a dietary biomarker which might be used as an analytical probe to control compliance in human intervention studies on coffee. 
BACKGROUND: India's population exhibits diverse dietary habits and chronic disease patterns. Nutritional epidemiologic studies in India are primarily of cross-sectional or case-control design and subject to biases, including differential recall of past diet. The aim of this feasibility study was to evaluate whether a diet-focused cohort study of cancer could be established in India, providing insight into potentially unique diet and lifestyle exposures. METHODS: Field staff contacted 7,064 households within three regions of India (New Delhi, Mumbai, and Trivandrum) and found 4,671 eligible adults aged 35-69 years. Participants completed interviewer-administered questionnaires (demographic, diet history, physical activity, medical/reproductive history, tobacco/alcohol use, and occupational history), and staff collected biological samples (blood, urine, and toenail clippings), anthropometric measurements (weight, standing and sitting height; waist, hip, and thigh circumference; triceps, sub-scapula and supra-patella skin fold), and blood pressure measurements. RESULTS: Eighty-eight percent of eligible subjects completed all questionnaires and 67% provided biological samples. Unique protein sources by region were fish in Trivandrum, dairy in New Delhi, and pulses (legumes) in Mumbai. Consumption of meat, alcohol, fast food, and soft drinks was scarce in all three regions. A large percentage of the participants were centrally obese and had elevated blood glucose levels. New Delhi participants were also the least physically active and had elevated lipids levels, suggesting a high prevalence of metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: A high percentage of participants complied with study procedures including biological sample collection. Epidemiologic expertise and sufficient infrastructure exists at these three sites in India to successfully carry out a modest sized population-based study; however, we identified some potential problems in conducting a cohort study, such as limited number of facilities to handle biological samples. 
BACKGROUND: Bisphenol A (BPA) is a widely produced endocrine-disrupting chemical. Diet is a primary route of exposure, but internal exposure (serum concentrations) in animals and humans has been measured only after single oral bolus administration. OBJECTIVE: We compared serum concentrations of BPA over a 24-hr period after oral bolus administration or ad libitum feeding in mice and assessed for buildup with dietary exposure. METHODS: Adult female mice were administered [dimethyl-d6]-BPA (BPA-d6) as a single oral bolus (20 mg/kg body weight) or fed a diet containing 100 mg BPA-d6/kg feed weight ad libitum for 1 week. Serum concentrations were analyzed using isotope dilution liquid chromatography coupled with electrospray tandem mass spectrometry and compared between exposure groups over the first 23 hr and after 7 days of dietary exposure. RESULTS: Maximum concentration (Cmax) for BPA-d6 during the first 24 hr was reached at 1 hr and 6 hr for oral bolus and diet groups, respectively. Relative BPA-d6 bioavailability (unconjugated BPA-d6) was higher in diet-exposed mice than in the bolus group despite a relative lower absorption, a phenomenon consistent with an inhibitory effect of food on first-pass hepatic metabolism. In mice with ongoing dietary exposure, unconjugated BPA-d6 was higher on day 7 than on day 1. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first report of serum BPA concentrations in an animal model exposed to this chemical via the diet. Although bolus administration of BPA-d6 led to peak concentrations within 1 hr, Cmax for diet-exposed mice was delayed for several hours. However, bolus administration underestimates bioavailable serum BPA concentrations in animals-and presumably humans-than would result from dietary exposure. Exposure via diet is a more natural continuous exposure route than oral bolus exposure and is thus a better predictor of BPA concentrations in chronically exposed animals and humans. 
BACKGROUND: The change of the way of life and the food practices in Tunisia due inter alia to the improvement of the socioeconomic conditions induced low fuel consumption of food with significant nutritional interest such as those rich in food fibres which have positive effects on the reduction and the prevention of some complications of the metabolic diseases such as the obesity whose prevalence among Tunisian women is increasingly high. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the association between the mean daily fiber intake and anthropometric parameters, the serum lipid profile and the serum glucose concentration among urban Tunisian women. METHODS: We conducted a 7-day food weighing method among 260 women of which 60 are obese (BMI > 30 kg/m(2)). The weighing method was done by trained and experienced workers in the National Institute of Nutrition of Tunisia. All the results were treated with the (Bilnut) software (1991 version) to which a list of 235 special Tunisian foods was added. We calculated their mean daily fiber intake and we prospectively evaluated the correlations between it and the BMI, the waist circumference, total plasma cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglyceridemia and glycaemia. RESULTS: Obese women are found to consume less fiber than non-obese women (21.73  3.25 g/day vs 26.25  2.7 g/day; P<0.0001). Very high and significant correlations were observed between dietary fiber intake and the parameters investigated: BMI (r=-0.709, P<0.0001), waist circumference (r=-0.790; P<0.0001), total plasma cholesterol (r=-0.488; P<0.0001), triglyceridemia (r=-0.741; P<0.0001) and glycaemia (r=-0.557, P<0.0001). However, we find a positive but a non significant correlation with the HDL-cholesterol and the mean daily fiber intake (r=0.309; P=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: This study provides additional support to the inverse association between fiber consumption and weight gain, the serum lipid profiles, the glycaemia and the waist circumference. Our findings emphasizes the relevance of increased the intakes of fiber from varied sources that may help avoid weight gain among obese adults. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: Prohepcidin and the active form hepcidin-25 are two variants of the peptide hormone hepcidin for iron homoeostasis. Their regulatory role and usefulness as biomarkers of the iron status are uncertain. Our aim is to describe the intra-individual variance of serum and urinary hepcidin-25 and prohepcidin concentrations, the mutual associations of the 4 hepcidin formats, and their correspondence with iron status variables in male Guatemalan volunteers. METHODS: Eight healthy adult males provided serial samples of serum and urine without previous iron dosing over 6 intervals during a 9-week protocol period. Prohepcidin was assayed by a commercial enzyme immunoassay, and hepcidin-25 species in serum and urine were analysed by time-of-flight mass spectrometry after prior enrichment procedures. RESULTS: Serum hepcidin-25 levels correlated significantly with urinary hepcidin-25 concentrations, whereas serum and urinary prohepcidin were not associated with one another or with the homologous or converse formats for hepcidin-25. Serum ferritin and transferrin saturation were significantly correlated with serum hepcidin-25 concentrations, but not with urine hepcidin-25 or with either format of prohepcidin. CONCLUSION: Hepcidin-25 shows correspondence across biological fluids, and the background 'status' of hepcidin activation may be related to the host's iron stores, whereas prohepcidin concentrations showed no promise in this regard. 
The use of most polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and organochlorine pesticides (OCPs) has been restricted in China; however, their use remains a concern because of their adverse effects on human health, especially on fetuses and infants. To date, there is no data regarding the exposure levels of pregnant women to PCBs and OCPs in Shanghai. In order to evaluate PCB and OCP exposure levels and the contribution of dietary habits to these levels, we determined the concentrations of 8 PCBs and 14 OCPs in the umbilical cord blood serum of healthy pregnant women in Shanghai. Dietary habits of the pregnant women were obtained from a self-administered questionnaire. Results showed that p, p'-DDE, HCB and -HCH were the major pollutants present in the serum samples; PCBs were detected in a few samples at low concentrations. Age, weight and body mass index before delivery were positively associated with serum levels of p, p'-DDE and -HCH. Women and their husbands who had higher education levels, higher income levels, tended to have higher levels of p, p'-DDE and -HCH. Spearman correlation analysis results suggested that consumption of foods such as milk, eggs, meat, fish, and shrimp may contribute to higher serum levels of p, p'-DDE and -HCH. Furthermore, multiple linear regression analyses indicated that the age and educational levels of the pregnant women and their intake of fried/flamed food and shellfish were positively associated with -HCH levels, and that the age and educational levels of the pregnant women and their intake of parity, beef, pork, mutton, and shrimp were positively associated with p, p'-DDE levels. This is the first study to investigate the exposure levels of pregnant women to PCBs and OCPs in Shanghai, and it should provide useful information for future related research.
AIMS: We investigated the association between daily sodium intake and each individual component of the metabolic syndrome (MS) as well as the metabolic cluster per se and clarified which of the combinations of MS features is particularly associated with sodium intake. METHODS: A total of 716 subjects from our OPERA (Oulu Project Elucidating Risk of Atherosclerosis) cohort were selected to fill in a food follow-up diary for a 1-week period. The MS was determined using the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. RESULTS: Subjects with the MS used more sodium (P < 0.001), less carbohydrate (P < 0.001), less fibre (P = 0.031), and more alcohol (P < 0.001) than those without the MS. High sodium intake was strongly related to elevated BMI (P = 0.003), waist (P < 0.001), and higher fasting blood glucose (P < 0.001). The subjects with the highest sodium intake suffered more often from type 2 diabetes (P = 0.007). Sodium intake was highest in the group where all the MS criteria were present (P < 0.001). High sodium intake was a statistically significant predictor of the MS in logistic regression analysis (P = 0.009). The highest sodium intake was observed in the IDF criteria combination waist + glucose + blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that a reduction in sodium intake may be especially beneficial in the treatment of individuals with the MS. 
Like arsenic (As), antimony (Sb) is known to be a genotoxic element in vitro and in vivo. Sb is now recognized as a global contaminant and has aroused the global concerns recently. However, knowledge is scarce concerning the transfer of Sb from the environment to humans and the related hazards to human health. In this pilot study, the health risk and main pathway of long-term human exposure to Sb and As for residents around Chinese Xikuangshan (XKS) Sb mine, the world's largest Sb mine, were evaluated by dietary exposure and hair accumulations survey. The concentrations and species of Sb and As in food samples (n=209) from three main categories and six subcategories, and in hair samples (n=89) were determined. Residents in the vicinity of XKS had an estimated dietary intake of Sb (554 g/day) which was 1.5 times higher than the tolerable daily intake (TDI) (Sb, 360 g/day), whereas their dietary intake of inorganic As (107 g/day) was slightly lower than the provisional tolerable weekly intake (PTWI) of 15 g/kg BW/week (equal to 129 g As/day). Hair Sb and As concentrations (Sb, 15.7 mg/kg, DW; As, 3.99 mg/kg, DW) in XKS residents are both above the normal/toxic level. Rice, vegetables (especially leafy vegetable), drinking water, and meat/poultry were the dominant dietary intake sources of Sb for the residents. In contrast, rice was the uniquely dominant dietary intake source of As. Antimonate (Sb(V)) was the dominant Sb species in vegetables, drinking water and residents' hairs. This study highlighted the difference of exposure characteristics between Sb and As. The preliminary results suggested that dietary exposures to Sb, rather than As, was the dominant health risk to local residents. Nevertheless, the adverse effects of As levels on the health of residents still can not be ignored since the elevated As concentrations in human hair have reached the critical level for health risks. In addition, this pilot study did not consider the possible Sb and As combined effects.
The Salmon in Pregnancy Study provided two meals of salmon per week to pregnant women from week 20 of gestation; the control group maintained their habitual diet low in oily fish. Salmon is a rich source of marine n-3 fatty acids. Since marine n-3 fatty acids may increase oxidative stress, we investigated whether increased salmon consumption could affect markers of oxidative stress in mid and late pregnancy. Urinary 8-iso-prostaglandin F(2), urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine, and plasma lipid peroxide concentrations did not change from week 20 to 38 of pregnancy and were not altered by increased consumption of salmon. Thus, increased intake of salmon during pregnancy does not increase oxidative stress, as judged by the markers of oxidative damage to lipids and DNA measured herein.
Folate is of prime interest among investigators in nutrition due to its multiple roles in maintaining health, especially in preventing neural tube defects and reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases. We investigated the effect of dietary folate intake on blood folate, vitamin B(12), vitamin B(6), and homocysteine status. One hundred subjects consisting of Chinese and Malay subjects volunteered to participate in this cross-sectional study. Dietary folate intake was assessed by 24-h dietary recall and a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Serum and red blood cell folate were analyzed using a microbiological assay, while serum vitamin B(12) was determined by electrochemiluminescence immunoassay (ECLIA), and high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) was used for the determination of serum vitamin B(6) and homocysteine. The mean folate intake, serum folate, RBC folate, serum vitamin B(12), and B(6), were higher in female subjects, with the exception of serum homocysteine. The Chinese tended to have higher folate intake, serum folate, RBC folate, and vitamin B(12). A positive association was found between folate intake and serum folate while a negative association was found between folate intake and serum homocysteine. Stepwise linear regression of serum folate showed a significant positive coefficient for folate intake whilst a significant negative coefficient was found for serum homocysteine when controlling for age, gender, and ethnicity. In conclusion, high dietary folate intake helps to increase serum folate and to lower the homocysteine levels.
Wild fish from Qiandao Hu, a reservoir in the Zhejiang Province in eastern China, have increased mercury (Hg) concentrations exceeding the World Health Organization's (WHO) recommended guidelines. Due to the importance of freshwater biota in the local cuisine, dietary exposure to increased neurotoxic Hg is a concern in this region. An environmental hair-marker study was undertaken coincident with a cross-sectional epidemiologic study with 50 women age 17-46 years living in a Qiandao Hu fishing village. Diet, occupation, and other possible sources of Hg were recorded by way of questionnaires. Total mercury (THg) and selenium (Se) concentrations were measured in human hair samples and in important market fish species. Fish THg and Se concentrations were increased, with some fish concentrations >200 ng/g THg and 500 ng/g Se (wet weight [ww]). However, the average hair THg was low at 0.76  0.51 g/g dry weight, lower than the WHO's no observable-adverse effect level (50 g/g), whereas the average hair Se was 1.0 g/g. Hair THg concentration was positively associated with the average mass of fish consumed weekly, indicating that fish consumption is the main contributor to hair THg in this geographic area. The age-related hair THg trend was not linear but instead demonstrated a rapid increase in THg before age 25 years, followed by consistent concentrations in all ages after age 25 years. There was a positive correlation (p < 0.001) between molar Se and Hg in the hair samples, suggesting a possible antagonistic relation. This is the first study examining the relation between dietary Hg exposure and hair THg in an eastern China community where freshwater fish, as opposed to marine fish, dominates the cuisine.
OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of child-oriented dietary intervention on parental eating attitudes and dietary behaviour. DESIGN: In the prospective, randomized Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project for Children (the STRIP study), a cohort of Finnish families took part in a nutritional intervention trial focused on the quality of their children's fat intake since the age of 8 months. Health-related and hedonic eating attitudes of the parents were measured after 10 years of dietary intervention using a validated Health and Taste Attitude Scales (HTAS) questionnaire (n 660). Parents' eating behaviour was studied using a 1 d food record (n 491). SETTING: Finland. SUBJECTS: Mothers and fathers (n 660) of the STRIP children. RESULTS: The parents of the intervention families had a higher level of interest in healthy eating compared with control parents. The interest in natural products or hedonic eating attitudes did not differ between the groups. The parents' general health interest was associated with low saturated fat intake, fruit and vegetable consumption, fibre intake and seeking pleasure in eating, but it was not associated with BMI. The intervention also improved the quality of dietary fat among parents with the lowest level of interest in healthy eating. CONCLUSIONS: Parents' general health interest was associated with regular dietary counselling as well as with healthier food choice behaviour. However, the dietary intervention that focused especially on the quality of the child's fat intake also enhanced specific changes in the family's fat consumption without a high level of interest in healthy eating. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A standardized methodology is important to enable consistent monitoring of dietary intake across European countries. For this reason, we evaluated the comparability of the assessment of usual food intake collected with two non-consecutive computerized 24-h dietary recalls (24-HDRs) and a food propensity questionnaire (FPQ) among five European centers. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Two 24-HDRs using EPIC-Soft (the software developed to conduct 24-HDRs in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) Study) were performed to determine fish, fruit and vegetable (FV) consumed by 600 adults in Belgium (BE), the Czech Republic (CZ), France (FR), the Netherlands (NL) and Norway (NO) in a validation study. An FPQ was used to identify non-consumers. Information from the 24-HDRs and FPQ were used to estimate individual usual food intake by the Multiple Source Method (MSM). Blood samples were drawn to determine fatty acids in phospholipids and serum carotenoids as biomarkers of fish, and FV intake, respectively. RESULTS: The pooled correlation between usual fish intake and eicosapentaenoic acid plus docosahexaenoic acid in phospholipids was 0.19 in men and 0.31 in women (P for heterogeneity >0.50) and center-specific correlations ranged between 0.08 (CZ) and 0.28 (BE and NO) in men, and between 0.19 (BE) and 0.55 (FR) in women. For usual FV intake, the pooled correlation with serum carotenoids was 0.31 in men and 0.40 in women (P for heterogeneity >0.10); the center-specific correlations varied between 0.07 (NO) and 0.52 (FR) in men, and between 0.25 (NL) and 0.45 (NO) in women. CONCLUSION: Two standardized 24-HDRs using EPIC-Soft and an FPQ appeared to be appropriate to rank individuals according to their fish and FV intake in a comparable way among five European centers. 
Starch is the major energy source for monogastric mammals and humans. The present study was conducted to evaluate the liver metabolic responses of weaned pigs fed with different dietary starches. A total of sixteen weaned pigs were fed with two experimental diets containing either cassava starch (CS, 80% amylopectin and 20% amylose) or maize starch (70% amylopectin and 30% amylose). The present results showed that the growth performance was not affected by different dietary starches (P>005). However, ingestion of CS not only increased the lipid content in liver tissues, but also elevated the concentrations of serum cholesterol and insulin (P<005). The metabolic responses induced by CS were associated with more lipogenic enzymes such as fatty acid synthase and 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-CoA reductase in liver (P<005). Real-time PCR quantification for lipid metabolic genes indicated that ingestion of CS not only up-regulated the expression of these lipogenic genes, but also decreased the expression of lipolytic genes. These results suggested that the metabolic responses of weaned pigs fed with different dietary starches may vary widely depending on their composition, and ingestion of starches that are high in amylopectin may produce a stronger insulinaemic response and lead to an up-regulation of lipogenesis in the liver.
Consumption of industrial trans fatty acids (iTFA) increases LDL cholesterol, decreases HDL cholesterol, and is strongly associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, changes in circulating cholesterol cannot explain the entire effect. Therefore, we studied whether iTFA and conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) affect markers of inflammation and oxidative stress. Sixty-one healthy adults consumed each of 3 diets for 3 wk, in random order. Diets were identical except for 7% of energy provided by oleic acid (control diet), iTFA, or CLA. At the end of the 3 wk, we measured plasma inflammatory markers IL-6, C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor receptors I and II (TNF-RI and -RII), monocyte chemotactic protein-1 and E-selectin, and urinary 8-iso-PGF(2), a marker of lipid peroxidation. Consumption of iTFA caused 4% lower TNF-RI concentrations and 6% higher E-selectin concentrations compared with oleic acid (control) and had no significant effect on other inflammatory markers. CLA did not significantly affect inflammatory markers. The urine concentration of 8-iso-PGF(2) [geometric mean (95% CI)] was greater after the iTFA [0.54 (0.48, 0.60) nmol/mmol creatinine] and the CLA [1.2 (1.1, 1.3) nmol/mmol creatinine] diet periods than after the control period [0.45 (0.41, 0.50) nmol/mmol creatinine; P < 0.05]. In conclusion, high intakes of iTFA and CLA did not substantially affect plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers, but they increased the urine 8-iso-PGF(2) concentration. However, it is unlikely this plays a major role in the mechanism by which iTFA increase the risk of CVD. However, more research is needed to fully understand the implications of these findings.
The aim of this study was to determine the relationship between daily dietary mineral (Na, K, Ca and Mg) intake and BP in the elderly. This study was conducted on 390 elderly volunteers ( 65 years). Subjects were randomly selected from the general population of Ankara, Turkey. Anthropometric measurements, lipid profiles, and mean systolic and diastolic BP (SBP and DBP) of all the participants were measured. To determine the mineral intake of the participants, food consumption was measured with a 24-h dietary recall. The 49.3% of participants were found to be hypertensive, 25.1% to be pre-hypertensive and 25.6% were normotensive according to the JNC-7 Guidelines, except for daily Mg and Na intake, the energy, macronutrient and micronutrient intake of groups were not significantly different (p>0.05). A significant inverse correlation between daily Ca intake and SBP was found in the pre-hypertensive group when age and gender adjusted regression analyses were performed (B=-0.006, p<0.05). Na intake and Na/K ratio were directly associated with SBP in the hypertensive group. In conclusion, SBP was found to be most related to dietary Na and Ca intake, and Na-to-K ratio in the elderly population.
The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationships between fasting glucose levels, hs-CRP, BMI and serum retinol and diet in elderly people. For this study, a cross-sectional, epidemiological, population-based format was adopted. One hundred and sixty-three individuals between 60 and 90 years of age participated; the participants were from different socioeconomic and health backgrounds, except for the individuals diagnosed with diabetes. Most subjects had serum concentrations in the reference ranges for all variables. There was not a significant relationship between fasting glucose and serum retinol or diet. There was a significant correlation between hs-CRP and BMI (r=0.22, p=0.0082) and hs-CRP and total calorie intake (p=0.0091), which reinforces the notion that an increased intake of calories results in being overweight and/or obese. Considering the importance of vitamin A in various physiological processes, more studies on these relationships are necessary to establish a recommendation of vitamin A for the treatment and prevention of changes in fasting glucose and obesity in the elderly population.
BACKGROUND: Overactive bladder (OAB) consists of the symptoms of urinary urgency (with or without urgency incontinence) and increased urinary frequency and nocturia. As OAB is defined by symptoms, the patient is the best source of information for assessing the impact of the condition on health-related quality of life (HR-QOL). This assessment can be conducted through the use of valid patient-reported questionnaires, meaning the questionnaire has demonstrated content validity, among other acceptable psychometric properties. The aim of this study was to evaluate the content validity of the King's Health Questionnaire (KHQ) in patients with OAB in the US. METHODS: Men and women with continent or incontinent OAB were recruited from a clinical research site in the US. Participants completed the KHQ and were then asked about the instructions, items, and response options. Data were analyzed descriptively and qualitatively. RESULTS: A total of 24 participants (18 women, 6 men; mean [ SD] age 59.0 11.1 years) with OAB were interviewed and provided feedback on the KHQ. Participants reported that overall, the KHQ covers the key aspects in which OAB impacts patients' daily lives. Most KHQ items and response options were acceptable and understandable to the participants; however, a few minor issues were noted. In item 3, shopping was not considered by some participants to be a household task, while shopping and cleaning were not relevant to some of the men. Two sets of items ('limit social life' and 'limit ability to see/visit friends' and 'bladder problem affect sleep' and 'feel worn out or tired') were perceived as redundant, while 'depressed' (item 12) and 'anxious or nervous' (item 13) were perceived by some participants as too intense. Some participants were unsure if the intended meaning of 'change your underclothes when they get wet' was about changing wet underwear or frequency of incontinence episodes. CONCLUSION: The KHQ demonstrated content validity and can be considered a relevant and appropriate tool to assess the impact of OAB on HR-QOL in men and women in the US. 
Consumption of cruciferous vegetables (CVs) is inversely correlated to many human diseases including cancer (breast, lung, and bladder), diabetes, and cardiovascular and neurological disease. Presently, there are no readily measurable biomarkers of CV consumption and intake of CVs has relied on dietary recall. Here, biomarkers of CV intake were identified in the urine of 20 healthy Caucasian adult males using (1)H NMR spectroscopy with multivariate statistical modeling. The study was separated into three phases of 14 days: a run-in period with restricted CV consumption (phase I); a high CV phase where participants consumed 250 g/day of both broccoli and Brussels sprouts (phase II); a wash-out phase with a return to restricted CV consumption (phase III). Each study participant provided a complete cumulative urine collection over 48 h at the end of each phase; a spot urine (U0), 0-10 h (U0-10), 10-24 h (U10-24), and 24-48 h (U24-48) urine samples. Urine samples obtained after consumption of CVs were differentiated from low CV diet samples by four singlet (1)H NMR spectroscopic peaks, one of which was identified as S-methyl-l-cysteine sulfoxide (SMCSO) and the three other peaks were tentatively identified as other metabolites structurally related to SMCSO. These stable urinary biomarkers of CV consumption will facilitate future assessment of CVs in nutritional population screening and dietary intervention studies and may correlate to population health outcomes.
Two milk-based beverages delivering twice the average daily antioxidant intake were formulated, based on synergistic combinations of fruit and vegetable extracts, and containing vitamin C (1.00mg/ml) for shelf stability. Smokers (n=42) consumed prototype milk A, B or non-supplemented milk (no extracts or vitamin C; 200ml) twice daily for 6 weeks. Fasting and post-prandial (2h after milk consumption) blood samples were collected at baseline and the end of each treatment. Non-supplemented milk significantly reduced fasting inflammatory cytokines (interleukin (IL) 6, IL-1, tumour necrosis factor-) compared to baseline. Both supplemented milk-based beverages significantly increased fasting plasma vitamin C concentrations and antioxidant potential and decreased serum uric acid, compared to non-supplemented milk. The beverages did not induce post-prandial oxidative stress or inflammation. Therefore, regular consumption of the supplemented milks may confer health benefits because of increased antioxidant potential or through mechanisms resulting from increased vitamin C or decreased uric acid concentrations.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Habitual alcohol drinking influences blood cholesterol profile, and dyslipidaemia often accompanies obesity. The aim of this study was to determine whether obesity modifies relationships between alcohol intake and blood cholesterol profile. METHODS:  Japanese men aged 35-60 years (n = 23 834) were divided into two groups by body mass index (BMI) (normal BMI:  185 and < 25 kg/m(2) ; high BMI:  25 kg/m(2) ) and were further divided into four subgroups by alcohol intake [non-, light (< 22 g ethanol/day), heavy ( 22 and < 44 g ethanol/day) and very heavy ( 44 g ethanol/day) drinkers]. Relationships of alcohol intake with serum LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and LDL/HDL ratio were investigated. RESULTS: Both in the subject groups with normal and high BMI, alcohol intake was associated with lower risks of high LDL cholesterol, low HDL cholesterol and high LDL/HDL ratio, and these risks tended to decrease as alcohol intake increased. The odds ratios vs. nondrinkers for high LDL cholesterol, low HDL cholesterol and high LDL/HDL ratio tended to be lower in the normal BMI group than in the high BMI group. Significant interactions between alcohol drinking and BMI for high LDL cholesterol, low HDL cholesterol and high LDL/HDL ratio were found in all of the drinker subgroups except for the interaction for high LDL cholesterol in light drinkers. CONCLUSIONS: High BMI status is suggested to attenuate the associations of alcohol intake with lower LDL cholesterol, higher HDL cholesterol and lower LDL/HDL ratio. 
Gastrointestinal (GI) motility and gut hormones have been considered to be involved in the development and maintenance of obesity. Our aim was to assess the relationships between gastric emptying (GE), GI transit and gut hormones and leptin concentrations in diet-induced obese rat model. Male 6-week-old Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with a high-fat (HF) diet for 8weeks to generate diet-induced obesity (DIO) and diet resistant (DR) rats. GE, GI transit and plasma ghrelin, cholecystokinin (CCK), PYY and leptin concentrations were determined in DIO, DR and control (CON) rats. The DIO rats had slower GE, higher plasma leptin and CCK concentrations, and lower plasma ghrelin concentration compared with CON and DR rats. GE was correlated with plasma ghrelin (r=0.402, P=0.028), CCK (r=-0.518, P=0.003) and leptin concentration (r=-0.514, P=0.004). The slower GE, which can be considered as an adaptive response aimed at HF diet induced obesity, may be mediated by changes of plasma ghrelin, CCK and leptin concentrations.
BACKGROUND: Alcoholic beverages may have protective cardiovascular effects but are known to increase the plasma levels of triglycerides (TG). Both TG and the ratio of TG to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-cholesterol) are associated with increased cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVES: To determine the predictive factors for variations in plasma levels of TG and the TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio in patients after they had consumed red wine for 14 days. METHODS: Forty-two subjects (64% men, 46  9 years, baseline body mass index [BMI] 25.13  2.76 kg/m(2)) were given red wine (12% or 12.2% alc/vol, 250 mL/day with meals). Plasma concentration of lipids and glucose were measured before and after red wine consumption. Blood was collected after 12 hours of fast and alcohol abstention. RESULTS: Red wine increased plasma levels of TG from 105  42 mg/dL to 120  56 mg/dL (P=.001) and the TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio from 2.16  1.10 to 2.50  1.66 (P= .014). In a multivariate linear regression model that included age, baseline BMI, blood pressure, lipids, and glucose, only BMI was independently predictive of the variation in plasma TG after red wine (beta coefficient 0.592, P < .001). BMI also predicted the variation in TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio (beta coefficient 0.505, P= .001, adjusted model). When individuals were divided into three categories, according to their BMI, the average percentage variation in TG after red wine was -4%, 17%, and 33% in the lower (19.60-24.45 kg/m(2)), intermediate, and greater (26.30-30.44 kg/m(2)) tertiles, respectively (P= .001). CONCLUSIONS: Individuals with higher BMI, although nonobese, might be at greater risk for elevation in plasma TG levels and the TG/HDL-cholesterol ratio after short-term red wine consumption. 
Whether there are differences between countries in the validity of self-reported diet in relation to BMI, as evaluated using recovery biomarkers, is not well understood. We aimed to evaluate BMI-related reporting errors on 24 h dietary recalls (24-HDR) and on dietary questionnaires (DQ) using biomarkers for protein and K intake and whether the BMI effect differs between six European countries. Between 1995 and 1999, 1086 men and women participating in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition completed a single 24-HDR, a DQ and one 24 h urine collection. In regression analysis, controlling for age, sex, education and country, each unit (1 kg/m) increase in BMI predicted an approximately 17 and 13 % increase in protein under-reporting on 24-HDR and DQ, respectively (both P < 00001). Exclusion of individuals who probably misreported energy intake attenuated BMI-related bias on both instruments. The BMI effect on protein under-reporting did not differ for men and women and neither between countries on both instruments as tested by interaction (all P>015). In women, but not in men, the DQ yielded higher mean intakes of protein that were closer to the biomarker-based measurements across BMI groups when compared with 24-HDR. Results for K were similar to those of protein, although BMI-related under-reporting of K was of a smaller magnitude, suggesting differential misreporting of foods. Under-reporting of protein and K appears to be predicted by BMI, but this effect may be driven by 'low-energy reporters'. The BMI effect on under-reporting seems to be the same across countries.
OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects on proteinuria and blood pressure of addition of dietary sodium restriction or angiotensin receptor blockade at maximum dose, or their combination, in patients with non-diabetic nephropathy receiving background treatment with angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibition at maximum dose. DESIGN: Multicentre crossover randomised controlled trial. SETTING: Outpatient clinics in the Netherlands. PARTICIPANTS: 52 patients with non-diabetic nephropathy. INTERVENTIONS: All patients were treated during four 6 week periods, in random order, with angiotensin receptor blockade (valsartan 320 mg/day) or placebo, each combined with, consecutively, a low sodium diet (target 50 mmol Na(+)/day) and a regular sodium diet (target 200 mmol Na(+)/day), with a background of ACE inhibition (lisinopril 40 mg/day) during the entire study. The drug interventions were double blind; the dietary interventions were open label. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome measure was proteinuria; the secondary outcome measure was blood pressure. RESULTS: Mean urinary sodium excretion, a measure of dietary sodium intake, was 106 (SE 5) mmol Na(+)/day during a low sodium diet and 184 (6) mmol Na(+)/day during a regular sodium diet (P<0.001). Geometric mean residual proteinuria was 1.68 (95% confidence interval 1.31 to 2.14) g/day during ACE inhibition plus a regular sodium diet. Addition of angiotensin receptor blockade to ACE inhibition reduced proteinuria to 1.44 (1.07 to 1.93) g/day (P=0.003), addition of a low sodium diet reduced it to 0.85 (0.66 to 1.10) g/day (P<0.001), and addition of angiotensin receptor blockade plus a low sodium diet reduced it to 0.67 (0.50 to 0.91) g/day (P<0.001). The reduction of proteinuria by the addition of a low sodium diet to ACE inhibition (51%, 95% confidence interval 43% to 58%) was significantly larger (P<0.001) than the reduction of proteinuria by the addition of angiotensin receptor blockade to ACE inhibition (21%, (8% to 32%) and was comparable (P=0.009, not significant after Bonferroni correction) to the reduction of proteinuria by the addition of both angiotensin receptor blockade and a low sodium diet to ACE inhibition (62%, 53% to 70%). Mean systolic blood pressure was 134 (3) mm Hg during ACE inhibition plus a regular sodium diet. Mean systolic blood pressure was not significantly altered by the addition of angiotensin receptor blockade (131 (3) mm Hg; P=0.12) but was reduced by the addition of a low sodium diet (123 (2) mm Hg; P<0.001) and angiotensin receptor blockade plus a low sodium diet (121 (3) mm Hg; P<0.001) to ACE inhibition. The reduction of systolic blood pressure by the addition of a low sodium diet (7% (SE 1%)) was significantly larger (P=0.003) than the reduction of systolic blood pressure by the addition of angiotensin receptor blockade (2% (1)) and was similar (P=0.14) to the reduction of systolic blood pressure by the addition of both angiotensin receptor blockade and low sodium diet (9% (1)), to ACE inhibition. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary sodium restriction to a level recommended in guidelines was more effective than dual blockade for reduction of proteinuria and blood pressure in non-diabetic nephropathy. The findings support the combined endeavours of patients and health professionals to reduce sodium intake. Trial registration Netherlands Trial Register NTR675. 
Our previous epidemiological study indicated that excessive intake of iodine could potentially lead to hypothyroidism. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the time and dose effect of iodine intake on serum thyrotropin (thyroid-stimulating hormone, TSH) levels and to explore the non-autoimmune regulation of serum TSH by pituitary type 2 deiodinase (D2). A total of 360 Wistar rats were randomly divided into five groups depending on administered iodine dosages (folds of physiological dose): normal iodine (NI), 3-fold iodine (3HI), 6-fold iodine (6HI), 10-fold iodine (10HI) and 50-fold iodine (50HI). At 4, 8, 12 and 24 weeks after administration of sodium iodide, blood was collected for serum TSH measurement by chemiluminescent immunoassay. Pituitaries were also excised for measurement of TSH subunit expression, D2 expression and activity, monocarboxylate transporter 8 (MCT8) and thyroid hormone receptor 2 isoform (TR2) levels. The results showed that iodine intake of 10HI and 50HI significantly increased pituitary and serum TSH levels from 8 to 24 weeks (P<005 v. NI). Excess iodine had no effect on D2 mRNA or protein expression; however, 10HI and 50HI administration significantly inhibited pituitary D2 activities from 8 to 24 weeks (P<005 v. NI). Iodine had no effect on MCT8 or TR2 protein levels. We conclude that prolonged high iodine intake inhibits pituitary D2 activity and induces elevation of serum TSH levels. These findings may provide a potential mechanism of iodine excess-induced overt and subclinical hypothyroidism.
Smoking appears to enhance the body's clearance of dioxins and dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB) by inducing CYP1A2 activity based on studies with a limited number of participants. This hypothesis was evaluated by using data from National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Specifically, adult participants were identified and the sums of their serum lipid-adjusted concentrations of 12 polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins/polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDD/PCDF) congeners, 33 PCB (total), 26 non-dioxin-like PCB, and 6 mono-ortho (dioxin-like) PCB were determined. In addition to evaluating the association of smoking, the association of caffeine consumption and the interaction between them was evaluated. Data analysis included regression models that were fitted with age, gender, race/ethnicity, and body mass index (BMI). R(2) varied from 34.8 to 66%. Smokers had significantly lower concentrations of total PCDD/PCDF than nonsmokers. New to this study, a siginificant interaction between caffeine consumption and smoking for total PCB was found. When caffeine was consumed less than once a day, smokers had higher concentrations of total PCB than nonsmokers. However, when caffeine was consumed at least once a day, smokers had lower concentrations than nonsmokers. A significant interaction between age and caffeine consumption frequency for each of the PCB groups was also observed. The differences in concentration between younger and older age groups were greater when caffeine was consumed at least once a day than when caffeine was consumed less frequently. Smoking and caffeine consumption need to be considered in the interpretation of human biomonitoring data because they appear to affect the serum concentrations of these chemicals.
BACKGROUND: Obesity has become a leading global health problem owing to its strong association with a high incidence of diseases. AIM: To induce rat obesity using high fat diet (HFD) and to estimate oxidative stress markers in their liver, heart and kidney tissues in order to shed the light on the effect of obesity on these organs. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Sixty white albino rats weighing 150-200 g were randomly divided into two equal groups; group I: received high fat diet for 16 weeks, and group II (control group): received only normal diet (rat chow) for 16 weeks. Blood samples were taken for measurement of lipid profile, tissue samples from liver, heart and kidney were taken for determination of malondialdehyde (MDA), protein carbonyl (PCO), reduced glutathione (GSH) levels, and the activities of glutathione S- transferase (GST) glutathione peroxidase (GPx), catalase (CAT) and paraoxonase1 (PON1) enzymes. RESULTS: Data showed that feeding HFD diet significantly increased final body weight and induced a state of dyslipideamia. Also our results showed a significant increase MDA and PCO levels in the hepatic, heart and renal tissues of obese rats, as well as a significant decrease in the activity of GST, GPx and PON 1 enzymes. On the other hand CAT enzyme activity showed significant decrease only in renal tissues of obese rats with non significant difference in hepatic and heart tissues. GSH levels showed significant decrease in both renal and hepatic tissues of obese animals and significant increase in their heart tissues. Correlation studies in obese animals showed a negative correlation between MDA and PCO tissue levels and the activities of GPx, GST and PON1 in all tissues and also with CAT enzyme activity in renal tissues. Also a negative correlation was detected between MDA & PCO tissues levels and GSH levels in both hepatic and renal tissues. While positive correlation was found between them and GSH levels in heart tissues. CONCLUSION: High fat diet-induced obesity is accompanied by increased hepatic, heart, and renal tissues oxidative stress, which is characterized by reduction in the antioxidant enzymes activities and glutathione levels, that correlate with the increase in MDA and PCO levels in most tissues. This may probably contribute to the additional progression of obesity related problems. 
BACKGROUND: An elevated plasma homocysteine level is an independent risk factor for high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease, and its level is regulated by three vitamins; vitamin B6, B12, and folic acid. Until now, the association between the intake of these vitamins and blood pressure has been examined only in adult populations. We purposed to examine the association between dietary intake of these three vitamins and blood pressure of young children. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study at Japanese preschools in 2006. Blood pressure was measured among 418 children aged 3-6 years. Diets including vitamins were assessed by a 3-day dietary record. We compared the blood pressure levels among the four groups defined according to quartile of energy-adjusted vitamin intake by using analysis of covariance after controlling for age, sex, and body mass index. RESULTS: The mean systolic blood pressure was 6.6 mm Hg lower and the mean diastolic blood pressure was 5.7 mm Hg lower in the highest quartile than in the lowest quartile of vitamin B12 intake (P for trend was <0.001 and 0.006, respectively). The mean systolic blood pressure was 4.1 mm Hg lower in the highest quartile than in the lowest quartile of folic acid intake (P for trend = 0.004). Vitamin B6 intake was not significantly associated with blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest that high intakes of folic acid and vitamin B12 are associated with lower levels of blood pressure among preschool children. 
In order to assess the mercury exposure of pregnant and lactating women in Slovenia, levels of total mercury (THg) and methylmercury (MeHg) were determined in hair, cord blood and breast milk. In addition, the frequency of fish consumption was estimated, because fish is generally the main pathway for human exposure to MeHg. Hair samples were collected from 574 women participating in this study, while cord blood and breast milk samples were collected from 446 and 284 women, respectively. As expected, the levels of THg in hair (median (Med)=297 ng/g, 10th percentile (P10)=73 ng/g, 90th percentile (P90)=781 ng/g), cord blood (Med=1.5 ng/g, P10=0.5 ng/g, P90=4.2 ng/g) and breast milk (Med=0.2 ng/g, P10=0.06 ng/g, P90=0.6 ng/g) were low, due to low consumption of fish (X=25 g/day). A significant linear correlation was found between levels of lnTHg in hair and lnTHg in cord blood (r=0.87, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.84-0.89), between levels of lnTHg in hair and lnMeHg in cord blood (r=0.94, 95% CI: 0.90-0.96) and between lnTHg levels in cord blood and lnTHg levels in breast milk (r=0.36, 95% CI: 0.25-0.47). Spearman's rank correlations between the frequency of fish consumption and THg in hair (rs=0.35, 95% CI: 0.28-0.42), and between the frequency of fish consumption and THg in cord blood (rs=0.43, 95% CI: 0.36-0.51) or MeHg in cord blood (rs=0.31, 95% CI: 0.06-0.52) were weak. This could be due to the approximate information on fish consumption obtained from the questionnaires, the high variability of MeHg concentrations in fish and a relatively high proportion of inorganic mercury in the biomarkers which originates from sources other than fish. In conclusion, THg levels in cord blood, THg levels in hair and MeHg levels in cord blood are suitable biomarkers of low-level Hg exposure through fish consumption. Compared to cord blood, hair samples are easy to collect, store and analyse.
BACKGROUND: We reported that the compositions of arachidonic acid (ARA) in erythrocytes and plasma phospholipids (PL) in the elderly were lower than those in the young, though the ARA intake was nearly identical. OBJECTIVE: We further analyzed data in four study groups with different ages and sexes, and determined that the blood ARA levels were affected by the kinds of dietary fatty acids ingested. METHODS: One hundred and four healthy young and elderly volunteers were recruited. Dietary records together with photographic records from 28 consecutive days were reviewed and the fatty acid composition in plasma lipid fractions and erythrocyte PL was analyzed. RESULTS: No correlations for ARA between dietary fatty acids and blood lipid fractions were observed. A significant negative correlation between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) + docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) intake and ARA composition in erythrocyte PL was observed. ARA composition in erythrocyte PL was significantly lower in elderly subjects than in young subjects, because EPA and DHA intake in elderly subjects was higher than in young subjects. However, after removing the effect of dietary EPA+DHA intake, the ARA composition in erythrocyte PL in elderly subjects was significantly lower than that in young subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Changes in physical conditions with aging influenced the low ARA composition of erythrocyte in elderly subjects in addition to the effects of dietary EPA and DHA. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The aims of this study are (1) to assess the reliability (test-retest) of the Urgency Severity and Life Impact Questionnaire (USIQ) and (2) to test the effect of extended-release tolterodine on symptoms of urinary urgency using this validated instrument. METHODS: To measure reliability, women with overactive bladder (OAB) completed the USIQ on two separate occasions, prior to treatment for OAB. To assess the responsiveness, the USIQ participants completed the above-mentioned questionnaires prior to and following 4 weeks of treatment for OAB with extended-release tolterodine. RESULTS: USIQ-S and USIQ-QoL scores at the two visits did not differ significantly. Repeated measures of USIQ-S and USIQ-QoL demonstrated a moderate to excellent intraclass correlation coefficient (0.64-0.74; P < 0.0001 and 0.48-0.91, P < 0.0001, respectively). A significant decrease in mean USIQ-S and USIQ-QOL (71  14 vs. 44  19, P < 0.0001 and 51  22 vs. 39  10, P < 0.01, respectively) scores following treatment with tolterodine. CONCLUSIONS: This valid, reliable measure can be used in clinical practice and research trials to measure urgency severity. 
There is a need to develop a questionnaire as a research tool for the evaluation of water balance in the general population. The water balance questionnaire (WBQ) was designed to evaluate water intake from fluid and solid foods and drinking water, and water loss from urine, faeces and sweat at sedentary conditions and physical activity. For validation purposes, the WBQ was administrated in 40 apparently healthy participants aged 22-57 years (37.5% males). Hydration indices in urine (24 h volume, osmolality, specific gravity, pH, colour) were measured through established procedures. Furthermore, the questionnaire was administered twice to 175 subjects to evaluate its reliability. Kendall's -b and the Bland and Altman method were used to assess the questionnaire's validity and reliability. The proposed WBQ to assess water balance in healthy individuals was found to be valid and reliable, and it could thus be a useful tool in future projects that aim to evaluate water balance.
INTRODUCTION: A 29-item prostate cancer radiotherapy (PCRT) questionnaire with genitourinary (GU), gastrointestinal (GI), and sexual (S) domains has been previously validated for the assessment of late toxicity health-related quality of life (HRQoL) effects. The study objective was to cross-validate the PCRT domains versus the expanded prostate cancer index composite (EPIC) questionnaire urinary (U), bowel (B), hormonal (H), and S subscales. METHODS AND MATERIALS: A single-institution cross-sectional PCRT patient cohort was surveyed. Descriptive and intra- and inter-class correlation coefficient statistics for the various EPIC and PCRT HRQoL domain scores were generated. Univariable and multivariable Cox and logistic regressions were performed depending on the HRQoL endpoint being assessed. RESULTS: A total of 189/276 patients (68%) completed questionnaires with EPIC and PCRT missing data rates of 9% and 4%, respectively. Mean age was 75.8 years (SD 5.5) and the mean time of questionnaire completion after radiotherapy was 852 days (range 212-1454 days). Mean EPIC urinary (85.1 SD 12.9), bowel (84.1 SD 15.8), sexual (21.8 SD 20.7), and hormonal (85.3 SD 13.7) as well as PCRT genitourinary (66.1 SD 15.3), gastrointestinal (83.6 SD 14.3), and sexual (39.4 SD 21.6) domain scores were calculated. Intraclass correlation coefficients comparing corresponding EPIC/PCRT domains ranged from 0.50-0.88. Interclass correlation coefficients for non-corresponding EPIC/PCRT domains ranged from 0.16-0.43 and 0.23-0.30, respectively. EPIC B/U, PCRT GI/GU and PCRT S required arcsin square root transformation and EPIC S/H domains required dichotomous transformations prior to univariable/multivariable analyses. Multivariable analysis demonstrated novel associations between predictive variables and HRQoL domains including between the PTV-bladder overlap volume and PCRT GU score. CONCLUSIONS: The PCRT is a compact, valid, and HRQoL instrument with very high questionnaire compliance rates and similar statistical properties to the EPIC instrument. However, dichotomization of the PRCT S data was not required which suggests some potential statistical advantage to the PCRT. 
BACKGROUND AND STUDY AIMS: Epidemiological studies have shown a frequent coexistence of symptoms and diseases affecting the anorectum and lower urinary tract. To further investigate combined symptoms and pathology of both pelvic viscera we developed a self-reported questionnaire, in Dutch, which extensively evaluates habits, complaints and symptoms of both viscera. We describe the construction and the psychometric properties of this questionnaire. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This prospective study was conducted in 56 patients with anorectal symptoms, 41 patients with lower urinary tract symptoms and in a control group of 91 people. The following psychometric properties of the questionnaire were evaluated: content validity, construct validity, criterion validity, test-retest reliability and internal consistency. RESULTS: The questionnaire covered all important domains, was well interpreted and showed good acceptability (content validity). The questionnaire clearly differentiated the patient populations (construct validity). The criterion validity of the questionnaire was excellent. The test-retest reliability of the questionnaire was acceptable in all three the study populations (overall median kappa: 0.64; Inter Quartile Range: 0.56-0.75; mean agreement: 88%). The internal consistency of both anorectal and lower urinary tract symptom questions was high (Crohnbach's alpha of 0.78 and 0.80 respectively). CONCLUSIONS: This questionnaire is a valid and reliable instrument for the assessment of anorectal and lower urinary tract symptoms. It can provide further insights into the epidemiology of concomitant bowel and bladder disorders and, accordingly, can contribute to a more efficient diagnostic and therapeutic approach in patients with such disorders. 
The optimal amount of vegetable consumption required to reduce chronic disease risk is widely debated. Intervention trials evaluating biological activity of vegetables at various doses are limited. We conducted a 3-dose, crossover feeding trial to test the hypothesis that vegetable intake is associated in a dose-dependent manner with increased plasma carotenoids and subsequently reduced oxidative stress and inflammation in 49 overweight, postmenopausal women. Participants were assigned in random order to 2 (130 g), 5 (287 g), and 10 (614 g) daily servings of fresh, greenhouse-grown vegetables for 3-wk intervals with a 4-wk washout period between treatments. Plasma total carotenoids significantly increased from 1.63 to 2.07 mol/L with a dose of 2 vegetable servings, from 1.49 to 2.84 mol/L with a dose of 5 vegetable servings, and from 1.40 to 4.42 mol/L with a dose of 10 vegetable servings (pre-post paired ttests, all P < 0.001). The change during each feeding period increased with each dose level (P < 0.001). Urine concentrations of 8-isoprostane F2, hexanoyl lysine, and serum high sensitivity C-reactive protein were not affected by any administered vegetable dose. In this variable-dose vegetable study, a dose-response for plasma carotenoids was demonstrated without significant change in oxidative stress and inflammation in overweight, postmenopausal women.
Glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome is an inborn error of glucose transport across blood-tissue barriers, and the modified Atkins diet is an effective and well-tolerated treatment. To investigate the effects of the modified Atkins diet, we examined the cerebrospinal fluid markers and performed phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy in a patient with glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome before and after the modified Atkins diet. Cerebrospinal fluid levels of the oxidative stress markers, 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine and hexanoyl-lysine adduct, were markedly increased above the cutoff index and were normalized 18 months after the modified Atkins diet. Phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy measurements showed 18% increase of PCr/-ATP ratio after the modified Atkins diet. These results suggest that the modified Atkins diet may reduce oxidative stress in the brain and improve energy reserve capacity, which is important in sustaining electrophysiological activities essential for performing brain functions.
Observational evidence consistently shows that consumption of a diet rich in fruit and vegetables may offer protection against diseases such as cardiovascular disease and cancer. Assessment of dietary intake is complex and prone to many sources of error. More objective biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake are therefore of interest. The aim of this review is to examine the usefulness of the main biomarkers of fruit and vegetable intake to act as objective indicators of compliance in dietary intervention studies. A comprehensive search of the literature was conducted using six databases. Suitable papers were selected and relevant data extracted. The papers were categorized into 3 sub-groups: whole diet interventions; mixed fruit and vegetable interventions; and studies involving individual varieties of fruits or vegetables. Ninety-six studies were included in the review. Overall, the most commonly measured, and most consistently responsive, biomarkers were the carotenoids and vitamin C. Based on the results of this systematic review, it remains prudent to measure a panel of biomarkers in fruit and vegetable intervention studies. The only possible exception to this is "fruit only" intervention studies where assessment of vitamin C alone may suffice.
BACKGROUND: Relationships of sugar intakes with indicators of metabolic syndrome are important concerns for public health and safety. For individuals, dietary intake data for fructose and other sugars are limited. METHOD: Descriptive statistics. The data from 25,506 subjects, aged 12-80 yr, contained in the NHANES 1999-2006 databases were analyzed for sugar intakes and health parameters. RESULTS: Dietary fructose was almost always consumed with other sugars. On average, fructose provided 37% of total simple sugar intake and 9% of energy intake. In more than 97% of individuals studied, fructose caloric contribution was lower than that of non-fructose sugars. Fructose and non-fructose sugar intakes had no positive association with blood concentrations of TG, HDL cholesterol, glycohemoglobin, uric acid, blood pressure, waist circumference, and BMI in the adults studied (aged 19 to 80 yr, n=17,749). CONCLUSION: Daily fructose intakes with the American diet averaged approximately 37% of total sugars and 9% of daily energy. Fructose was rarely consumed solely or in excess over non-fructose sugars. Fructose and non-fructose sugar ordinary consumption was not positively associated with indicators of metabolic syndrome, uric acid and BMI. 
Dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids, including omega-3 and omega-6, could modulate chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) persistent inflammation. We aimed to assess the relationship between dietary intake of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and serum inflammatory markers in COPD. A total of 250 clinically stable COPD patients were included. Dietary data of the last 2 years were assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire (122 items), which provided levels of three omega-3 fatty acids: docosahexaenoic acid, eicosapentaenoic acid and -linolenic acid (ALA); and two omega-6 fatty acids: linoleic acid and arachidonic acid (AA). Inflammatory markers [C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-8 and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF)] were measured in serum. Fatty acids and inflammatory markers were dichotomised according to their median values, and their association was assessed using multivariate logistic regression. Higher intake of ALA (an anti-inflammatory omega-3 fatty acid) was associated with lower TNF concentrations [adjusted odds ratio (OR)=0.46; P=.049]. Higher AA intake (a proinflammatory omega-6 fatty acid) was related to higher IL-6 (OR=1.96; P=.034) and CRP (OR=1.95; P=.039) concentrations. Therefore, this study provides the first evidence of an association between dietary intake of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and serum inflammatory markers in COPD patients.
BACKGROUND: A psychometrically robust patient-completed questionnaire for anal incontinence, which reflects issues of importance to both clinicians and patients, was lacking for assessment purposes. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the psychometric properties of a new questionnaire developed to address this need, the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Bowels module. DESIGN: Qualitative studies were used to refine the developmental version of the questionnaire. Quantitative studies were conducted to evaluate its psychometric properties. SETTINGS: Patients were invited to complete the questionnaire via postal administration. PATIENTS: Two hundred sixty-one patients with known bowel symptoms participated in the study (244 females, 17 males; mean age, 59.7 years (range, 24-92)). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The aspects of validity were evaluated in comparison with available evidence, responses to existing instruments, and physiological findings. Reliability was assessed through repeat administration of the questionnaire and evaluation of internal consistency by the Cronbach  coefficient. Responsiveness following treatment was evaluated by the use of the Wilcoxon signed rank test. Exploratory factor analysis was used to derive the final version of the questionnaire with evidence from the above studies. RESULTS: The final questionnaire contains 17 questions arranged in 3 scored domains: bowel pattern, bowel control, and quality of life, with 4 unscored items included to evaluate important issues from a clinical or patient perspective. The questionnaire demonstrated acceptable validity, "good" to "very good" reliability, and reasonable response to changes in symptom and quality-of-life status following intervention. LIMITATIONS: Response rates varied according to location. CONCLUSIONS: The International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire Bowel module is a psychometrically robust, self-report instrument for the evaluation of anal incontinence and its impact on quality of life. It is suitable for use in individuals with anal incontinence of varying causes. It includes a scoring system for use in clinical practice and research. 
Traditional dietary assessment methods, such as 24-h recalls, weighted food diaries and food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) are highly subjective and impair the assessment of successfully accomplished dietary interventions. Foodomic technologies offer promising methodologies for gathering scientific evidence from clinical trials with sensitive methods (e.g., GC-MS, LC-MS, CE, NMR) to detect and quantify markers of nutrient exposure or subtle changes in dietary patterns. This review provides a summary of recently developed foodomic methodologies for the detection of suggested biomarkers, including the food specificity for each suggested biomarker and a brief description of the key aspects of 24-h recalls that may affect marker detection and stability, such as mixed nutrients and cooking processes. The primary aim of this review is to contribute to the assessment of the metabolic effects of active ingredients and foods using cutting-edge methods to improve approaches to future nutritional programs tailored for health maintenance and disease prevention.
PURPOSE: The aim of our study was to examine the possible effect of the Mediterranean diet on thiobarbituric acid reacting substances (TBARS) in obese patients with obstructive sleep apnoea/hypopnoea syndrome (OSAHS) who are under continuous positive airway pressure treatment. METHODS: Nine hundred patients were evaluated during a 1-year period (November 2008-October 2009), and 21 obese patients who met the inclusion criteria, with moderate to severe OSAHS based on overnight attended polysomnography, were included in the study. After randomisation, 11 followed the Mediterranean diet and 10 a prudent diet for a 6-month period. TBARS were measured in serum. RESULTS: TBARS levels decreased notably in both groups (p < 0.05), but no difference was observed between them (p > 0.05). There were significant differences in other characteristics. The Mediterranean diet group showed a greater reduction in weight (-10.8  3.8), body mass index (-3.9  1.6), waist circumference (-9.9  3.0) and percentage of body fat (-4.7  2.3) compared with the other group (-6.9  3.1, -2.5  1.0, -5.3  2.6 and -2.2  1.5, respectively; p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed that the Mediterranean diet did not reduce the TBARS more than the prudent diet. 
We evaluated the association between alcohol consumption and blood lipid levels in elderly Korean men. This was a cross-sectional study consisting of men (n=1893) aged 60 years and older from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) 2005-2009. Demographic characteristics and dietary intake were obtained from the participants using a questionnaire, and lipid levels were determined by blood-sample analyses. After adjusting for demographic and dietary factors, alcohol consumption was negatively associated with a risk for low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (p for trend<0.001), whereas the risk for high triglycerides increased with increasing alcohol consumption (p for trend=0.014). However, the odds ratios (ORs) of high non-HDL-C and the ratio of high triglycerides to HDL-C were not significantly different with alcohol drinking. These results suggest that light consumption of alcohol decreases the risk for dyslipidemia and that heavy alcohol consumption differentially affects lipid measures according to the amount of alcohol intake in elderly men.
OBJECTIVE: Highly processed foods such as convenience foods usually have a high salt content and therefore might indirectly act as adipogenic due to an increasing consumption of sugar-containing beverages (SCB). We examined the association between dietary salt and body weight status. DESIGN: We used data on urinary Na excretion as an indicator of dietary salt and BMI standard deviation score (BMI-SDS) and percentage body fat (%BF) of children and adolescents participating in the DONALD (Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed) Study. SETTING: Dortmund, Germany. SUBJECTS: Children and adolescents (n 364) who had at least two 24 h urine samples and two dietary records in the observational period between 2003 and 2009 were considered in our data analysis. RESULTS: Repeated-measures regression models revealed that urinary Na was positively associated with BMI-SDS (+0202 SDS/g Na excretion at baseline; P < 0001) and %BF (+1303 %BF/g Na excretion at baseline; P < 001) at baseline in boys and girls. These associations remained significant after adjustment for SCB consumption and total energy intake. Furthermore, there was a positive trend between baseline Na excretion and the individual change in %BF in the study period (+0364 increase in %BF/g Na excretion at baseline), which was confirmed after inclusion of SCB consumption or total energy intake. There was no significant association between the change in Na excretion and the concurrent change of either BMI-SDS or %BF in any model. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that a high intake of processed salty foods could have a negative impact on body weight status in children and adolescents independently from their consumption of SCB. 
We aimed to explore the associations of dietary patterns with blood lipid profiles and obesity in adults with type 2 diabetes. The data were obtained from the Forth Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2007-2008. Adults 30 yr or older, from which had both biochemical and dietary data were obtained. Among them, 680 subjects were defined as having diabetes based on criteria of fasting glucose  126 mg/dL, anti-diabetic treatment, or previously diagnosed diabetes. Dietary data from a 24-hr recall were used to derive dietary patterns by factor analysis. Four dietary patterns by factor analysis were identified: 'Bread & Meat & Alcohol', 'Noodles & Seafood', 'Rice & Vegetables', and 'Korean Healthy' patterns. Serum cholesterol levels in the highest quartile of the 'Bread & Meat & Alcohol' pattern were significantly higher compared with those in the lowest quartile. In addition, total cholesterol and triglyceride levels in the highest quartile of the 'Korean Healthy' pattern were significantly lower after adjusting for potential confounders. Dietary patterns of adults with diabetes were found to be associated with blood lipid profiles. 'Korean Healthy' pattern including whole grains, legumes, vegetables, and fruits could thus improve lipid profiles among those with type 2 diabetes.
The aim of this study was to compare the effects of three diets with varying macronutrient and fibre contents on postprandial plasma glucose, triglyceride, free fatty acid, and insulin concentrations over a 12 h period in 12 healthy neutered lean dogs. Each diet was fed to each dog for 3 weeks in a three-period cross-over study. Plasma analyte concentrations were measured prior to and after a meal at the end of the third week of each period. Postprandial glucose concentrations for the moderate carbohydrate and fibre diet were 0.4-0.7 mmol/L (8-12 mg/dL) lower than for both higher carbohydrate diets (p0.02). Postprandial glucose, insulin, and triglyceride concentrations in some dogs did not return to baseline by 12 h after feeding of each of the three diets. These results indicate that the moderate carbohydrate and fibre diet warrants evaluation in diabetic dogs. Variables should be measured over at least 12 h after feeding to fully evaluate postprandial dietary effects on these analytes.
Chronic alcohol consumption is known to result in tissue injury, particularly in the liver, and is considered a major risk factor for cancers of the upper respiratory tract. Here we assessed the oxidative effects of subchronic ethanol consumption on DNA and lipids by measuring biomarkers 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxodG) and malondialdehyde (MDA), respectively. Physiological responses of pigs (n = 4) administered ethanol in drinking water for 39 days were compared with those of water-fed pigs (n = 4). Alcoholisation resulted in serum ethanol concentration of 1.90 g L(-1) and in a moderate but significant increase in alanine aminotransferase activity, an index of liver injury. However, between the alcoholised and control groups there were no significant differences in the levels of 8-oxodG (8-oxodG per 10(6) 2'deoxyguanosine) from leucocytes (2.52  0.42 Vs 2.39  0.34) or from target organs, liver, cardia and oesophagus. Serum MDA levels were also similar in ethanol-fed pigs (0.33  0.04 M) and controls (0.28  0.03 M). Interestingly, levels of 8-oxodG in cardia were positively correlated with those in oesophagus (Spearman correlation coefficient R = 1, P < 0.0001). Our results suggest that alcohol consumption may not cause oxidative damage to DNA and lipids as measured by 8-oxodG and MDA, respectively. The duration of alcoholisation and the potential alcohol-induced nutritional deficiency may be critical determinants of ethanol toxicity. Relevant biomarkers, such as factors involved in sensitization to ethanol-induced oxidative stress are required to better elucidate the relationship between alcohol consumption, oxidative stress and carcinogenesis.
The molecular structure/property-affinity relationships of dietary polyphenols non-covalently binding to total plasma proteins of type II diabetes (IIDTPP) were investigated by comparing the binding constants obtained from the fluorescence titration method. An additional methoxy group in flavonoids increased their binding affinities for IIDTPP by 1.38 to 15.85 times. The hydroxylation at the 4' position (Ring B) of flavonols and the 5 position (Ring A) of isoflavones weakened the binding affinities; however, hydroxylation at other positions on flavonoids slightly enhanced or little affected the binding affinities for IIDTPP. The glycosylation of flavonoids slightly decreased or little affected the affinities for IIDTPP by less than 1 order of magnitude. The hydrogenation of the C2[double bond, length as m-dash]C3 double bond of flavone, 6-hydroxyflavone, 6-methoxyflavone and myricetin decreased the binding affinities. The galloylation of catechins significantly improved the binding affinities with IIDTPP approximately 10 to 1000 times. The esterification of gallic acid increased its binding affinity. The hydrophobic force played an important role in the binding interaction between polyphenols and IIDTPP.
The association of giardiasis with the malabsorption of zinc remains controversial. This study investigated changes in serum zinc levels in Giardia-infected mice subjected to different dietary zinc regimens. Thirty-five mice (strain C(3)H/H(e)J) were randomly categorized into two groups. The first group was inoculated with 510(6) Giardia trophozoites (n=18), and the second group remained Giardia free (n=17). Each group (Giardia infected and Giardia free) was randomly classified into three subgroups and given low (9 mg Zn/kg), normal (33 mg Zn/kg), and high levels (288 mg Zn/kg) of dietary zinc over a 2-week period for acclimation. Fourteen days post-Giardia infection, all of the mice were euthanized and blood samples were collected. The number of trophozoites was quantified (hematocytometer), and serum zinc levels were determined via atomic absorption spectrophotometry. Significant increases in the median weights were only found in the Giardia-free mice (p<0.05). A higher final median weight was found in the Giardia-free group when compared with that of the Giardia-infected group given low dietary zinc (p=0.013). In the Giardia-infected group with low dietary zinc, the geometric mean of trophozoites was 3,498101 (SE) per milliliter. The Giardia-infected group had lower serum zinc levels than did the Giardia-free group with the high dietary zinc regimens (p<0.05). Our results are consistent with studies among human populations, but further studies are required to elucidate the actual mechanism governing the zinc-giardiasis interaction.
SCOPE: Natural dietary anti-obesogenic phytochemicals may help combat the rising global incidence of obesity. We aimed to identify key hepatic pathways targeted by anti-obsogenic ginger phytochemicals fed to mice. METHODS AND RESULTS: Weaning mice were fed a high-fat diet containing 6-gingerol (HFG), zerumbone (HFZ), a characterized rhizome extract of the ginger-related plant Alpinia officinarum Hance (high fat goryankang, HFGK) or no phytochemicals (high-fat control, HFC) for 6 wks and were compared with mice on a low-fat control diet (LFC). Increased adiposity in the HFC group, compared with the LFC group, was significantly (p<0.05) reduced in the HFG and HFGK groups without food intake being affected. Correlation network analysis, including a novel residuals analysis, was utilized to investigate relationships between liver proteomic data, lipid and cholesterol biomarkers and physiological indicators of adiposity. 6-Gingerol significantly increased plasma cholesterol but hepatic farnesyl diphosphate synthetase, which is involved in cholesterol biosynthesis was decreased, possibly by negative feedback. Acetyl-coenzyme A acyltransferase 1 and enoyl CoA hydratase, which participate in the -oxidation of fatty acids were significantly (p<0.05) increased by consumption of phytochemical-supplemented diets. CONCLUSION: Dietary ginger phytochemicals target cholesterol metabolism and fatty acid oxidation in mice, with anti-obesogenic but also hypercholesterolemic consequences. 
AIM:  This article is a report of the development and psychometric testing of the Treatment Adherence Questionnaire for Patients with Hypertension. BACKGROUND:  Hypertension is the most prevalent health problem among adult patients affecting approximately 200 million people in China and about 1 billion persons worldwide. Adherence to medication and lifestyle for hypertensive patients result in blood pressure control and reduce adverse outcomes. At present, few specific adherence instruments are available to completely evaluate medication and lifestyle for hypertensive patients. METHODS:  A multi-phase psychometric questionnaire development method was used to develop the instrument. The item pool was generated using literature review and focus group. Content validity was evaluated by expert panel. Then, the field testing was conducted by a convenience sampling of 278 hypertensive patients from December 2009 to May 2010 in Guangdong Province of China. Exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses were used to test construct validity. Finally, internal consistency and test-retest reliability were assessed. RESULTS:  The new measure consisted of six dimensions with 28 items, explaining 6254% of the total variance in the data. Confirmative factor analysis supported a good overall fit of the six-factor model. Cronbach's  of the overall questionnaire was 086 and 082 for test-retest reliability. CONCLUSIONS:  The questionnaire was a brief and psychometrically sound instrument to evaluate hypertensive patients' treatment adherence and to be applied in the research and clinical fields. 
AIMS: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the impact on dietary and activity habits of a non-intensive, community based lifestyle intervention for type 2 diabetes prevention, in high-risk Greek individuals. METHODS: A total of 191 high-risk persons were invited to participate in a one-year lifestyle intervention program, consisting of six bi-monthly sessions with a dietician. The dietary aims of the intervention were: reduction of saturated fat, sugars and refined cereals intake and at least five servings of fruits and vegetables, daily. Demographic, dietary, anthropometric, medical and biochemical indices were recorded at baseline and at the end of the intervention. RESULTS: The intervention was completed by 126 participants. At study end, participants reported decreased whole fat dairies and processed meats consumption (p=0.018 and 0.016, respectively), sugars (p=0.006) and refined cereals (p=0.045). Participants who improved their diet, decreased body weight (p=0.040), plasma triglycerides (p=0.020) and 2-h post-load plasma glucose (p=0.05) compared to those who had worsened their dietary habits. Total time spent daily on physical activity, remained unchanged throughout the intervention. CONCLUSIONS: The implementation of a group-based, non-intensive dietary counseling proved to be practical and feasible in "real-world" community settings and was accompanied by favorable dietary changes and health benefits. 
Preliminary evidence in support of fruit intake for the prevention of cardiovascular disease in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is still limited. The objective of this study was to evaluate the association between fruit consumption and cardiovascular risk factors such as carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) in patients with T2DM. In this cross-sectional study, 407 patients with T2DM were recruited from August 2007 to December 2009. Dietary assessment based on 3-day 24-hour recall interviews, hsCRP levels, and CIMT were examined. Participants were categorized into three tertiles based on fruit intake. Comparisons of the participants' clinical characteristics among the three categories were performed using either one-way analysis of variance or analysis of covariance. In patients with type 2 diabetes with CIMT 1 mm, the intake of fruit was lower (P=0.001), whereas the serum hsCRP level was higher (P<0.001) compared with patients showing CIMT <1 mm. Results of the multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that the odds ratios of CIMT and hsCRP were 8% and 31% lower, respectively, in participants in the top tertile compared with those in the lowest tertile (P=0.018 and P<0.001, respectively) after adjustment for potential confounders. Hence, a reduction in hsCRP concentration and CIMT were found to be associated with an increase in fruit intake. Sufficient daily intake of fruits should, therefore, be considered as an important component of a medical nutritional therapy strategy for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases in patients with T2DM.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of whole-blood fatty acids and reported intakes of fats with risk of prostate cancer (PCa). DESIGN: Case-control study of 209 men 40-80 years old with newly diagnosed, histologically confirmed prostate cancer and 226 cancer-free men attending the same urology clinics. Whole-blood fatty acid composition (mol%) was measured by gas chromatography and diet assessed by food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: High whole-blood oleic acid composition (tertile 3 vs. tertile 1: OR, 0.37; CI, 0.14-0.0.98) and moderate palmitic acid proportions (tertile 2: OR, 0.29; CI, 0.12-0.70) (tertile 3: OR, 0.53; CI, 0.19-1.54) were inversely related to risk of PCa, whereas men with high linolenic acid proportions were at increased likelihood of PCa (tertile 3 vs. tertile 1: OR, 2.06; 1.29-3.27). Blood myristic, stearic and palmitoleic acids were not associated with PCa. Higher intakes of dietary MUFA were inversely related to prostate cancer (tertile 3 vs. tertile 1: OR, 0.39; CI 0.16-0.92). The principal source of dietary MUFA was avocado intake. Dietary intakes of other fats were not associated with PCa. CONCLUSIONS: Whole-blood and dietary MUFA reduced the risk of prostate cancer. The association may be related to avocado intakes. High blood linolenic acid was directly related to prostate cancer. These associations warrant further investigation. 
The interactions between polyphenols, especially flavonoids and plasma proteins, have attracted great interest among researchers. Few papers, however, have focused on the structure-affinity relationship of polyphenols on their affinities for plasma proteins. The aim of this review is to give an overview of the research reports on the characterization, influence on the bioactivity, and the structure-affinity relationship for studying the affinities between polyphenols and plasma proteins. The molecular properties that influence the affinities of polyphenols for plasma proteins are the following: 1) One or more hydroxyl groups in the B-ring (e.g., 3',4' dihydroxylated B ring catechol group) of flavonoids enhanced the binding affinities to proteins. However, the hydroxyl group in the C-ring will weaken the binding interaction. 2) The presence of an unsaturated 2,3-bond in conjugation with a 4-carbonyl group, characteristic of flavonols structure, has been associated with stronger binding affinity with plasma proteins; 3) The glycosylation of flavonoids decreases the affinities for plasma proteins by 1-3 orders of magnitude depending on the conjugation site and the class of sugar moiety; 4) The methylation of hydroxyl groups in flavonoids slightly enhanced the affinities for plasma proteins by 2-16 times; 5) The galloylated catechins have higher binding affinities for plasma proteins than do non-galloylated catechins and the pyrogallol-type catechins have higher affinities than do the catechol-type catechins. The affinity of the catechin with 2,3-trans structure was lower than those of the catechin with 2,3-cis structure; 6) The gallotannins with more gallol groups presented a much higher percentage of binding to plasma proteins. -D-Gallotannin showed a greater affinity for plasma proteins than does the natural stereoisomer, -D-gallotannin; 7) The binding degree of chlorogenic acid with only one caffeoyl group was lower than the binding degrees of caffeoyl quinic acids with more caffeoyl groups. The methylation of phenolic acid decreased the affinity for BSA.
The present study used a systematic review approach to identify relevant randomised control trials (RCT) with vitamin D and then apply meta-regression to explore the most appropriate model of the vitamin D intake-serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) relationship to underpin setting reference intake values. Methods included an updated structured search on Ovid MEDLINE; rigorous inclusion/exclusion criteria; data extraction; and meta-regression (using different model constructs). In particular, priority was given to data from winter-based RCT performed at latitudes >495N (n 12). A combined weighted linear model meta-regression analyses of natural log (Ln) total vitamin D intake (i.e. diet and supplemental vitamin D) v. achieved serum 25(OH)D in winter (that used by the North American Dietary Reference Intake Committee) produced a curvilinear relationship (mean (95 % lower CI) serum 25(OH)D (nmol/l) = 92 (85) Ln (total vitamin D)). Use of non-transformed total vitamin D intake data (maximum 1400 IU/d; 35 g/d) provided for a more linear relationship (mean serum 25(OH)D (nmol/l) = 0044  (total vitamin D)+33035). Although inputting an intake of 600 IU/d (i.e. the RDA) into the 95 % lower CI curvilinear and linear models predicted a serum 25(OH)D of 544 and 552 nmol/l, respectively, the total vitamin D intake that would achieve 50 (and 40) nmol/l serum 25(OH)D was 359 (111) and 480 (260) IU/d, respectively. Inclusion of 95 % range in the model to account for inter-individual variability increased the predicted intake of vitamin D needed to maintain serum 25(OH)D  50 nmol/l to 930 IU/d. The model used to describe the vitamin D intake-status relationship needs to be considered carefully when setting new reference intake values in the Europe.
Uncertainty concerning the measurement error properties of self-reported diet has important implications for the reliability of nutritional epidemiology reports. Biomarkers based on the urinary recovery of expended nutrients can provide an objective measure of short-term nutrient consumption for certain nutrients and, when applied to a subset of a study cohort, can be used to calibrate corresponding self-report nutrient consumption assessments. A nonstandard measurement error model that makes provision for systematic error and subject-specific error, along with the usual independent random error, is needed for the self-report data. Three estimation procedures for hazard ratio (Cox model) parameters are extended for application to this more complex measurement error structure. These procedures are risk set regression calibration, conditional score, and nonparametric corrected score. An estimator for the cumulative baseline hazard function is also provided. The performance of each method is assessed in a simulation study. The methods are then applied to an example from the Women's Health Initiative Dietary Modification Trial.
Regular consumption of fruit and vegetables may be associated with decreased CVD risk. In the present study, we investigated the effects of blackcurrant (BC) juice, rich in polyphenols and ascorbic acid, on oxidative and inflammatory biomarkers in cultured macrophages in vitro and in human subjects with an atherosclerosis-prone phenotype (after consumption of a high-energy meal). In cultured macrophages (RAW264.7), BC treatment significantly inhibited lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation as indicated by lower mRNA levels of TNF-, IL-1 and inducible NO synthase (iNOS) and lower nuclear p65 levels indicating decreased NF-B activity. iNOS protein levels were lower and haem oxygenase 1 levels higher in BC-treated cells when compared with untreated controls. Subjects given a high-energy meal had elevated serum glucose and insulin levels with no significant difference between the BC-based juice and placebo treatment groups. TAG following meal ingestion tended to be attenuated after the BC treatment. Plasma ascorbic acid and radical-scavenging capacity were decreased following placebo meal consumption; however, BC significantly elevated both parameters compared with baseline and placebo ingestion. Plasma oxidised LDL, -tocopherol and paraoxonase activity were unchanged in both treatment groups. Furthermore, production of TNF- and IL-1 was not significantly changed by BC meal consumption. The present results suggest potential antioxidative and anti-inflammatory properties of BC in vitro in cultured macrophages. Although the observations were not directly transferable to a postprandial in vivo situation, the present results show that BC juice consumption may improve postprandial antioxidant status as indicated by higher ascorbic acid levels and free radical-scavenging capacity in plasma.
BACKGROUND: Despite its high content of saturated fatty acids, cheese does not seem to increase plasma total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations when compared with an equivalent intake of fat from butter. This effect may be due to the high calcium content of cheese, which results in a higher excretion of fecal fat. OBJECTIVES: The objective was to compare the effects of diets of equal fat content rich in either hard cheese or butter or a habitual diet on blood pressure and fasting serum blood lipids, C-reactive protein, glucose, and insulin. We also examined whether fecal fat excretion differs with the consumption of cheese or butter. DESIGN: The study was a randomized dietary intervention consisting of two 6-wk crossover periods and a 14-d run-in period during which the subjects consumed their habitual diet. The study included 49 men and women who replaced part of their habitual dietary fat intake with 13% of energy from cheese or butter. RESULTS: After 6 wk, the cheese intervention resulted in lower serum total, LDL-, and HDL-cholesterol concentrations and higher glucose concentrations than did the butter intervention. Cheese intake did not increase serum total or LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with the run-in period, during which total fat and saturated fat intakes were lower. Fecal fat excretion did not differ between the cheese and butter periods. CONCLUSION: Cheese lowers LDL cholesterol when compared with butter intake of equal fat content and does not increase LDL cholesterol compared with a habitual diet. This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01140165. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Prospective diet diaries may be more accurate than retrospective food frequency questionnaires (FFQ). The objective of this study was to compare FFQ and 7-day diet diary (7DD) measurements of fibre intake with the incidence of coronary heart disease (CHD). SUBJECTS/METHODS: We compared 7DD and FFQ fibre intake in a nested case-control study in a population of 25639 men and women aged 40-79 years, surveyed in 1993-97 and followed up until 2007. Among 2151 CHD cases and 5354 controls, FFQ and 7DD fibre intake (6g/day) was examined in relation to serum total cholesterol and CHD using linear and logistic regression adjusted for age and additionally for body mass index, physical activity, smoking status, family history of CHD, social class, diabetes, alcohol, energy, saturated fat and use of lipid lowering medication, antihypertensive medication or aspirin. RESULTS: Age-adjusted serum total cholesterol was inversely associated with 7DD fibre among men and women, but with FFQ fibre among men only. In the multivariate analysis, associations with 7DD fibre were attenuated among men (regression coefficient -0.036mmol/l, s.e. 0.021, P-value 0.087) and women (regression coefficient -0.069mmol/l, s.e. 0.036, P-value 0.053), and were non-significant for FFQ fibre. Among men, age-adjusted CHD risk was inversely associated with 7DD fibre (odds ratio (OR) 0.84, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.79-0.90), but not with FFQ fibre (OR 0.96, 95% CI 0.90-1.12). Among women, age-adjusted CHD risk was inversely associated with 7DD fibre (OR 0.83, 95% CI 0.75-0.93), and had a weaker inverse borderline-significant association with FFQ fibre (OR 0.93, 95% CI 0.87-1.01). Multivariate models yielded similar results. CONCLUSIONS: Inconsistencies in diet-CHD relationships in population studies may be associated with the use of different dietary assessment methods. 
Data on the fatty acid composition of the diet and that of the adipose tissue in broilers were collected from the literature. The linear regression between the dietary and the adipose tissue unsaturated to saturated fatty acids ratio (U/S ratio) was calculated because the U/S ratio of adipose tissue fat determines its melting point, which is an indicator of the consistency of poultry fat. For 54 data points from three different experiments, the linear correlation coefficient of the relationship between dietary and adipose tissue U/S ratio was 0.77. The regression equation for linoleic acid in adipose tissue as a function of dietary linoleic acid was calculated. The linoleic acid content of adipose tissue was expressed as weight percentage of total fatty acids. Intake was expressed as either weight percentage of total fatty acids or as energy percentage of total dietary metabolizable energy. The linear correlation coefficients were 0.68 and 0.78 as based on 116 or 91 data points from 15 or 12 different experiments. Significant correlations were also found for -linolenic acid. The linoleic acid content of adipose tissue was found to be correlated (r=0.87) for 25 data points with that in consumable broiler meat, which may affect serum cholesterol concentrations in humans. With the help of the regression formulas presented it may be possible to formulate broiler diets in relation to consumer health and product quality.
To establish the relationships between the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue in growing pigs and the intake of fatty acids, we performed a feeding trial and did a literature survey. Six groups of pigs were fed diets with variable combinations of corn, linseed and fish oil. After 38 days, biopsies of adipose tissue were analyzed for their contents of linoleic, -linolenic, eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid. For the four fatty acids, intake data and adipose tissue levels were also collected from the literature. Linear correlations were computed for the intake of each polyunsaturated fatty acid and its level in adipose tissue, the data set consisting of either the original results only or combined with literature figures. The observed strong correlations between dietary and fat tissue polyunsaturated fatty acids indicate that the fatty acid composition of the diet may be used as an index of the fatty acid composition of the diet, and vice versa. The regression equations presented can be used to steer the fatty acid composition of adipose tissue of growing pigs by the fatty acid composition of their diet.
The colour of bovine subcutaneous (sc) adipose tissue (carcass fat) depends on the age, gender and breed of cattle. Diet is the most important extrinsic factor but its influence depends on the duration of feeding. Cattle produced under extensive grass-based production systems generally have carcass fat which is more yellow than their intensively-reared, concentrate-fed counterparts and this is caused by carotenoids from green forage. Although yellow carcass fat is negatively regarded in many countries, evidence suggests it may be associated with a healthier fatty acid profile and antioxidant content in beef, synonymous with grass feeding. Nonetheless, management strategies to reduce fat colour of grass-fed cattle are sought after. Current research suggests that yellow colour of this tissue is reduced if pasture-fed cattle are converted to a grain-based diet, which results in accretion of adipose tissue and dilution of carotenoids. Colour changes may depend on the initial yellow colour, the carotene and utilisable energy in the finishing diet, the duration of finishing, the amount of fat accumulated during finishing and the rate of utilisation of carotene from body fat. Differences in nutritional strategies which cause differences in fatty acid composition may be reflected by differences in fat colour and carotenoid concentration. Fat colour and carotenoids are prominent among a panoply of measurements which can aid the authentication of the dietary history and thus to some extent, the origin of beef, although this potential utility is complicated by the simultaneous rather than discrete use of forages and concentrates in real production systems.
Obesity is a strong risk factor for the development of CVD, hypertension and type 2 diabetes. The overall goal of the present pilot study was to feed strawberries, in the form of freeze-dried powder, to obese subjects to determine whether dietary strawberries beneficially altered lipid profiles and reduced blood markers of inflammation compared with a control intervention. A total of twenty healthy subjects (thirteen females and seven males) aged between 20 and 50 years with a BMI between 30 and 40kg/m2 completed the present 7-week double-blind, randomised, cross-over trial. Each subject received a prepared diet 7d/week for 7 weeks consisting of approximately 35% of energy from fat, 20% protein, 45% carbohydrate and 14g fibre. Blood was collected on days 1 and 8 for baseline information. After the first week, subjects were randomly assigned to the strawberry powder (equivalent to four servings of frozen strawberries) or control (strawberry-flavoured) intervention for 3 weeks. For the remaining 3 weeks, subjects crossed over to the opposite intervention. Blood was collected again at the end of weeks 3, 4, 6 and 7. A comprehensive chemistry panel, lipid profile analyses and measurement of inflammatory mediators were performed for each blood draw. A 3-week dietary intervention with strawberry powder reduced plasma concentrations of cholesterol and small HDL-cholesterol particles, and increased LDL particle size in obese subjects (P<005). Dietary strawberry powder reduced risk factors for CVD, stroke and diabetes in obese volunteers, suggesting a potential role for strawberries as a dietary means to decrease obesity-related disease.
The objective of this study was to evaluate daily intake of minerals and concentrations of minerals in hair in women of reproductive age. The study included 77 menstruating women, aged 35.99.7years. Subjects were divided into three groups according to age. All women were healthy. Hair samples were taken from several points of the occipital scalp. The content of minerals in hair samples was determined by flame atomic absorption spectrometry. Dietary intake of the analysed minerals was assayed on the basis of dietary intake interviews from three preceding days and evaluated using the dietetic computer programme. It was shown that calcium and iron daily intake by the women was below the recommended value. Only few women had low concentrations (below reference values) of magnesium, copper and zinc in hair. Statistically significant differences were shown between age groups. Generally, the concentrations of minerals in hair in the younger (19-30years) and the older women (41-50years) were higher than in hair of middle-aged women (31-40years). The content of calcium, magnesium, iron and zinc in daily diets of women correlated inversely with copper level in their hair. Food products with good bioavailability of iron and calcium should be recommended for women of childbearing age in all age groups.
INTRODUCTION: Although vitamin D deficiency has a high worldwide prevalence among the general population, very little is known about vitamin status in athletes. AIM: To investigate serum vitamin D (25[OH]D) levels after wintertime in male elite basketball players, and to relate these levels to the dietary intake of vitamin D and calcium. METHODS: Subjects were 21 players from the same professional Spanish team. Blood samples to assess 25(OH)D levels were collected after wintertime during the 2008/2009 (April) and 2009/2010 (March) seasons. In addition, athletes completed 4-day dietary records to estimate energy consumption and a food frequency questionnaire to determine dietary vitamin D and calcium intake. Serum 25(OH)D levels were 47.821.8 nmol/L, with twelve subjects (57%) being vitamin D deficient (<50 nmol/L). RESULTS: Vitamin D intake was 13978 IU/day and calcium intake was 948419 mg/day. Serum 25(OH)D levels correlated with the daily dietary intake of vitamin D (r=0.65; P=0.001) and calcium (r=0.82; P<0.001). CONCLUSION: Professional basketball players are at higher risk of hypovitaminosis D after wintertime. Adequate intake of dietary calcium and vitamin D is required if athletes are to avoid low serum 25(OH)D levels when exposure to sunlight is limited. 
This work sought to evaluate the effects of chronic intake of flaxseed upon hematologic parameters and immunological findings on body development of Wistar rats. Female Wistar rats were used after gestation. They were randomly assigned into two groups during lactation period: Control group (CG), fed with casein based diet, made up of 17% protein and flaxseed group (FG), fed with casein based diet with the addition of 25% flaxseed. At weaning, 12 male pups of each group continued to receive the experimental diets of their mothers (with only 10% of protein) until adult age, when they were killed at 250 days of life aiming at blood collection. At 250 days old FG presented significant reduction in body mass (p<0.000) and higher levels of hemoglobin (p=0.019) and albumin (p=0.030) than CG. It was observed smaller percentage of segmented lymphocytes (p=0.016) in rats from FG and bigger percentage of segmented leucocytes (p=0.023) when compared to CG. The chronic consumption of flaxseed altered hematologic and immunological indicators in adult Wistar rats. Supplementation with flaxseed seems to be beneficial to maintenance or reduction of body mass.
Long-term consumption of walnuts is associated with lower cardiovascular disease risk in epidemiological studies, possibly through improvements in lipid profile and endothelial function. It remains to be elucidated how soon after initiation of walnut consumption beneficial effects on lipid profile and biomarkers of inflammation or vascular injury can be observed. Fifteen obese subjects (9 men and 6 women; age, 58  2.5 years; body mass index, 36.6  1.7 kg/m(2)) with the metabolic syndrome participated as inpatients in a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled crossover study involving short-term placebo or walnut-enriched diet (48 g/d for 4 days). Apolipoproteins and markers of inflammation and vascular injury were measured before and after consumption of the experimental diets. Consumption of walnuts was associated with a statistically significant increase in serum apolipoprotein A concentrations (P = .03), but did not affect circulating levels of fetuin A, resistin, C-reactive protein, serum amyloid A, soluble intercellular adhesion molecules 1 and 3, soluble vascular cell adhesion protein 1, interleukins 6 and 8, tumor necrosis factor , E-selectin, P-selectin, and thrombomodulin. Four days of walnut consumption (48 g/d) leads to mild increases in apolipoprotein A concentrations, changes that may precede and lead to the beneficial effects of walnuts on lipid profile in obese subjects with the metabolic syndrome.
Leprosy is a dermato-neurological disease caused by Mycobacterium leprae infection that manifests across a wide range of clinical and immunological outcomes. Diagnosis is still currently based on clinical manifestations and simple tests are needed. This study investigated whether biomarkers induced by defined M. leprae proteins in 24-h whole blood assays (WBA) could discriminate active leprosy patients from at-risk contacts. Newly diagnosed, untreated paucibacillary (PB; tuberculoid leprosy/borderline tuberculoid [TT/BT]) and multibacillary (MB; borderline lepromatous/lepromatous leprosy [BL/LL]) leprosy patients, as well as healthy household contacts (HHC) of MB patients, were recruited in central western Brazil (Goinia/Gois). Cell-based responses to the ML0276, ML1623, ML0405, ML1632, 92f, and ML1011 antigens were measured by Luminex 14-plex assays detecting eotaxin, IFN, IL-2, IL-4, IL-5, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12p70, IL-15, IL-17A, IL-23, IL-31, IP-10, and TNF. Our data reinforce that IFN is currently the best indicator of the antigen-specific cellular immune response of TT/BT leprosy and demonstrate that the same antigens promote the secretion of IL-4 in blood from BL/LL leprosy patients. While none of the biomarkers tested could discriminate leprosy patients from HHC, our data indicate that, although most HHC antigen-specific responses are qualitatively similar to TT/BT patients, some HHC can respond similarly to BL/LL patients.
OBJECTIVE: To validate the Pelvic Organ Prolapse/Urinary Incontinence Sexual Questionnaire short form (PISQ-12) in a Chinese population. METHODS: The PISQ-12 was translated into Chinese; 106 women with pelvic floor disorders then completed the questionnaire and the 12-item short-form health survey (SF-12). The reliability and validity of the PISQ-12 were analyzed. RESULTS: The PISQ-12 had an adequate and high internal consistency (Cronbach =0.725) and a high test-retest reliability (intraclass correlation coefficient coefficient=0.745; P<0.01). Scoring of the PISQ-12 was positively correlated with that of the SF-12 (P<0.01). Factor analysis showed strong construct validity. CONCLUSION: The Chinese version of the PISQ-12 has a high reliability and validity in the Chinese population and, therefore, is highly recommended for clinical treatment and research. 
OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that a high-fat (HF) diet aggravates ovariectomy-related complications. To test this hypothesis, ovariectomized (OVX) mice were fed a HF diet, and we investigated the lipid metabolism, adipose tissue remodeling, adipokines, and inflammatory cytokines. METHODS: To investigate the situation in a mouse model of ovariectomy, OVX and SHAM C57BL/6 mice fed a HF diet (60% fat) or standard chow (SC, 10% fat) were monitored for 18 wk. We evaluated daily food intake and weekly body weight. Mice were killed at 30 wk of age. Blood samples and adipose tissue were collected for biochemical, histologic, and molecular analysis. RESULTS: OVX groups showed atrophied uterus compared to the SHAM groups, ensuring the success of surgically induced menopause. Despite lower food intake, OVX-HF mice gained about 52% more weight and had heavier total body fats, especially in relation to ovarian fat pad (372%)-a visceral fat which is associated with increased pathogenicity in obesity, and showed larger adipocytes (30%) when compared to OVX-SC mice. Biochemical analysis showed that the OVX-HF mice had increased levels of serum total cholesterol (51%), greater serum triglycerides (158%), lower serum adiponectin (40%), and higher plasma leptin (323%) than OVX-SC mice. The obese group (OVX-HF) also had higher IL-6 levels than both SHAM-HF (241%) and OVX-SC mice (870%). CONCLUSION: OVX C57BL/6 mice fed HF diet had greater adipose fat pad, larger adipocytes, and increased inflammatory markers, reinforcing the idea that a HF diet aggravates the complications of ovariectomy-associated inflammation. 
OBJECTIVES: In the present study, we aimed to assess bone status and the effect of gluten-free diet (GFD) in children with celiac disease (CD), and to evaluate the predictive value of standard serum biochemical indices in the diagnosis of bone mineral density (BMD) disturbances. METHODS: Forty-five children at the time of diagnosis of CD (group A, 77.8% girls) and 36 children receiving GFD for >2 years (group B, 75% girls) were included. Sixteen children in group A were reexamined 12 months after initiation of GFD. Serum measurements of biochemical bone health indices and BMD, assessed by dual x-ray absorptiometry, were obtained. RESULTS: Patients after 1 year of receiving GFD had higher BMD z scores compared with baseline (-1.45  0.28 vs -0.61  0.25, respectively, P = 0.004). BMD z scores were significantly lower than expected for the normal population, after 1 (P = 0.03) or at least 2 (P < 0.001) years of receiving GFD. In group B, BMD z score was positively correlated with 25-hydroxy vitamin D levels (P = 0.009). In the repeated measurements group, 25-hydroxy vitamin D differed between pre- and post-GFD (P = 0.018). No biochemical index was capable of predicting an abnormal BMD z score (receiver operating characteristic curve analysis, all of the areas under the curve <0.66). CONCLUSIONS: GFD has a beneficial effect on bone health. Two years receiving diet do not ensure normalization. Biochemical markers are not indicative of BMD disturbances. Dual x-ray absorptiometry should be included in the standard management of children with CD. 
BACKGROUND: Seafood intake is associated with beneficial effects for human health. Seafood provides a number of nutrients beyond the traditionally known long chain marine n-3 fatty acids EPA, DPA and DHA, such as protein, vitamin D, iodine, selenium and vitamin B12. Valid assessment of dietary seafood and n-3 supplement intakes are becoming increasingly crucial when giving recommendations to populations as seafood consumption is regarded as an important part of a healthy and balanced diet. METHODS: The aim was to validate a short FFQ developed for assessment of dietary intake of seafood and n-3 supplements using the biomarkers marine n-3 fatty acids in erythrocytes and 25(OH)D in serum. RESULTS: Fifty-three healthy Norwegians aged 30-64 years with a mean BMI of 25 kg/m2 were compliant with the study protocol. 70% reported eating seafood for dinner one to two times per week, and 45% reported to eat seafood as spread, in salads or as snack meal three to five times or more per week. The FFQ correlated significantly with both the levels of marine n-3 fatty acids (r=0.73, p<0.0001) and with 25(OH)D (r=0.37, p<0.01). Mean level of marine n-3 and of 25(OH)D were 23265 g/g erythrocytes and 7333 nmol/L serum, respectively. CONCLUSION: The present short FFQ predicted strongly the levels of marine n-3 fatty acids in erythrocytes, and predicted fairly good the level of serum 25(OH)D and may therefore be a valid method for assessment of seafood and n-3 supplements intake among adults. 
Different Islamic populations have different alimentary habits, notably during Ramadan. The paper reports the change of diet, lipids, and lipoproteins produced during Ramadan in one Tunisian population. During Ramadan, the study subjects consumed more proteins, cholesterol, vitamin E (p<0.01), and polyunsaturated fatty acids (p<0.05). At the same time, they exhibited an increase in total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (p<0.01) and apoprotein B (p<0.05) and a decrease in the ratio of apoprotein AI to apoprotein B (p<0.01). All assayed saturated fatty acids were unaffected by Ramadan fasting while three unsaturated fatty acids (C18:1cis9, C18:2n-6, and C30:4n-6) increased significantly. A return to the habitual diet for a four-week period was not sufficient to restore the pre-fasting patterns. For the study subjects, Ramadan was clearly associated with a change of diet and biochemical profile but its effective impact on atherosclerosis risk was unclear, perhaps, because other non-alimentary changes ought to be considered too. Future studies considering the no-alimentary factors, such as sleep and physical activity, would be useful to clarify the contribution of dietary change in the observed modification of biological profile.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Fiber-rich diets have been proposed to lower circulating levels of inflammatory makers. Our objective was to investigate cross-sectional relationships between fiber intake and plasma fibrinogen. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We examined the relationship between plasma fibrinogen and dietary fiber in 20,960 men and women, aged 45-75 years old, living in Norfolk, U.K. Fiber intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Mean fibrinogen levels were lower across the increasing quartiles of the fiber intake after adjusting for age, sex, body mass index, physical activity, smoking status and alcohol consumption, and total calories, percentage of energy intake from carbohydrate, protein and fat, with a difference of 0.08g/l fibrinogen between first and fourth quartiles (P for trend <0.001) for the whole population. When categorized by sex, the results for men were the same and for women, the results failed to be significant. In linear regression models, fibrinogen levels were significantly related to fiber intake for the whole population (-0.056g/l, s.e.=0.012 per 10g increase in fiber intake, P<0.001), but although the relations were in the same direction after adjusting for the same covariates above, they failed to be significant when smokers or women not using post-menopause hormone therapy were separately considered. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma fibrinogen levels appear to be inversely related to dietary fiber intake in middle-aged and older men and women. 
BACKGROUND: Endothelial dysfunction has been proposed as the underlying cause of diabetic angiopathy that eventually leads to cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in diabetes. We recently demonstrated the ameliorating effect of regular vitamin D intake on the glycemic status of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). In this study, the effects of improvement of vitamin D status on glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects were investigated. METHODS: Subjects with T2D were randomly allocated to one of the two groups to receive either plain yogurt drink (PYD; containing 170 mg calcium and no vitamin D/250 mL, n1 = 50) or vitamin D3-fortified yogurt drink (FYD; containing 170 mg calcium and 500 IU/250 mL, n2 = 50) twice a day for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measures, glycemic status, lipid profile, body fat mass (FM) and endothelial biomarkers including serum endothelin-1, E-selectin and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9 were evaluated at the beginning and after the 12-week intervention period. RESULTS: The intervention resulted in a significant improvement in fasting glucose, the Quantitative Insulin Check Index (QUICKI), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), triacylglycerols, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), endothelin-1, E-selectin and MMP-9 in FYD compared to PYD (P < 0.05, for all). Interestingly, difference in changes of endothelin-1, E-selectin and MMP-9 concentrations in FYD compared to PYD (-0.35  0.63 versus -0.03  0.55, P = 0.028; -3.8  7.3 versus 0.95  8.3, P = 0.003 and -2.3  3.7 versus 0.44  7.1 ng/mL, respectively, P < 0.05 for all), even after controlling for changes of QUICKI, FM and waist circumference, remained significant for endothelin-1 and MMP-9 (P = 0.009 and P = 0.005, respectively) but disappeared for E-selectin (P = 0.092). On the contrary, after controlling for serum 25(OH)D, the differences disappeared for endothelin-1(P = 0.066) and MMP-9 (P = 0.277) but still remained significant for E-selectin (P = 0.011). CONCLUSIONS: Ameliorated vitamin D status was accompanied by improved glycemic status, lipid profile and endothelial biomarkers in T2D subjects. Our findings suggest both direct and indirect ameliorating effects of vitamin D on the endothelial biomarkers. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01236846. 
This study investigated the effects of freeze-dried cranberry powder on anti-inflammation and lipid profiles of lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-treated rats fed an atherogenic diet for 6 weeks. Forty Sprague-Dawley male rats (6-weeks-old) were equally divided into the following five groups: 1) normal diet group + saline (NC); 2) atherogenic diet + saline (HFC); 3) atherogenic diet + LPS (HL); 4) atherogenic diet with 5% cranberry power + LPS (C5); 5) atherogenic diet with 10% cranberry power + LPS (C10). LPS (0.5 mg/kg) was injected into the abdominal cavities of rats 18 hours prior to sacrifice. At the end of the experimental period, we measured serum lipid profiles as well as levels of serum C-reactive protein (CRP), nitric oxide (NO), and pro-inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), interleukin (IL)-1, IL-6, and IL-10 as an anti-inflammatory cytokine. The mean serum high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol level in C5 rats was significantly higher than that in NC and HL rats (P < 0.05). The mean serum levels of CRP and IL-1 were significantly lower (P < 0.05) in the cranberry powder groups compared to those in HL rats. Additionally, mean serum IL-6 levels tended to be lower in the cranberry groups than that in the HL group, whereas serum IL-10 and NO showed 29% and 88% higher mean values in the C5 group and 49% and 24% higher in the C10 group than those in the HL group, respectively. These results suggest that freeze-dried cranberry powder may have beneficial effects on cardiovascular diseases by modifying serum lipids and the early inflammatory response.
Obesity-prone (OP) and obesity-resistant (OR) rats with different responses to development of obesity in spite of the same genetic background are useful animal models for searching for markers during the development of obesity. Here, we investigated whether plasma proteins of OP and OR rats may behave in a different way in males and females. We performed a comparative proteomic analysis using 2-DE combined with MALDI-TOF/MS on proteins from OP and OR male and female rats to discover gender-specific rat plasma proteins associated with susceptibility or resistance to diet-induced obesity. A total of 29 proteins showing differential expression between the groups were identified by MALDI-TOF/MS and database searches. These proteins were classified into 4 groups according to their regulation patterns in response to diet and gender. 22 proteins showed significant differences between OP and OR rats in males and/or females (Group I, II, and III) and 7 proteins exhibited only a high fat diet (HFD)-responsive difference in male or female rats (Group IV). In conclusion, the proteins negatively (ITIH3, FGG, TUBB5, and ZAG) or positively (Hp, ITIH4, and RBP) correlated with obesity found in this study could be used for selection of new targets for gender specific-medical treatment of obesity.
OBJECTIVE: Chronic inflammation plays a role in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Complement component 3 (C3) is a novel cardiometabolic risk factor. Whether dietary fat intake modulates MetS risk conferred by elevated C3 concentrations is unknown. Our objective is to investigate the relationship between C3 concentrations and risk of the MetS and its phenotypes, and to further examine whether dietary fat intake modulates these relationships. METHODS: Biochemical, dietary and lifestyle measurements were determined in the LIPGENE-SU.VI.MAX study of MetS cases and matched controls (n=1754). RESULTS: Elevated C3 concentrations (>median) were associated with increased risk of impaired insulin sensitivity [OR 1.78, CI 1.34-2.36, P<0.0001], insulin resistance [OR 1.73, CI 1.31-2.89, P=0.0001], abdominal obesity [OR 2.15, CI 1.43-3.24, P=0.0002] and low HDL cholesterol [OR 1.40, CI 1.05-1.86, P=0.02] compared to low C3 concentrations. Increased MetS risk conferred by elevated C3 concentrations [OR 3.11, 95% CI 2.52-3.82, P<0.0001] was further accentuated among high dietary fat consumers [OR 4.80, 95% CI 2.77-8.33, P<0.0001] (particularly of saturated [OR 4.05, 95% CI 2.33-7.05, P<0.0001] and monounsaturated fat [OR 4.48, 95% CI 2.62-7.56, P<0.0001]), and smokers [OR 3.83, 95% CI 2.12-6.94, P<0.0001], however this effect was abolished in abdominally lean individuals [OR 1.46, 95% CI 0.69-3.14, P=0.33]. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary fat (intake and composition), abdominal obesity and smoking modulate the relationship between elevated plasma C3 concentrations and MetS risk. 
BACKGROUND: Alcohol is heavily consumed in sub-Saharan Africa and affects HIV transmission and treatment and is difficult to measure. Our goal was to examine the test characteristics of a direct metabolite of alcohol consumption, phosphatidylethanol (PEth). METHODS: Persons infected with HIV were recruited from a large HIV clinic in southwestern Uganda. We conducted surveys and breath alcohol concentration (BRAC) testing at 21 daily home or drinking establishment visits, and blood was collected on day 21 (n = 77). PEth in whole blood was compared with prior 7-, 14-, and 21-day alcohol consumption. RESULTS: (i) The receiver operator characteristic area under the curve (ROC-AUC) was highest for PEth versus any consumption over the prior 21 days (0.92; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.86 to 0.97). The sensitivity for any detectable PEth was 88.0% (95% CI: 76.0 to 95.6) and the specificity was 88.5% (95% CI: 69.8 to 97.6). (ii) The ROC-AUC of PEth versus any 21-day alcohol consumption did not vary with age, body mass index, CD4 cell count, hepatitis B virus infection, and antiretroviral therapy status, but was higher for men compared with women (p = 0.03). (iii) PEth measurements were correlated with several measures of alcohol consumption, including number of drinking days in the prior 21 days (Spearman r = 0.74, p < 0.001) and BRAC (r = 0.75, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The data add support to the body of evidence for PEth as a useful marker of alcohol consumption with high ROC-AUC, sensitivity, and specificity. Future studies should further address the period and level of alcohol consumption for which PEth is detectable. 
Nonnutritive sweeteners have been used to lower the energy density of foods with the intention of affecting weight loss or weight maintenance. However, some epidemiological and animal evidence indicates an association between weight gain or insulin resistance and artificial sweetener consumption. In the present study, we hypothesized that the nonnutritive sweetener sucralose, a trichlorinated sucrose molecule, would elicit responses similar to water but different from sucrose and sucrose combined with sucralose on subjective and hormonal indications of hunger and short-term glucose homeostasis. Eight female volunteers (body mass index, 22.16  1.71 kg/m(2); age, 21.75  2.25 years) consumed sucrose and/or sucralose in water in a factorial design. Blood samples were taken at fasting and 30 and 60 minutes after treatment followed by a standardized breakfast across treatments, and blood samples were taken 30, 60, 90, and 120 minutes after breakfast. Plasma was analyzed for glucose, insulin, glucagon, triacylglycerols (TAG), and acylated ghrelin. Perceptions of hunger and other subjective measurements were assessed before each blood sample. No differences were detected in subjective responses, circulating triacylglycerol, or glucagon concentrations among treatments over time. Significant differences were observed in insulin, glucose, and acylated ghrelin concentrations over time only between sucrose-containing treatments and non-sucrose-containing treatments regardless of sucralose consumption. Therefore, sucralose may be a relatively inert nonnutritive sweetener with regard to hunger signaling and short-term glucose homeostasis.
OBJECTIVES: Limited information exists on the validity of dietary information given by elderly people on their past diet. Here we test the relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire asking older persons about their midlife diet. DESIGN: Retrospective food intake of 56-72-year-old subjects was estimated using a food frequency questionnaire designed for the AGES-Reykjavik Study (AGES-FFQ), an epidemiological study of older individuals. Results were compared with detailed dietary data gathered from the same individuals 18-19 years previously, i.e., in midlife, as part of a national cohort. Spearman correlation and cross-classifications were used to assess the ability of the AGES-FFQ to rank subjects according to their intake. SETTING: Nationwide, Iceland. PARTICIPANTS: Subjects, born 1937-1952 (n=174), who participated in the 1990 Icelandic National Dietary Survey. MEASUREMENTS: Dietary intake, estimated by the AGES-FFQ (2008-2009), and dietary history obtained from the 1990 Icelandic National Dietary Survey as a reference method. RESULTS: The strongest correlation between the AGES-FFQ and the reference method was found for cod liver oil, r=0.53, p<0.001 and r=0.56, p<0.001, for men and women, respectively. For men the corresponding correlation coefficient for milk and dairy products was r=0.43, p<0.001. The correlation coefficients were lower but within a reasonably acceptable range (r=0.26-0.40) for meat, fish and potatoes for both genders, as well as fresh fruits and milk/dairy products for women and whole-wheat bread, oatmeal/muesli and blood/liver-sausage for men. No correlation was found between the AGES-FFQ and the dietary history for rye bread and vegetable consumption. Subjects were categorized into five groups according to level of consumption by the two methods. Cross-classification showed that 16-59% were classified into same group and 43-91% into same or adjacent group, 0-14% were grossly misclassified into opposite groups. CONCLUSION: The AGES-FFQ on midlife diet was found suitable to rank individuals by their intake of several important food groups. 
BACKGROUND: Small-scale, short-term intervention studies have suggested that plasma alkylresorcinol (AR) concentrations may be biomarkers of whole grain (WG) wheat and rye intakes. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether plasma AR concentrations reflect self-reported WG food intake in a 16-wk WG intervention study and to establish which phenotypic characteristics influence plasma AR concentrations. DESIGN: In a randomized parallel-group dietary intervention study, 316 overweight and obese participants with a WG intake of <30 g/d were recruited and randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups: control (no dietary change), intervention 1 (60 g WG/d for 16 wk), or intervention 2 (60 g WG/d for 8 wk followed by 120 g WG/d for 8 wk). Fasting blood samples were collected at baseline, 8 wk, and 16 wk for the measurement of plasma lipids and ARs. RESULTS: Plasma samples from 266 study completers were analyzed. Total plasma AR concentrations increased with the WG intervention and could be used to distinguish between control subjects and those who consumed 60 or 120 g WG, but not between those who consumed 60 and 120 g WG. Plasma AR concentrations were higher in men, were positively associated with plasma triglyceride concentrations, and were negatively associated with nonesterified fatty acids. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma AR concentrations were correlated with WG intake and could be used to distinguish between low- and high-WG consumers. Sex and plasma lipid concentrations independently influenced plasma AR concentrations, although plasma triglycerides may explain higher concentrations in men. This trial is registered as ISRCT no. 83078872. 
BACKGROUND: Cadmium is a widespread environmental pollutant with adverse effects on kidneys and bone, but with insufficiently elucidated public health consequences such as risk of end-stage renal diseases, fractures and cancer. Urinary cadmium is considered a valid biomarker of lifetime kidney accumulation from overall cadmium exposure and thus used in the assessment of cadmium-induced health effects. We aimed to assess the relationship between dietary cadmium intake assessed by analyses of duplicate food portions and cadmium concentrations in urine and blood, taking the toxicokinetics of cadmium into consideration. METHODS: In a sample of 57 non-smoking Swedish women aged 20-50 years, we assessed Pearson's correlation coefficients between: 1) Dietary intake of cadmium assessed by analyses of cadmium in duplicate food portions collected during four consecutive days and cadmium concentrations in urine, 2) Partial correlations between the duplicate food portions and urinary and blood cadmium concentrations, respectively, and 3) Model-predicted urinary cadmium concentration predicted from the dietary intake using a one-compartment toxicokinetic model (with individual data on age, weight and gastrointestinal cadmium absorption) and urinary cadmium concentration. RESULTS: The mean concentration of cadmium in urine was 0.18 (+/- s.d.0.12) g/g creatinine and the model-predicted urinary cadmium concentration was 0.19 (+/- s.d.0.15) g/g creatinine. The partial Pearson correlations between analyzed dietary cadmium intake and urinary cadmium or blood concentrations were r = 0.43 and 0.42, respectively. The correlation between diet and urinary cadmium increased to r = 0.54 when using a one-compartment model with individual gastrointestinal cadmium absorption coefficients based on the women's iron status. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that measured dietary cadmium intake can reasonably well predict biomarkers of both long-term kidney accumulation (urine) and short-term exposure (blood). The predictions are improved when taking data on the iron status into account. 
Though adolescents consume more fructose than any other age group, the relationship between fructose consumption and markers of cardiometabolic risk has not been established in this population. We determined associations of total fructose intake (free fructose plus one-half the intake of free sucrose) with cardiometabolic risk factors and type of adiposity in 559 adolescents aged 14-18 y. Fasting blood samples were measured for glucose, insulin, lipids, adiponectin, and C-reactive protein. Diet was assessed with 4-7 24-h recalls and physical activity (PA) was determined by accelerometry. Fat-free soft tissue (FFST) mass and fat mass were measured by DXA. The s.c. abdominal adipose tissue (SAAT) and visceral adipose tissue (VAT) were assessed using MRI. Multiple linear regression, adjusting for age, sex, race, Tanner stage, FFST mass, fat mass, PA, energy intake, fiber intake, and socioeconomic status, revealed that fructose intake was associated with VAT ( = 0.13; P = 0.03) but not SAAT (P = 0.15). Significant linear upward trends across tertiles of fructose intake were observed for systolic blood pressure, fasting glucose, HOMA-IR, and C-reactive protein after adjusting for the same covariates (all P-trend < 0.04). Conversely, significant linear downward trends across tertiles of fructose intake were observed for plasma HDL-cholesterol and adiponectin (both P-trend < 0.03). When SAAT was added as a covariate, these trends persisted (all P-trend < 0.05). However, when VAT was included as a covariate, it attenuated these trends (all P-trend > 0.05). In adolescents, higher fructose consumption is associated with multiple markers of cardiometabolic risk, but it appears that these relationships are mediated by visceral obesity.
Independent association between legume intake and systemic inflammation is not well documented. The traditional Iranian diet provides an opportunity to assess the association between legume intake and health outcomes. This study was carried out to examine legume consumption in relation to serum concentrations of adhesion molecules and inflammatory biomarkers among Iranian women. In this cross-sectional study, 486 Tehrani female teachers were investigated. A trained dietitian administered a validated semiquantitative FFQ for assessment of usual dietary intakes. Legume intake was calculated by summing up the consumption of lentils, peas, chickpeas, different kinds of beans including broad beans, and chickling vetch. To measure serum concentrations of adhesion molecules and inflammatory biomarkers, a fasting blood sample was taken. After statistically controlling for potential confounders, individuals in the highest tertile of legume intake had lower serum concentrations of E-selectin (percent difference between the lowest and highest tertile: -14.1%; P = 0.04), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (-20.3%; P < 0.01), and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (-15.6%; P = 0.01) compared with those in the lowest tertile. Legume intake was inversely associated with serum concentrations of high sensitive CRP (hs-CRP), TNF, and IL-6, even after controlling for potential confounders and dietary variables (percent difference between the lowest and highest tertile for hs-CRP: -39.2%, P < 0.001; for TNF: -15.9%, P = 0.04; and for IL-6: -39.5%, P < 0.01). Legume intake and concentrations of serum amyloid A were not correlated. Legume consumption is inversely associated with serum concentrations of adhesion molecules and inflammatory biomarkers among Iranian women.
This study was conducted to evaluate the effects of Echinacea purpurea (EP) on growth and some hematological and blood biochemical indices of rainbow trout fingerlings. A basal diet was supplemented with 0 (control), 0.25, 0.5, 1, and 2 g EP kg to formulate five experimental diets. Each diet was randomly allocated to triplicate groups of fish with an initial average weight of approximately 8 g. After 8 weeks of feeding trial, fish fed diets with 0.25 and 0.5 g EP kg showed highest final weight and SGR and fish fed with the control diet indicated the lowest final weight and SGR. There was a significant (P < 0.05) decrease in FCR between the control group and the groups fed with diets of 0.25 and 0.5 g EP kg. Biochemical parameters such as serum total protein content, albumin content, globulin content, and albumin/globulin ratio in the fish were evaluated. There were significant differences between hematological parameters including RBC, WBC, HB, lymphocyte, and neutrophil percentage in fish fed with dietary nucleotide compared with control treatment (P < 0.05). The results suggest that EP administration at 0.25 and 0.5 g EP kg exerted positive effects on growth and biochemical and hematological indices in rainbow trout.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the effects of increases in dietary intake of polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids on plasma lipid and lipoprotein concentrations and activity of associated enzymes in healthy domestic cats. ANIMALS: 16 healthy adult sexually intact female cats. PROCEDURES: A baseline diet (40% energy from fat) and 4 test diets, with increased amounts of fat (51% and 66% energy from fat) from the addition of polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids, were fed for 6 weeks each. Plasma cholesterol, triglyceride, and lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, along with activities of lipoprotein lipase, hepatic lipase, and lecithin-cholesterol acyl transferase, were measured at the end of each feeding period. RESULTS: Diet, amount of fat, or ratio of polyunsaturated to saturated fatty acids had no effect on plasma concentrations of cholesterol, triglycerides, and very-low-density or high-density lipoproteins or the activity of lecithin-cholesterol acyl transferase. Low-density lipoprotein concentrations were significantly lower in cats fed a high-fat diet containing polyunsaturated fatty acids. Lipoprotein concentration and hepatic lipase activity were significantly higher in cats fed the fat-supplemented diets, and this was unrelated to whether diets were enriched with polyunsaturated or saturated fatty acids. CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Diets containing up to 66% of energy from fat were tolerated well by healthy cats and did not affect plasma lipid concentrations. Therefore, high-fat diets probably will not contribute to hypercholesterolemia or hypertriglyceridemia in cats. 
In the aftermath of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant accident, a research group of the Italian National Institute of Health (Istituto Superiore di Sanit) carried out two research programmes on maternal milk. One concerned the transfer of caesium radionuclides from the diet to breast milk. In the other, the activity concentrations of (137)Cs were also determined in urine and placenta. The first study estimated the mothers' average (137)Cs dietary intake, in the second study the intake was evaluated individually for each subject. In 2004, the International Commission on Radiological Protection published modified systemic biokinetic models which also account for transfer to breast milk. The model for caesium radionuclides was implemented and tested by the authors with the experimental data described above. A good agreement was obtained between measured data and model simulations of (137)Cs activity concentration in human milk. The model, however, tends to systematically overestimate (137)Cs activity concentration in urine, in which case the agreement is to be considered satisfactory in terms of order of magnitude.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Epidemiological and clinical studies suggest that low-glycemic index diets could protect against weight gain. However, the relationship between these diets and adipokines or inflammatory markers is unclear. In the present study we examine how the dietary glycemic index (GI) and dietary glycemic load (GL) are associated with several adipokines and related metabolic risk markers of obesity and diabetes in a cross-sectional and longitudinal manner. METHODS AND RESULTS: 511 elderly community-dwelling men and women at high cardiovascular risk were recruited for the PREDIMED trial. Dietary data were collected at baseline and after 1 year of follow-up. The GI and GL were calculated. Plasma leptin, adiponectin and other metabolic risk markers were measured at baseline and after 1 year. At baseline, subjects in the highest quartiles of GI showed significantly higher levels of TNF and IL-6 than those in the lowest quartiles. Dietary GI index was negatively related to plasma leptin and adiponectin levels. After 1 year of follow-up, subjects with a higher increase in dietary GI or GL showed a greater reduction in leptin and adiponectin plasma levels. There was no association between GI or GL and the other metabolic markers measured. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that the consumption of high-GI or high-GL diets may modulate plasma concentrations of leptin and adiponectin, both adipostatic molecules implicated in energy balance and cardiometabolic risk. 
OBJECTIVE: Higher serum phosphorus concentrations are associated with cardiovascular disease events and mortality. Low socioeconomic status is linked with higher serum phosphorus concentration, but the reasons are unclear. Poor individuals disproportionately consume inexpensive processed foods commonly enriched with phosphorus-based food preservatives. Accordingly, we hypothesized that excess intake of these foods accounts for a relationship between lower socioeconomic status and higher serum phosphorus concentration. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: We examined a random cohort of 2,664 participants with available phosphorus measurements in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, a community-based sample of individuals free of clinically apparent cardiovascular disease from across the United States. PREDICTOR VARIABLES: Socioeconomic status, the intake of foods commonly enriched with phosphorus-based food additives (processed meats, sodas), and frequency of fast-food consumption. OUTCOMES: Fasting morning serum phosphorus concentrations. RESULTS: In unadjusted analyses, lower income and lower educational achievement categories were associated with modestly higher serum phosphorus concentration (by 0.02 to 0.10 mg/dL, P < .05 for all). These associations were attenuated in models adjusted for demographic and clinical factors, almost entirely due to adjustment for female gender. In multivariable-adjusted analyses, there were no statistically significant associations of processed meat intake or frequency of fast-food consumption with serum phosphorus. In contrast, each serving per day higher soda intake was associated with 0.02 mg/dL lower serum phosphorus concentration (95% confidence interval, -0.04, -0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Greater intake of foods commonly enriched with phosphorus additives was not associated with higher serum phosphorus concentration in a community-living sample with largely preserved kidney function. These results suggest that excess intake of processed and fast foods may not impact fasting serum phosphorus concentrations among individuals without kidney disease. 
Dietary intervention studies to assess the cardioprotective effects of oily fish are scarce in China. The present study aimed to examine the effects of the oily fish, Norwegian salmon, herring and local farmed pompano (Trachinotus ovatus) on CVD risk markers when included in the Chinese diet. In this 8-week, parallel-arm, randomised intervention study, 126 Chinese women with hypertriacylglycerolaemia, aged 35-70 years, were assigned to four groups to consume an experimental lunch containing 80 g fillets of either one of three oily fish or a mix of commonly eaten meats (pork/chicken/beef/lean fish) for 5 d/week. The results showed that inclusion of the three oily fish significantly increased the intake of n-3 long-chain PUFA (LC-PUFA) while decreasing the dietary n-6:n-3 PUFA ratio. Compared to the control group, significant increases of DHA, EPA+DHA and total n-3 PUFA in plasma choline phosphoglyceride were observed in the three oily fish groups. Plasma TAG levels were significantly reduced only in the salmon and herring groups. When compared to the baseline level, the three oily fish diets significantly decreased serum concentrations of TAG, apoB, apoCII and apoCIII, but only the salmon and herring diets significantly lowered TNF- and raised adiponectin levels in serum. The salmon diet additionally decreased the serum concentration of IL-6. To conclude, dietary inclusion of salmon, herring and pompano as oily fish can effectively increase serum n-3 LC-PUFA content and are associated with favourable biochemical changes in dyslipidaemic middle-aged and elderly Chinese women, and these beneficial effects are mainly associated with n-3 LC-PUFA contents.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), frequently already present in young subjects, has been linked to reduced growth hormone levels and signaling. Similar hormonal changes occur during metabolic acidosis (MA), which may thus contribute to an increased NAFLD risk. Because subclinical MA can be diet induced, we aimed to examine whether a higher diet-dependent acid load during adolescence is prospectively associated with several currently used NAFLD surrogates in young adulthood. Dietary acidity during adolescence (boys:10-15 y, girls: 9-14 y) was calculated as potential renal acid load (PRAL) from at least three 3-d weighed dietary records according to a published algorithm considering dietary protein and minerals in 145 healthy participants. Routine measurements derived from blood analysis and anthropometric data in participants' young adulthood (18-25 y) were used to determine the NAFLD surrogates alanine-aminotransferase (ALT), hepatic steatosis index (HSI), and fatty liver index (FLI). Sex-stratified linear regression models, adjusted for dietary fiber, saturated fat, protein, and adolescent BMI SD scores, were run with PRAL as the independent variable. Dietary PRAL during puberty was positively associated with ALT (P = 0.02), HSI (P = 0.002), and FLI (P = 0.005) in adult females but not males. Females with an adolescent dietary acid load in the highest tertile had 3.5, 4.4, and 4.5 higher values of ALT, HSI, and FLI as adults, respectively, compared to females with the lowest PRAL. The present findings suggest that higher dietary acidity in adolescence may be prospectively associated with hepatic lipid accumulation in females. Whether this relationship is due to the higher proton load or rather represents an unhealthy dietary pattern requires further investigation.
Aflatoxins are one of the major risk factors in the multi-factorial etiology of human hepatocellular carcinoma. Therefore, the information on aflatoxins exposure is very important in the intervention planning in order to reduce the dietary intake of aflatoxins, especially among the children. This study investigated the relationship between aflatoxin B(1) (AFB(1)) lysine adduct levers in serum and socio-demographic factors and dietary intake of aflatoxins from nuts and nut products in Penang, Malaysia. A cross-sectional field study was conducted in five districts of Penang. A survey on socio-demographic characteristics was administered to 364 healthy adults from the three main ethnic groups (Malay, Chinese and Indian). A total of 170 blood samples were successfully collected and tested for the level of AFB(1)-lysine adduct. 97% of the samples contained AFB(1)-lysine adduct above the detection limit of 0.4 pg/mg albumin and ranged from 0.20 to 23.16 pg/mg albumin (meanstandard deviation=7.674.54 pg/mg albumin; median=7.12 pg/mg albumin). There was no significant association between AFB(1)-lysine adduct levels with gender, district, education level, household number and occupation when these socio-demographic characteristics were examined according to high or low levels of AFB(1)-lysine. However, participants in the age group of 31-50 years were 3.08 times more likely to have high AFB(1) levels compared to those aged between 18 and 30 years (P=0.026). Significant difference (P=0.000) was found among different ethnic groups. Chinese and Indian participants were 3.05 and 2.35 times more likely to have high AFB(1) levels than Malay. The result of AFB(1)-lysine adduct suggested that Penang adult population is likely to be exposed to AFB(1) but at a level of less than that needed to cause direct acute illness or death.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the strength of the relationships between serum carotenoids and three self-reported dietary intake instruments often used to characterize carotenoid intake in studies of diet and disease. DESIGN: Participants completed a Diet History Questionnaire (DHQ), two 24 h dietary recalls (24HR), a fruit and vegetable screener and a fasting blood draw. We derived dietary intake estimates of -carotene, -carotene, cryptoxanthin, lutein, zeaxanthin and lycopene from each diet instrument and calculated sex-specific multivariate correlations between dietary intake estimates and their corresponding serum values. SETTING: Montgomery County, Maryland, USA. SUBJECTS: Four hundred and seventy women and men aged 40-69 years in the National Cancer Institute's Observing Protein and Energy Nutrition (OPEN) Study. RESULTS: Serum carotenoids correlated more strongly with the DHQ (r = 034-054 for women; r = 038-056 for men) than with the average of two recalls (r = 026-047 for women; r = 026-040 for men) with the exception of zeaxanthin, for which the correlations using recalls were higher. With adjustment for within-person variation, correlations between serum carotenoids and recalls were greatly improved (r = 038-083 for women; r = 042-074 for men). In most cases, correlations between serum carotenoids and the fruit and vegetable screener resembled serum-DHQ correlations. CONCLUSIONS: Evidence from the study provides support for the use of the DHQ, a fruit and vegetable screener and deattenuated recalls for estimating carotenoid status in studies without serum measures, and draws attention to the importance of adjusting for intra-individual variability when using recalls to estimate carotenoid values. 
We assessed 24-h urinary sodium (Na) and its relationship with urinary calcium (Ca) and areal bone mineral density (aBMD) at the whole body, lumbar spine and total hip in a cross-sectional study. 102 healthy non-obese women completed timed 24-h urine collections which were analyzed for Na and Ca. Dietary intakes were estimated using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Participants were grouped as those with lower vs. higher calcium intake by median split (506 mg/1000 kcal). Dietary Na intake correlated with 24-h urinary loss. Urinary Na correlated positively with urinary Ca for all participants (r = 0.29, p < 0.01) and among those with lower (r = 0.37, p < 0.01) but not higher calcium intakes (r = 0.19, p = 0.19). Urinary Na was inversely associated with hip aBMD for all participants (r = -0.21, p = 0.04) and among women with lower (r = -0.36, p < 0.01) but not higher (r = -0.05, p = 0.71) calcium intakes. Urinary Na also entered a regression equation for hip aBMD in women with lower Ca intakes, contributing 5.9% to explained variance. In conclusion, 24-h urinary Na (a proxy for intake) is associated with higher urinary Ca loss in young women and may affect aBMD, particularly in those with lower calcium intakes.
INTRODUCTION: Bone marrow lesions (BMLs) play an important role in knee osteoarthritis, but their etiology is not well understood. The aim of this longitudinal study was to describe the association between dietary factors, serum lipids, and BMLs. METHODS: In total, 394 older men and women (mean age, 63 years; range, 52 to 79) were measured at baseline and approximately 2.7 years later. BMLs were determined by using T2-weighted fat-saturation magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) by measuring the maximal area of the lesion. Nutrient intake (total energy, fat, carbohydrate, protein, and sugar) and serum lipids were assessed at baseline. RESULTS: Cross-sectionally, dietary factors and lipids were not significantly associated with BMLs. Energy, carbohydrate, and sugar intake (but not fat) were positively associated with a change in BML size ( = 15.44 to 19.27 mm2 per 1 SD increase; all P < 0.05). High-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol tended to be negatively associated with BML change ( = -11.66 mm2 per 1 SD increase; P = 0.088). CONCLUSIONS: Energy, carbohydrate, and sugar intake may be risk factors for BML development and progression. HDL cholesterol seems protective against BMLs. These results suggest that macronutrients and lipids may be important in BML etiology and that dietary modification may alter BML natural history. 
OBJECTIVE: This study investigated the relationship between the levels of serum creatinine (SCr), the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), and the degree of tubulointerstitial injury. METHODS: A total of 511 patients of Zhongshan hospital in China were hospitalized due to physical abnormalities and diagnosed with kidney disease by renal biopsy. The clinical and pathological data were retrospectively analyzed. The level of SCr was determined in all patients, and the eGFR was calculated with modification of diet in renal disease and Cockcroft-Gault formulae, whereas the renal histopathology was quantified according to the Katafuchi semi-quantitative standards. RESULTS: With the aggravation of tubulointerstitial injury, SCr level increased and eGFR decreased gradually. The degree of tubulointerstitial lesion showed a positive correlation with SCr level and negative correlation with Cockcroft-Gault formula and modification of diet in renal disease (r = 0.627, -0.649, -0.626; p < 0.001). When the SCr was in the normal range, above 90% of the patients had various degrees of tubulointerstitial damage and 12.2% of the patients had moderate-to-severe tubulointerstitial lesions. The correlation between SCr level and tubulointerstitial damage became weak. CONCLUSIONS: The morphologic changes of tubulointerstitium are closely linked with renal function, but incompletely parallel. SCr in the abnormal range could be used to diagnose tubulointerstitial injury well. However, when the level of SCr was in the so-called normal range, eGFR by the modification of diet in renal disease or Cockcroft-Gault formula may be preferred to assess renal tubulointerstitial injury. 
BACKGROUND: High dietary calcium (Ca) is reported to have anti-obesity and anti-inflammatory properties. Evidence for these properties of dietary Ca in animal models of polygenic obesity have been confounded by the inclusion of dairy food components in experimental diets; thus, effect of Ca per se could not be deciphered. Furthermore, potential anti-inflammatory actions of Ca in vivo could not be dissociated from reduced adiposity. METHODS: We characterized adiposity along with metabolic and inflammatory phenotypes in diet-induced obese (DIO) mice fed 1 of 3 high fat diets (45% energy) for 12 wk: control (n = 29), high-Ca (n = 30), or high-Ca + nonfat dry milk (NFDM) (n = 30). RESULTS: Mice fed high-Ca + NFDM had reduced body weight and adiposity compared to high-Ca mice (P < 0.001). Surprisingly, the high-Ca mice had increased adiposity compared to lower-Ca controls (P < 0.001). Hyperphagia and increased feed efficiency contributed to obesity development in high-Ca mice, in contrast to NFDM mice that displayed significantly reduced weight gain despite higher energy intake compared to controls (P < 0.001). mRNA markers of macrophages (e.g., CD68, CD11d) strongly correlated with body weight in all diet treatment groups, and most treatment differences in WAT inflammatory factor mRNA abundances were lost when controlling for body weight gain as a covariate. CONCLUSIONS: The results indicate that high dietary Ca is not sufficient to dampen obesity-related phenotypes in DIO mice, and in fact exacerbates weight gain and hyperphagia. The data further suggest that putative anti-obesity properties of dairy emanate from food components beyond Ca. 
Phenolics are a large group of plant compounds that have been associated with protective health effects against several chronic diseases due to their potential antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anticarcinogenic properties. Consequently, in nutritional epidemiology it is essential to make an accurate assessment of phenolic exposure to evaluate their protective activities against human diseases. Self-reported questionnaires and biomarkers are the two main methods used for estimating dietary phenolics. Despite the limitations of self-reported methods, they are still an acceptable and useful measure. Meanwhile, nutritional biomarkers provide an alternative, more accurate measure, but they are expensive, and to date there are few validated biomarkers of phenolic intake. Nowadays, new analytical techniques, using both targeted and untargeted metabolomic approaches, play an important part in the rapid increase in the understanding of phenolic bioavailability and, consequently, have provided new potential biomarkers in small trials. In the near future, these dietary biomarkers should be tested in large epidemiological studies. Furthermore, the use of two independent measures-questionnaires and biomarkers-together provides a more thorough analysis of true phenolic exposure. Indeed, the challenge in the long term is to combine the information from biomarkers and self-reported questionnaires to clarify the relationship between dietary phenolics and disease. 
Human exposure to cadmium (Cd) produces a wide variety of toxic effects involving many organs and systems, but the kidney is the main organ affected among long-term Cd-exposed people. In the general population, the primary sources of Cd exposure are cigarette smoke and food (shellfish, offal and certain vegetables). The aims of the study were to investigate the association between urinary and blood Cd levels and personal habits relating to Cd intake (consumption of food stuff, water and tobacco smoking), levels of renal biomarkers in the urine or serum of 314 Thai subjects (85 males, 229 females) who resided in Cd-contaminated areas of Mae Sot District, Tak Province, Thailand. Based on the cut-off levels of 1 microg/g creatinine and 5 microg/l for urinary and blood Cd levels, respectively, nearly all subjects had urinary Cd levels lower than cut-off values for urine and blood (88.2 and 77.7%, respectively). Binary logistic backward stepwise regression analysis with five covariates (gender, residential areas, consumption of bamboo or chicken, and smoking status), and eight covariates (residential areas, consumption of beans, pork, fish or liver, types and sources of rice consumed and smoking status) best predicted urinary and blood Cd levels, respectively. For renal biomarkers, N-acetyl-beta-glucosaminidase (NAG) best predicted both urinary and blood Cd with good accuracy. A larger sample size with equal distribution of subjects with low (< 2 microg/g creatinine) and high (> 2 microg/g creatinine) urinary Cd levels should be studied to obtain the regression equation that would best predict Cd body burden.
OBJECTIVE: Ghrelin is a potent stimulator of appetite and synthesized in the stomach. Its role in weight loss after gastric bypass (GBP) is still controversial. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relation between weight loss and food intake and between weight loss and changes in serum ghrelin concentrations 1 y after GBP with resection of the bypassed stomach (R-GBP) and without resection (NR-GBP). METHODS: Of 50 women (37.6  10.2 y old, body mass index 43.8  4.8 kg/m) with GBP, 26 had R-GBP and 24 had NR-GBP. Body weight, body composition (dual energy x-ray absorptiometry), food intake, and serum ghrelin at baseline and 12 mo after GBP were measured. RESULTS: The percentage of excess weight loss was 68.9  12.8% at 12 mo after GBP. At 12 mo, the decrease of serum ghrelin was greater in the R-GBP group (-25.3  22.5%) compared with the NR-GBP group (+11.2  50.9%, P < 0.005). After adjustment by the baseline excess of body weight, there was a greater percentage of excess weight loss in the R-GBP group only at 6 mo (61.8% versus 54.9%, P = 0.011). After controlling for the baseline intake, a significant lower carbohydrate intake was observed in the R-GBP group 6 mo after surgery (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: A greater decrease in ghrelin levels was observed only in patients who underwent R-GBP at 12 mo after surgery. This difference was not associated with differences in dietary intakes or weight loss at the same time point. Therefore, the small gastric pouch is probably more important than decreased ghrelin levels in producing long-term weight loss after R-GBP. 
Kampo medicine has been the primary medical model in Japan until the mid 1800s, regained a prominent role in today's Japanese medical system. Today, 148 herbal Kampo formulas can be prescribed under the national health insurance system, allowing physicians to integrate Kampo in their daily practice. This article aims to provide information about the extent to which Kampo is now used in clinics throughout Japan and about physician's current attitudes toward Kampo. We used the results of a 2008 survey that was administered to physicians throughout Japan (n = 684). The data showed that 83.5% of physicians currently use Kampo in the clinic, although the distribution of physicians who use Kampo differ widely depending on the specialty and provided a breakdown of Kampo usage by specialty. It will be interesting to see how each specialty incorporates Kampo into its respective field as Kampo continues to play a pertinent role in Japanese medical system.
AIMS: Ethyl glucuronide (EtG) in hair is a proposed biomarker for alcohol consumption. This study compares hair EtG concentrations with self-reported alcohol consumption data, in individuals with a range of alcohol use. METHODS: Hair was collected from 100 participants with a range of alcohol use. Participants completed an Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test C questionnaire to record alcohol consumption. Participants were categorized into one of the four groups: tee-totallers (consuming 0 units a week), lower-risk drinkers (1-21 units a week), increasing-risk drinkers' consuming (22-50 units a week) and high-risk drinkers (over 50 units a week). Hair from the proximal 3 cm was analysed for EtG using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry. RESULTS: EtG was detected in 29 out of 100 hair samples. Based on the Society of Hair Testing (SOHT) threshold of 30 pg/mg EtG, the hair test identified alcohol consumption in 57.9% of high-risk drinkers, 45.5% of increasing-risk drinkers and only 9.8% of lower-risk drinkers. EtG sensitivity was highest for high-risk drinkers (consuming more than 50 units a week), identified to be 0.52 using a 30 pg/mg threshold and 0.58 using a 45 pg/mg threshold. A positive result is highly likely to indicate any drinking (positive predictive value, 1.00). A negative result does not provide good evidence for abstinence (negative predictive value, 0.23). CONCLUSIONS: EtG has been identified to be a low sensitivity marker that cannot be used quantitatively to determine alcohol exposure. EtG can be used qualitatively to indicate alcohol consumption with a positive result providing strong evidence for an individual drinking within the past 3 months. 
BACKGROUND: Little is known about the relation of different dietary protein types with blood pressure (BP). We examined whether intake of total, plant, animal, dairy, meat, and grain protein was related to BP in a cross sectional cohort of 20,820 Dutch adults, aged 20-65 y and not using antihypertensive medication. DESIGN: Mean BP levels were calculated in quintiles of energy-adjusted protein with adjustment for age, sex, BMI, education, smoking, and intake of energy, alcohol, and other nutrients including protein from other sources. In addition, mean BP difference after substitution of 3 en% carbohydrates or MUFA with protein was calculated. RESULTS: Total protein and animal protein were not associated with BP (p(trend) = 0.62 and 0.71 respectively), both at the expense of carbohydrates and MUFA. Systolic BP was 1.8 mmHg lower (p(trend)<0.01) in the highest (>36 g/d) than in the lowest (<27 g/d) quintile of plant protein. This inverse association was present both at the expense of carbohydrates and MUFA and more pronounced in individuals with untreated hypertension (-3.6 mmHg) than in those with normal (+0.1 mmHg) or prehypertensive BP (-0.3 mmHg; p(interaction)<0.01). Meat and grain protein were not related to BP. Dairy protein was directly associated with systolic BP (+1.6 mmHg, p(trend)<0.01), but not with diastolic BP (p(trend) = 0.24). CONCLUSIONS: Total protein and animal protein were not associated with BP in this general untreated Dutch population. Plant protein may be beneficial to BP, especially in people with elevated BP. However, because high intake of plant protein may be a marker of a healthy diet and lifestyle in general, confirmation from randomized controlled trials is warranted. 
The accurate assessment of dietary exposure is important in investigating associations between diet and disease. Research in nutritional epidemiology, which has resulted in a large amount of information on associations between diet and chronic diseases in the last decade, relies on accurate assessment methods to identify these associations. However, most dietary assessment instruments rely to some extent on self-reporting, which is prone to systematic bias affected by factors such as age, gender, social desirability and approval. Nutritional biomarkers are not affected by these and therefore provide an additional, alternative method to estimate intake. However, there are also some limitations in their application: they are affected by inter-individual variations in metabolism and other physiological factors, and they are often limited to estimating intake of specific compounds and not entire foods. It is therefore important to validate nutritional biomarkers to determine specific strengths and limitations. In this perspective paper, criteria for the validation of nutritional markers and future developments are discussed.
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Chronic inflammation impairs recovery among the 1.6 million people who suffer from hip fracture annually. Vitamin E and the carotenoids are two classes of dietary antioxidants with profound anti-inflammatory effects, and the goal of this study was to assess whether higher post-fracture concentrations of these antioxidants were associated with lower levels of interleukin 6 (IL-6) and the soluble receptor for tumor necrosis factor-alpha (sTNF-R1), two common markers of inflammation. METHODS: Serum concentrations of the dietary antioxidants and inflammatory markers were assessed at baseline and 2, 6, and 12 month follow-up visits among 148 hip fracture patients from The Baltimore Hip Studies. Generalized estimating equations modeled the relationship between baseline and time-varying antioxidant concentrations and inflammatory markers. RESULTS: Higher post-fracture concentrations of vitamin E and the carotenoids were associated with lower levels of inflammatory markers. Associations were strongest at baseline, particularly between the -tocopherol form of vitamin E and sTNF-R1 (p = 0.05) and total carotenoids and both sTNF-R1(p = 0.01) and IL-6 (p = 0.05). Higher baseline and time-varying -carotene and time-varying lutein concentrations were also associated with lower sTNF-R1 at all post-fracture visits (p  0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that a clinical trial increasing post-fracture intake of vitamin E and the carotenoids may be warranted. 
INTRODUCTION: A disturbed regulation mechanism of arginine vasopressin secretion in response to plasma osmolality and volaemia changes occurs in hypothyroidism. The aim of this study was to determine plasma arginine vasopressin concentration in hypothyroid women under conditions of a low sodium diet and in an upright position. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Twenty-six women with primary hypothyroidism and 24 healthy women (control group) were investigated. In all the patients, the plasma arginine vasopressin and serum sodium and potassium levels, as well as plasma osmolality, were measured first under basal conditions, i.e. after three days of a normal sodium diet (120 mmol sodium per day) in a horizontal position, and next after three days of a low sodium diet (10 mmol Na per day) in an upright position. In hypothyroid patients, the investigations were repeated after a euthyroid state as a result of L-thyroxine treatment had been attained. RESULTS: An increase of vasopressinaemia, measured under basal conditions as well as after three days of the low sodium diet, was shown in untreated hypothyroid patients compared to the control group. The arginine vasopressin plasma level normalised after a euthyroid state had been attained. As a result of the low sodium diet and the upright position, a significant increase of arginine vasopressin secretion was observed in the control group and hypothyroid women in the euthyroid state. No significant increase of this neuropeptide level in untreated patients was shown while applying the low sodium diet and upright position. Plasma osmolality and natraemia were decreased in the untreated hypothyroid patients. No correlation between vasopressinaemia and plasma osmolality was shown. CONCLUSION: The plasma arginine vasopressin level is increased in hypothyroid women, and does not change in the upright position under the influence of a low sodium diet. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: There are limited validated tools available for the assessment of dietary intake in pediatric populations. This report describes a comparative validation study of selected fatty acid intakes in children assessed by food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), compared with erythrocyte membrane fatty acids. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Overall, 46 overweight and 47 healthy-weight children aged 5-12 years (meanSD, 9.11.3years, body mass index 20.54.0) were recruited; dietary fatty acid intakes assessed by parent report using a 135-item semi-quantitative FFQ, were compared with selected child erythrocyte membrane fatty acids assessed from fasting samples using gas chromatography. Spearman's rank correlation coefficients were calculated between fatty acid intake estimates (% of energy) and erythrocyte membrane concentrations (%mol/mol). RESULTS: Significant correlations were found between dietary and erythrocyte eicosapentanoic acid (EPA) concentration (r=0.24, P<0.05) with a statistical trend for total omega three (n-3) fatty acids (r=0.22, P=0.06) and linoleic acid (r=0.32, P=0.07) in the healthy-weight children only. CONCLUSION: Parental report of selected child fatty acid intakes using an FFQ can be used to provide an estimate of child intake of EPA, but further work is required to quantify this relationship for other fatty acids and in other populations. 
BACKGROUND: Mechanistic data suggest that n-3 PUFAs and endothelial function may interact and play a role in carcinogenesis, but epidemiologic evidence is lacking. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate whether the prospective association between soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) and cancer risk is modulated by n-3 PUFA intake. DESIGN: A nested case-control study was designed to include all first-incident cancer cases diagnosed in the SUpplmentation en VItamines et Minraux AntioXydants cohort between 1994 and 2007, with available dietary data from 24-h records (n = 408). Cases were matched with 1 or 2 randomly selected controls (n = 760). Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate ORs and 95% CIs for the association between prediagnostic plasma concentrations of sICAM-1 and cancer risk, stratified by n-3 PUFA intake. The interactions between sICAM-1 and n-3 PUFA intake were tested. RESULTS: An interaction was observed between sICAM-1 and n-3 PUFA intake, which was consistent across the studied cancer locations (P-interaction = 0.036 for overall, 0.038 for breast, and 0.020 for prostate cancer risk). sICAM-1 concentrations were positively associated with cancer risk among subjects with n-3 PUFA intakes below the median (multivariate OR(Tertile3vsTertile1): 2.8; 95% CI: 1.5, 5.2; P-trend = 0.001), whereas this association was not observed for subjects with n-3 PUFA intakes above the median (OR(Tertile3vsTertile1): 1.3; 95% CI: 0.8, 2.3; P-trend = 0.3). CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that n-3 PUFA intake may counteract the procarcinogenic actions of sICAM-1. 
Previous clinical and epidemiological studies of vitamin E have used primarily -tocopherol for the prevention of cancer. However, -tocopherol has demonstrated greater anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor activity than -tocopherol in several animal models of cancer. This study assessed the potential chemopreventive activities of a tocopherol mixture containing 58% -tocopherol (-TmT) in an established rodent model of mammary carcinogenesis. Female ACI rats were utilized due to their sensitivity to 17-estradiol (E2 ) to induce mammary hyperplasia and neoplasia. The rats were implanted subcutaneously with sustained release E2 pellets and given dietary 0.3% or 0.5% -TmT for 2 or 10wk. Serum E2 levels were significantly reduced by the treatment with 0.5% -TmT. Serum levels of inflammatory markers, prostaglandin E2 and 8-isoprostane, were suppressed by -TmT treatment. Histology of mammary glands showed evidence of epithelial hyperplasia in E2 -treated rats. Immunohistochemical analysis of the mammary glands revealed a decrease in proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), and estrogen receptor  (ER), while there was an increase in cleaved-caspase 3, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor  (PPAR), and nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) in -TmT-treated rats. In addition, treatment with -TmT resulted in a decrease in the expression of ER mRNA, whereas mRNA levels of ER and PPAR were increased. In conclusion, -TmT was shown to suppress inflammatory markers, inhibit E2 -induced cell proliferation, and upregulate PPAR and Nrf2 expression in mammary hyperplasia, suggesting that -TmT may be a promising agent for human breast cancer prevention.
Oxysterols are structurally similar to cholesterol, but are characterized by one or more additional oxygen-containing functional groups. These compounds are implicated in inflammation given their ability to cause irreversible damage to vascular cells. The aim of this study was to study the alteration of some inflammatory biomarkers in Wistar rats in response to dietary oxysterols. Eighteen rats were randomly divided into three groups of six rats each. A standard diet supplemented with 1% (w/w) pure cholesterol (Chol group) or 1% (w/w) of an oxidized cholesterol mixture (COPs group) was fed for 8 weeks. Blood serum was separated; abdominal, pericardial, and epididymal adipose tissue was removed carefully. The COPs subjects exhibited significant increase in blood pressure and serum triacylgycerols as well as increased body fat index and pericardic, abdominal, and epididymal adipose tissue. These effects were accompanied by elevated circulating levels of plasma high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and resistin. We suggest that dietary oxysterols have an important pro-inflammatory effect.
BACKGROUND: Crystalline morphology and compositions of melamine-associated urinary stones caused by consumption of melamine-contaminated infant formula are reported. METHODS: Twelve melamine-associated urinary stone samples were obtained from 12 children aged from 3 to 36 months who were treated in Lanzhou University Second Hospital. The crystalline morphology and compositions of these stone samples were analyzed using a combination of infrared spectrum, SEM and XRD. The presence of melamine in 12 stones was determined by HPLC. RESULTS: Diversity of crystalline morphology in 10 stone samples was revealed by SEM observation. Infrared spectral data revealed that 8 of the 10 stone samples predominantly consisted of the crystal forms of urate: 1 of sodium urate monohydrate, 2 of uricite and 5 of uric acid dihydrate and ammonium urate. However, ammonium magnesium phosphate hexahydrate, ammonium urate and carbonate apatite were also identified in 1 stone sample. The content of melamine in all of the 12 stone samples was determined by HPLC and found to range from 200 to 339,000 g/g. XRD analysis in 6 stone samples showed that amorphous mineral phase was involved in the calculogenesis. CONCLUSIONS: Melamine and uric acid are the main possible etiologic factors closely related to melamine-associated urinary stone formation in humans. 
OBJECTIVE: Elevated serum phosphate concentrations are established risk factors for cardiovascular disease and mortality in chronic kidney disease (CKD). Independent associations of other indices of phosphorus metabolism, such as phosphorus intake, urinary phosphate excretion, or hormones that regulate these systems, like fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23), with markers of cardiovascular disease in CKD, have been studied in less detail. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. PARTICIPANTS: Seventy-four adult CKD patients with mean creatinine clearance of 51  19 mL/minute. OUTCOME: Augmentation index (AI)--a surrogate marker of arterial stiffness. RESULTS: Although serum phosphate varied little across quartiles of creatinine clearance, average daily phosphorus intake and 24-hour urinary phosphate excretion decreased from highest to lowest quartile (by 31% and 60%, respectively, P for trend <.05). FGF23 was associated with serum phosphate (r = 0.24, P = .03) and creatinine clearance (r = -0.4, P = .001), but not with dietary phosphorus or 24-hour urinary phosphate excretion (P > .05 for both). Older age, higher systolic blood pressure, female gender, and black race were independently associated with increased AI. In contrast, there were no associations of serum phosphate, dietary phosphorus intake, urinary phosphate excretion, or FGF23 with AI in multivariate-adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS: In this sample of patients with CKD, established risk factors for arterial stiffness, but not mediators of phosphorus metabolism, were associated with increased AI. In addition, there were no significant associations between FGF23 and dietary phosphorus or urinary phosphate excretion. Future studies are needed to determine the main factors associated with elevations in FGF23 in CKD and to further assess the association of disordered phosphorus metabolism with subclinical markers of vascular disease. 
PURPOSE: Meat and fish consumption are associated with changes in the risk of chronic diseases. Intake is mainly assessed using self-reporting, as no true quantitative nutritional biomarker is available. The measurement of plasma fatty acids, often used as an alternative, is expensive and time-consuming. As meat and fish differ in their stable isotope ratios, (13)C and (15)N have been proposed as biomarkers. However, they have never been investigated in controlled human dietary intervention studies. OBJECTIVE: In a short-term feeding study, we investigated the suitability of (13)C and (15)N in blood, urine and faeces as biomarkers of meat and fish intake. METHODS: The dietary intervention study (n = 14) followed a randomised cross-over design with three eight-day dietary periods (meat, fish and half-meat-half-fish). In addition, 4 participants completed a vegetarian control period. At the end of each period, 24-h urine, fasting venous blood and faeces were collected and their (13)C and (15)N analysed. RESULTS: There was a significant difference between diets in isotope ratios in faeces and urine samples, but not in blood samples (Kruskal-Wallis test, p < 0.0001). In pairwise comparisons, (13)C and (15)N were significantly higher in urine and faecal samples following a fish diet when compared with all other diets, and significantly lower following a vegetarian diet. There was no significant difference in isotope ratio between meat and half-meat-half-fish diets for blood, urine or faecal samples. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study show that urinary and faecal (13)C and (15)N are suitable candidate biomarkers for short-term meat and fish intake. 
INTRODUCTION: Differences in neonatal insulin sensitivity/ resistance markers due to the maternal impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) have not been tested. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI) score has been employed for evaluating pregnancy diet quality. AIMS: To study, the effect of neonatal insulinemia, maternal IGT and diet HEI score upon insulin sensitivity/ resistance at birth. METHODS: 176 singleton, normoweight, full-term, Caucasian Spanish neonates, delivered without fetal distress whose mothers were screened for gestational IGT were studied. Quantitative Insulin Sensitivity Check Index (QUICKI) and Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMAIR) were calculated. Diet followed during the third month of pregnancy was recorded and the respective HEI score calculated in a sample of 29 mothers. RESULTS: As quartile for cord blood insulin levels increased, glucose, the insulin/cortisol ratio and HOMA-IR (all p < 0.001) and IGF-I (p < 0.01) increased while QUICKI and the glucose/insulin ratio (both p < 0.001) and GH (p < 0.05) decreased. Neonates from IGT mothers had higher insulin, HOMA-IR (both p < 0.01) and insulin/cortisol ratio (p < 0.05) and lower GH, QUICKI (both p < 0.01) and glucose/ insulin ratio (p < 0.05) than their normal maternal glucose tolerance (NGT) counterparts. Neonatal insulinemia influences more than IGT on the insulin resistance/sensitivity markers at birth. Mothers of hyperinsulinemic neonates showed lower HEI scores (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: A large percentage of full-term normoweight infants with hyperinsulinemia showed altered insulin resistance markers. Their mothers consumed low quality diets. Screening strategies focused on neonatal glycemia and insulinemia together with maternal nutritional assessment and advice during pregnancy should be considered. 
BACKGROUND: Many studies showed a moderate cholesterol-lowering effect of plant sterols (PS), but increased circulating PS might be atherogenic. We evaluated the associations between natural dietary intake of PS and carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and serum lipids. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: This community-based cross-sectional study included 1160 men and 2780 women aged 31-75 years. Dietary intakes were assessed using a food-frequency questionnaire. The IMTs at the common, bifurcation and internal carotid artery segments, and fasting serum total (TC), LDL (LDLc) and HDL (HDLc) cholesterol, and triglycerides (TG) were determined. After adjusting for potential covariates, multivariate analysis showed a dose-dependent inverse association of total PS intake with serum TC, LDLc, non-HDLc in women (P<0.001) and in men (P<0.05). As compared to the lowest quartile of PS intake (<206 mg/d), the multivariate-adjusted means of TC, LDLc and non-HDLc in the highest quartile of PS intake (447 mg/d) decreased by 5.0%, 6.2% and 6.5% in women (P<0.005), and by 6.4%, 7.1% and 6.7% (P>0.05) in men. Although the IMTs tended to be lower with greater intake of dietary PS, only small differences in the left internal IMT between the highest and lowest groups were observed among men (-7.6%) and women (-5.1%) (P<0.05). The multivariate analysis showed no significant mean differences among the PS groups in HDLc, TG and IMTs at other studied sites among men and women (all P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Greater PS consumption from natural diets is associated with lower serum total, LDL, non-HDL cholesterol and with thinner left internal IMT in women and men. 
This study assessed the association between vitamin D sufficiency (serum 25(OH)D 30 ng/mL) and alcohol consumption using data from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey conducted in 2009. The following characteristics were obtained in 7,010 Korean participants 19-years-of-age: serum 25(OH)D level, alcohol consumption (drinking frequency, drinking number of alcoholic beverages on a typical occasion, average daily-alcohol intake), and potential confounders (age, residence, housing status, occupation, total fat and lean mass, smoking, physical activity, history of liver diseases, liver function, and daily intake of energy, protein, and calcium). After adjusting for confounders, vitamin D sufficiency in men was significantly associated with drinking frequency, number of alcoholic drinks consumed, and average daily alcohol intake; odds ratio of 1.21-1.72, 2.17-3.04, and 2.27-3.09, respectively. Increase in the three alcohol drinking-related behaviors was also linearly associated with increase in serum 25(OH)D level in men. By comparison, there was no significant association between alcohol intake and serum 25(OH)D level in women. The positive association between vitamin D sufficiency and alcohol consumption was evident only in Korean men.
BACKGROUND: Few studies exist on the validity of food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) administered to elderly people. The aim of this study was to assess the validity of a short FFQ on present dietary intake, developed specially for the AGES-Reykjavik Study, which includes 5,764 elderly individuals. Assessing the validity of FFQs is essential before they are used in studies on diet-related disease risk and health outcomes. METHOD: 128 healthy elderly participants (74 y  5.7; 58.6% female) answered the AGES-FFQ, and subsequently filled out a 3-day weighed food record. Validity of the AGES-FFQ was assessed by comparing its answers to the dietary data obtained from the weighed food records, using Spearman's rank correlation, Chi-Square/Kendall's tau, and a Jonckheere-Terpstra test for trend. RESULT: For men a correlation  0.4 was found for potatoes, fresh fruits, oatmeal/muesli, cakes/cookies, candy, dairy products, milk, pure fruit juice, cod liver oil, coffee, tea and sugar in coffee/tea (r = 0.40-0.71). A lower, but acceptable, correlation was also found for raw vegetables (r = 0.33). The highest correlation for women was found for consumption of rye bread, oatmeal/muesli, raw vegetables, candy, dairy products, milk, pure fruit juice, cod liver oil, coffee and tea (r = 0.40-0.61). An acceptable correlation was also found for fish topping/salad, fresh fruit, blood/liver sausage, whole-wheat bread, and sugar in coffee/tea (r = 0.28-0.37). Questions on meat/fish meals, cooked vegetables and soft drinks did not show a significant correlation to the reference method. Pearson Chi-Square and Kendall's tau showed similar results, as did the Jonckheere-Terpstra trend test. CONCLUSION: A majority of the questions in the AGES-FFQ had an acceptable correlation and may be used to rank individuals according to their level of intake of several important foods/food groups. The AGES-FFQ on present diet may therefore be used to study the relationship between consumption of several specific foods/food groups and various health-related endpoints gathered in the AGES-Reykjavik Study. 
BACKGROUND: In 1998 choline Adequate Intakes of 425 and 450 mg/d were established for nonpregnant and pregnant women, respectively. However, to our knowledge, no dose-response studies have been conducted to evaluate the effects of pregnancy or maternal choline intake on biomarkers of choline metabolism. OBJECTIVE: We sought to quantify the effects of pregnancy and maternal choline intake on maternal and fetal indicators of choline metabolism. DESIGN: Healthy pregnant (n = 26; 27 wk gestation) and nonpregnant (n = 21) women were randomly assigned to receive 480 or 930 mg choline/d for 12 wk. Fasting blood samples and placental tissue and umbilical cord venous blood were collected and analyzed for choline and its metabolites. RESULTS: Regardless of the choline intake, pregnant women had higher circulating concentrations of choline (30%; P < 0.001) but lower concentrations of betaine, dimethylglycine, sarcosine, and methionine (13-55%; P < 0.001). Obligatory losses of urinary choline and betaine in pregnant women were 2-4 times as high (P  0.02) as those in nonpregnant women. A higher choline intake yielded higher concentrations of choline, betaine, dimethylglycine, and sarcosine (12-46%; P  0.08) in both pregnant and nonpregnant women without affecting urinary choline excretion. The higher maternal choline intake also led to a doubling of dimethylglycine in cord plasma (P = 0.002). CONCLUSION: These data suggest that an increment of 25 mg choline/d to meet the demands of pregnancy is insufficient and show that a higher maternal choline intake increases the use of choline as a methyl donor in both maternal and fetal compartments. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01127022. 
PURPOSE: To examine the association of red meat and whole-grain bread consumption with plasma levels of biomarkers related to glucose metabolism, oxidative stress, inflammation and obesity. METHODS: Our cross-sectional study was based on 2,198 men and women who were selected as a sub-cohort for an investigation of biological predictors of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-Potsdam study. Circulating levels of glycated hemoglobin, adiponectin, hs-CRP, gamma-glutamyltransferase, alanine-aminotransferase, fetuin-A, HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides were measured from random blood samples. Diet and lifestyle data were assessed by questionnaires, and anthropometric data were measured. RESULTS: After multivariable adjustment, higher consumption of whole-grain bread was significantly (P trend <0.05) associated with lower levels of GGT, ALT and hs-CRP, whereas higher consumption of red meat was significantly associated with higher levels of GGT and hs-CRP when adjusted for potential confounding factors related to lifestyle and diet. Further adjustment for body mass index and waist circumference attenuated the association between red meat and hs-CRP (P = 0.19). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study suggest that high consumption of whole-grain bread is related to lower levels of GGT, ALT and hs-CRP, whereas high consumption of red meat is associated with higher circulating levels of GGT and hs-CRP. 
UNLABELLED: The responses of subjects taking a 20 mg/day lutein diacetate supplement were compared with that for a 20 mg/day crystalline lutein or a placebo. Ten subjects, assigned to each of three groups, lutein diacetate (group 1), lutein (group 2), and a placebo (group 3), were supplemented for 24 weeks. Groups 1 and 2 consumed a dose equivalent to 20 mg per day of free lutein. Serum samples, collected at baseline, and at weeks 6, 12, 18, and 24 were analyzed by HPLC. Macular Pigment Optical Density (MPOD) was obtained by heterochromatic flicker photometry at baseline and weeks 6, 12, 18 and 24. RESULTS: The average serum lutein concentrations for weeks 6 to 24 expressed as a ratio to the baseline value (S.D.) were 5.52  2.88 for group 1, 4.43  1.61 for group 2, and 1.03  0.25 for group 3. The median rate of macular pigment increase (milli-absorbance units/week) for groups 1, 2, and 3 were 2.35, 1.55, and 0.19 mAU/wk, respectively. P-values for these serum and MPOD increases are both highly significant when compared to placebo. The average serum response was about 25% higher for group 1 compared with group 2 and, the median MPOD response was 52% higher for group 1 than group 2. P-values calculated for the differences in these increases were, p = 0.066, marginally significant, for serum, and p = 0.09 approaching significance, for MPOD. 
Inadequate vitamin K intake has been associated with abnormal soft tissue calcification. Older adults may have insufficient intakes of vitamin K and respond less to vitamin K supplementation compared with younger adults. However, little is known about the determinants that influence the response to vitamin K supplementation. Our primary objective was to assess dietary and nondietary determinants of vitamin K status in healthy younger and older adults. In a nonrandomized, nonmasked study, 21 younger (18-40 y) and 21 older (55-80 y) men and women consumed a baseline diet (200 g phylloquinone/d) for 5 d, a phylloquinone-restricted diet (10 g phylloquinone/d) for 28 d, and a phylloquinone-supplemented diet (500 g phylloquinone/d) for 28 d. Changes in vitamin K status markers in response to vitamin K depletion and repletion were studied and the influences of BMI, body fat, and circulating TG were assessed by including them as covariates in the model. Despite baseline differences in measures of vitamin K status, plasma phylloquinone tended to increase (P = 0.07) and the percentage of uncarboxylated osteocalcin and uncarboxylated prothrombin both improved with phylloquinone supplementation (P < 0.007), regardless of age group or sex. Only the excretion of urinary menadione, a vitamin K metabolite, was greater among younger adults in response to depletion than in older adults (P = 0.012), regardless of sex. Adiposity measures and circulating TG did not predict response of any measures. In conclusion, poor vitamin K status can be similarly improved with vitamin K supplementation, regardless of age group or sex.
The mucus layer covering the gut epithelium is pivotal to host defence and is affected by various dietary components. Part of the reported beneficial effect of dietary immunoglobulins (Igs) on gut health may be due to effects on the gut mucus layer. The aim was to determine whether orally administered ovine serum Ig influence goblet cell count, mucin gene expression and digesta mucin protein content in the gut of the growing rat. Fourteen Sprague-Dawley male growing rats were used in a 21-day study and were fed either a casein-based control diet (CON; no Ig) or a similar diet but containing freeze-dried ovine Ig (FDOI). Daily food intake and growth rate were not affected by the dietary treatments. When compared to the rats consuming CON diet, those consuming the FDOI diet had significantly (P < 0.05) more intact and cavitated goblet cells in the intestinal villi. A similar result was found for crypt goblet cells in the small intestine and colon. Ileal Muc2, Muc3, Muc4 and stomach Muc5Ac mRNA expressions for the FDOI animals were higher (P < 0.05) compared to the the CON animals. Mucin protein content was higher (P < 0.05) in the stomach, ileum and colonic digesta of rats fed the FDOI diet. In conclusion, orally administered FDOI influenced gut mucins in the growing rat as evidenced by increased mucin gene expression and digesta mucin protein concentrations as well as an increased goblet cell count.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of vitamin A deficiency, infection and adequacy of vitamin A intakes among Zambian children, and the contribution of dietary vitamin A and infection to vitamin A status. DESIGN: A cross-sectional survey of vitamin A intakes by the 24 h recall method, vitamin A status by plasma retinol and the modified relative dose-response test, and infection by acute-phase proteins. SETTING: Rural communities in Central and Eastern Provinces of Zambia. SUBJECTS: Children 2-5 years of age. RESULTS: The prevalence of vitamin A deficiency was 56 % by plasma retinol, 48 % with infection-adjusted plasma retinol and 22 % by the modified relative dose-response test. The majority of children (61 %) had a current infection. Vitamin A intakes were relatively high (331 to 585 g retinol activity equivalents/d in the harvest/early post-harvest and late post-harvest seasons, respectively) and the prevalence of inadequate intakes was <1 % when compared with the Estimated Average Requirement (210 and 275 g retinol activity equivalents/d for children aged 1-3 and 4-8 years, respectively). Elevated -1-acid glycoprotein was negatively associated with plasma retinol (P < 00 0 1) and vitamin A intake was positively associated with plasma retinol (P < 005), but only when estimated assuming a 26:1 retinol equivalence for provitamin A from green and yellow vegetables. CONCLUSIONS: Infection and vitamin A intakes were significant determinants of plasma retinol. We cannot conclude which indicator more accurately represents the true vitamin A status of the population. Reasons for the persistent high prevalence of vitamin A deficiency in the presence of adequate vitamin A intakes are unclear, but the high rates of infection may play a role. 
Previous epidemiological and feeding studies have observed that adherence to Mediterranean diet (Med-Diet) is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk. However, the molecular mechanisms involved are not fully understood. Since atherosclerosis is nowadays considered a low-grade inflammatory disease, recent studies have explored the anti-inflammatory effects of a Med-Diet intervention on serum and cellular biomarkers related to atherosclerosis. In two sub-studies of the PREDIMED (PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterranea) trial, we analyzed the effects at 3 months of two Med-Diet interventions supplemented with either virgin olive oil (VOO) or nuts compared with a control low-fat diet (LFD). Both Med-Diets showed an anti-inflammatory effect reducing serum C-reactive protein, interleukin-6 (IL6) and endothelial and monocytary adhesion molecules and chemokines (P<0.05; all), whereas these parameters increased after the LFD intervention (P<0.05; all). In another substudy, we evaluated the long-term (1 year) effects of these interventions on vascular risk factors in 516 high-risk subjects, as well as the effect of different Med-Diet components in the reduction of these biomarkers. At 1 year, the Med-Diet groups had significant decreases in the plasma concentrations of IL6, tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) 60 and TNFR80 (P<0.05), while intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1), TNFR60 and TNFR80 concentrations increased in the LFD group (P<0.002). In addition, those allocated in the highest tertile of VOO and vegetables consumption had a significant diminution of plasma TNFR60 concentration compared with those in tertile 1 (P<0.02). In conclusion, Med-Diet exerts an anti-inflammatory effect on cardiovascular system since it down-regulates cellular and circulating inflammatory biomarkers related to atherogenesis in subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
Since collection of 24 h urine samples is very time consuming and difficult to obtain, epidemiological studies typically only obtain spot urine samples. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether flavonoids and enterolactone in overnight urine could substitute flavonoids and enterolactone in 24 h urine as an alternative and more feasible biomarker of fruit, vegetable and beverage intake. A total of 191 individuals in the Inter99 cohort in Denmark completed the validation study. Concentrations of nine urinary flavonoid aglycones (quercetin, isorhamnetin, tamarixetin, kaempferol, hesperetin, naringenin, eriodictyol, phloretin and apigenin) and enterolactone were determined in overnight and 24 h urine samples, and their validity as biomarkers of fruit, vegetable and beverage intake was evaluated in relation to two independent reference methods (Inter99 FFQ data and plasma carotenoids) by using the method of triads. The intakes of fruit, juice, vegetables and tea reported in the FFQ were reflected by the flavonoid biomarker both in overnight and 24 h urine samples. Validity coefficients for the flavonoid biomarker in overnight urine ranged from 039 to 049, while the corresponding validity coefficients for the biomarker in 24 h urine ranged from 043 to 066. Although the validity coefficients were lower for overnight urine than for the 24 h urine flavonoid biomarker, they were still of acceptable magnitude. In conclusion, the results indicate that flavonoids and enterolactone in overnight urine samples may be used as a more feasible biomarker than 24 h urine for the assessment and validation of fruit, juice, vegetable and tea intakes in epidemiological studies.
Cows experience some degree of negative energy balance and immunosuppression around parturition, making them vulnerable to metabolic and infectious diseases. The effect of prepartum feeding of diets to meet (control, 1.34 Mcal/kg of dry matter) or exceed (overfed, 1.62 Mcal/kg of dry matter) dietary energy requirements was evaluated during the entire dry period (45 d) on blood polymorphonuclear neutrophil function, blood metabolic and inflammatory indices, and milk production in Holstein cows. By design, dry matter intake in the overfed group (n=9) exceeded energy requirements during the prepartum period (-4 to -1 wk relative to parturition), resulting in greater energy balance when compared with the control group (n=10). Overfed cows were in more negative energy balance during wk 1 after calving than controls. No differences were observed in dry matter intake, milk yield, and milk composition between diets. Although nonesterified fatty acid concentration pre- (0.138 mEq/L) and postpartum (0.421 mEq/L) was not different between diets, blood insulin concentration was greater in overfed cows prepartum (16.7 IU/mL) compared with controls pre- and postpartum (3.25 IU/mL). Among metabolic indicators, concentrations of urea (4.63 vs. 6.38 mmol/L), creatinine (100 vs. 118 mol/L), and triacylglycerol (4.0 vs. 8.57 mg/dL) in overfed cows were lower prepartum than controls. Glucose was greater pre- (4.24 vs. 4.00 mmol/L) and postpartum (3.49 vs. 3.30 mmol/L) compared with control cows. Among liver function indicators, the concentration of bilirubin increased by 2 to 6 fold postpartum in control and overfed cows. Phagocytosis capacity of polymorphonuclear neutrophils was lower prepartum in overfed cows (32.7% vs. 46.5%); phagocytosis in the control group remained constant postpartum (50%) but it increased at d 7 in the overfed group to levels similar to controls (48.4%). Regardless of prepartum diet, parturition was characterized by an increase in nonesterified fatty acid and liver triacylglycerol, as well as blood indices of inflammation (ceruloplasmin and haptoglobin), oxidative stress (reactive oxygen metabolites), and liver injury (glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase). Concentrations of the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory compounds vitamin A, vitamin E, and -carotene decreased after calving. For vitamin A, the decrease was observed in overfed cows (47.3 vs. 27.5 g/100 mL). Overall, overfeeding energy and higher energy status prepartum led to the surge of insulin and had a transient effect on metabolism postpartum.
Oxidative stress may be affected by lead exposure as well as antioxidants, yet little is known about the interaction between dietary antioxidants and blood lead levels (BLL) on oxidative stress level. We investigated the interaction between dietary antioxidants and BLL on oxidative stress level. As part of the Biomarker Monitoring for Environmental Health conducted in Seoul and Incheon, Korea, between April and December 2005, we analysed data from 683 adults (female = 474 %, mean age 514 (sd 84) years) who had complete measures on BLL, dietary intakes and oxidative stress marker (urinary 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG)). Dietary intakes were assessed by a validated semi-quantitative FFQ, BLL was measured using atomic absorption spectrophotometry, and 8-OHdG by ELISA. Multivariate linear regression analyses were used to evaluate the influence of BLL on the association between dietary antioxidants and 8-OHdG. Geometric means of BLL and 8-OHdG concentrations were 41 (sd 15) g/dl and 54 (sd 19) g/g creatinine, respectively. Increases of vitamins C and E were significantly associated with the decrease of log10 8-OHdG in the adults from the lowest quartile of the BLL group ( 318 g/dl, geometric mean = 236 g/dl) than those of the highest quartile BLL group (>536 g/dl, geometric mean = 678 g/dl). Regarding antioxidant-related foods, vegetables excluding kimchi showed a higher inverse relationship with 8-OHdG in the lowest quartile BLL group than the highest group. These findings suggest a rationale for lowering the BLL and increasing the intake of dietary antioxidants in the urban population in Korea.
The purpose of this study was to determine the association of out-of-hand nut (OOHN) consumption with nutrient intake, diet quality, and the prevalence of risk factors for cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. Data from 24-hour recalls from individuals aged 2+ years (n = 24,385) participating in the 1999-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were used. The population was divided into children aged 2 to 11, 12 to 18, and adults 19+ years, and each group was dichotomized into OOHN consumers and nonconsumers. Out-of-hand nut consumers were defined as those individuals consuming  oz of nuts or more per d. Means, standard errors, and covariate-adjusted analyses of variance were determined using appropriate sample weights. Diet quality was determined using the Healthy Eating Index-2005. Significance was set at P < .05. The percent of OOHN consumers increased with age: 2.1%  0.3%, 2.6%  0.3%, 6.5%  0.5%, and 9.6%  0.5% those aged 2 to 11, 12 to 18, 19 to 50, and 51+ years, respectively. The 2 latter groups were combined into a single group of consumers aged 19+ years for subsequent analyses. Consumers of OOHN from all age groups had higher intakes of energy, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, dietary fiber, copper, and magnesium and lower intakes of carbohydrates, cholesterol, and sodium than did nonconsumers. Diet quality was higher in OOHN consumers of all age groups. In children aged 2 to 11 years, consumers had a higher prevalence of overweight/obesity. In those aged 12 to 18 years, weight and percent overweight were lower in consumers. Adult consumers had higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, red blood cell folate, and serum folate levels and lower insulin, glycohemoglobin, and C-reactive protein levels than did nonconsumers. Adult consumers also had a 19% decreased risk of hypertension and a 21% decreased risk of low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Data suggested that OOHN consumption was associated with improved nutrient intake, diet quality, and, in adults, a lower prevalence of 2 risk factors for metabolic syndrome. Consumption of OOHN, as part of a healthy diet, should be encouraged by health professionals.
OBJECTIVE: This study aims to ascertain the relationships between mineral consumption, hair mineral content, and blood pressure. METHODS: The study involved 26 postmenopausal women from enclosed religious communities, 14 were semi-vegetarians and 12 were omnivores. Mineral dietary assessment was performed using a 14-d precise weight method and Food tables. Hair mineral levels were measured by means Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass Spectrometry (ICP-MS) and Inductively Coupled Plasma Atomic Emission Spectrometry (ICP-OES). Multivariable stepwise linear regression analyses were performed to find out the variables that affected most blood pressure. RESULTS: In general terms, the omnivorous diet contained a significantly higher mineral content than the semi-vegetarian one. The mineral intake from both diets implied no health risk to the women studied, as their estimated daily intake (EDI) of toxic elements such as Cd and Pb was lower than their respective provisional tolerable weekly intake (PTWI) of these minerals. Hair of the semi-vegetarians contained higher amounts of Al (p < 0.01), Ba (p < 0.01), K (p < 0.001), Na (p < 0.001), Pb (p < 0.001) and Mn (p < 0.01) but lower levels of Ca (p < 0.05) and Zn (p < 0.05) than that of their omnivorous counterparts. The omnivores presented significantly higher systolic (p < 0.01) and diastolic (p < 0.05) pressures than the semi-vegetarians. Levels of hair Co (R = 0.328; p = 0.032) and hair K (R = 0.409; p = 0.014)) were explicative for systolic and diastolic blood pressure, respectively. CONCLUSION: Several dietary mineral and hair contents were higher in semi-vegetarian women suggesting that the hair is an important mineral excretion via contributing to maintain blood pressure at low levels. 
PURPOSE: Limited robust randomised controlled trials investigating fruit and vegetable (F&V) intake in people at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) exist. We aimed to design and validate a dietary strategy of increasing flavonoid-rich versus flavonoid-poor F&V consumption on nutrient biomarker profile. METHODS: A parallel, randomised, controlled, dose-response dietary intervention study. Participants with a CVD relative risk of 1.5 assessed by risk scores were randomly assigned to one of the 3 groups: habitual (control, CT), high-flavonoid (HF) or low-flavonoid (LF) diets. While the CT group (n = 57) consumed their habitual diet throughout, the HF (n = 58) and LF (n = 59) groups sequentially increased their daily F&V intake by an additional 2, 4 and 6 portions for 6-week periods during the 18-week study. RESULTS: Compliance to target numbers and types of F&V was broadly met and verified by dietary records, and plasma and urinary biomarkers. Mean ( SEM) number of F&V portions/day consumed by the HF and LF groups at baseline (3.8  0.3 and 3.4  0.3), 6 weeks (6.3  0.4 and 5.8  0.3), 12 weeks (7.0  0.3 and 6.8  0.3) and 18 weeks (7.6  0.4 and 8.1  0.4), respectively, was similar at baseline yet higher than the CT group (3.9  0.3, 4.3  0.3, 4.6  0.4, 4.5  0.3) (P = 0.015). There was a dose-dependent increase in dietary and urinary flavonoids in the HF group, with no change in other groups (P = 0.0001). Significantly higher dietary intakes of folate (P = 0.035), non-starch polysaccharides (P = 0.001), vitamin C (P = 0.0001) and carotenoids (P = 0.0001) were observed in both intervention groups compared with CT, which were broadly supported by nutrient biomarker analysis. CONCLUSIONS: The success of improving nutrient profile by active encouragement of F&V intake in an intervention study implies the need for a more hands-on public health approach. 
BACKGROUND: Protein from plant, as opposed to animal, sources may be preferred in chronic kidney disease (CKD) because of the lower bioavailability of phosphate and lower nonvolatile acid load. STUDY DESIGN: Observational cross-sectional study. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: A total of 2,938 participants with CKD and information on their dietary intake at the baseline visit in the Chronic Renal Insufficiency Cohort Study. PREDICTORS: Percentage of total protein intake from plant sources (percent plant protein) was determined by scoring individual food items using the National Cancer Institute Diet History Questionnaire (DHQ). OUTCOMES: Metabolic parameters, including serum phosphate, bicarbonate (HCO), potassium, and albumin, plasma fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23), and parathyroid hormone (PTH), and hemoglobin levels. MEASUREMENTS: We modeled the association between percent plant protein and metabolic parameters using linear regression. Models were adjusted for age, sex, race, diabetes status, body mass index, estimated glomerular filtration rate, income, smoking status, total energy intake, total protein intake, 24-hour urinary sodium concentration, use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors/angiotensin receptor blockers, and use of diuretics. RESULTS: Higher percent plant protein was associated with lower FGF-23 (P = .05) and higher HCO (P = .01) levels, but not with serum phosphate or parathyroid hormone concentrations (P = .9 and P = .5, respectively). Higher percent plant protein was not associated with higher serum potassium (P = .2), lower serum albumin (P = .2), or lower hemoglobin (P = .3) levels. The associations of percent plant protein with FGF-23 and HCO levels did not differ by diabetes status, sex, race, CKD stage (2/3 vs. 4/5), or total protein intake (0.8 g/kg/day vs. >0.8 g/kg/day; P-interaction >.10 for each). LIMITATIONS: This is a cross-sectional study; determination of percent plant protein using the Diet History Questionnaire has not been validated. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of a higher percentage of protein from plant sources may lower FGF-23 and raise HCO levels in patients with CKD. 
Trans fatty acid intake has been correlated to an unfavorable plasma lipoprotein profile and an increased cardiovascular disease risk. The present study aimed to identify a plasma protein biomarker panel related to human intake of elaidic acid. The human liver cell line HepG2-SF was used as a model system, and the cells were maintained for seven days in serum-free medium containing 100 M elaidic acid (trans9-C18:1), oleic acid (cis9-C18:1) or stearic acid (C18:0). The secretomes were analyzed by stable isotope labeling of amino acids in cell culture (SILAC), difference in gel electrophoresis (DIGE) and gene expression microarray analysis. Twelve proteins were found to be differentially regulated based on SILAC data (>1.3 fold change, P-value<0.05), 13 proteins were found to be differentially regulated based on DIGE analysis (>1.3 fold change, P-value<0.05), and 17 mRNA transcripts encoding extracellular proteins were determined to be affected (>1.3 fold change, P-value<0.01) following the addition of elaidic acid compared to oleic acid or stearic acid. The results revealed that 37 proteins were regulated specifically in response to elaidic acid exposure, and nine of these proteins were confirmed to be regulated in this manner by using selected reaction monitoring mass spectrometry.
The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) provides the most comprehensive assessment of the health and nutrition status of the US population. Up-to-date reference intervals on biomarkers and dietary intake inform the scientific and public health policy communities on current status and trends over time.The main purpose of dietary assessment methods such as the food-frequency questionnaire, food record (or diary), and 24-hr dietary recall is to estimate intake of nutrients and, together with supplement usage information, describe total intake of various foods or nutrients. As with all self-reporting methods, these tools are challenging to use and interpret. Yet, they are needed to establish dietary reference intake recommendations and to evaluate what proportion of the population meets these recommendations. While biomarkers are generally expensive and, to some degree, invasive, there is no question as to their ability to assess nutrition status. In some cases biomarkers can also be used to assess intake or function, although rarely can one biomarker fulfill all these purposes. For example, serum folate is a good indicator of folate intake, red blood cell (RBC) folate is a good status indicator, and plasma total homocysteine is a good functional indicator of one-carbon metabolism.Using folate and vitamin D - two vitamins that are currently hotly debated in the public health arena - as two case studies, we discuss the complexities of using biomarkers and total intake information to assess nutrition status. These two examples also show how biomarkers and intake provide different information and how both are needed to evaluate and set public health policy. We also provide guidance on general requirements for using nutrition biomarkers and food and supplement intake information in longitudinal, population-based surveys.
BACKGROUND: Oxidative and inflammatory stresses are involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. The consumption of fruit and vegetables is associated with improved health and reduced cardiovascular risk. Red oranges have a high content of antioxidant and antiinflammatory substances, but there is a paucity of data concerning their effects on cardiovascular biomarkers in subjects with increased cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of red orange juice intake on endothelial function, oxidative stress, and markers of inflammation in subjects with increased cardiovascular risk. DESIGN: Nineteen nondiabetic subjects with increased cardiovascular risk (aged 27-56 y) were included in a randomized, placebo-controlled, single-blind crossover study and compared with 12 healthy, nonobese control subjects. In 2 periods of 7 d each with a 3-d interval, each participant alternatively received 500 mL red orange juice/d and 500 mL placebo/d in a random sequence. All measurements were performed in the morning after overnight fasting. RESULTS: Endothelial function, which was measured as flow-mediated dilation, significantly improved and was normalized (5.7% compared with 7.9%; P < 0.005) after 1 wk of red orange juice consumption. Similarly, concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, IL-6, and TNF- significantly decreased (P < 0.001). Red orange juice had no significant effect on nitric oxide plasma concentrations. CONCLUSION: A 7-d consumption of red orange juice ameliorates endothelial function and reduces inflammation in nondiabetic subjects with increased cardiovascular risk. This trial was registered at biomedcentral.com as ISRCTN39987296. 
BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a major cause of mortality in the United Kingdom. Epidemiologic studies suggest that consumption of tomato-based foods may lower CVD risk. Such potential benefits have been ascribed in part to high concentrations of lycopene in the tomatoes. However, these findings have not yet been validated by comprehensive intervention trials. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to conduct a single-blind, randomized controlled intervention trial with healthy middle-aged volunteers to assess whether the consumption of tomato-based foods affects recognized biomarkers of CVD risk. DESIGN: After a 4-wk run-in period with a low-tomato diet, 225 volunteers (94 men and 131 women) aged 40-65 y were randomly assigned into 1 of 3 dietary intervention groups and asked to consume a control diet (low in tomato-based foods), a high-tomato-based diet, or a control diet supplemented with lycopene capsules (10 mg/d) for 12 wk. Blood samples were collected at baseline, at 6 wk, and after the intervention and were analyzed for carotenoid and lipid profiles and inflammatory markers. Blood pressure, weight, and arterial stiffness were also measured. Dietary intake was also determined during the intervention. RESULTS: None of the systemic markers (inflammatory markers, markers of insulin resistance and sensitivity) changed significantly after the dietary intervention. Moreover, lipid concentrations and arterial stiffness were also unaffected by the interventions. CONCLUSION: These data indicate that a relatively high daily consumption of tomato-based products (equivalent to 32-50 mg lycopene/d) or lycopene supplements (10 mg/d) is ineffective at reducing conventional CVD risk markers in moderately overweight, healthy, middle-aged individuals. This trial was registered at isrctn.org as ISRCTN34203810. 
The evidence for a relationship between dietary patterns and uric acid concentrations is scanty. Here, we used a validated food frequency questionnaire for an ethnic Chinese population in Taiwan to investigate the relationship between dietary patterns and uric acid concentrations. A cross-sectional study on 266 adults, who were interviewed with a 38-item food frequency questionnaire, was conducted and serum uric acid levels were measured. Three dietary patterns were derived from the questionnaire by exploratory factor analysis. Participants in the higher vegetable and fruit pattern quartiles were more likely to have a lower uric acid concentration (6.5 for the first, 5.7 for the second, 6.0 for the third, and 6.0 mg/dL for the fourth quartile, p = 0.030). For uric acid-prone patterns, as the quartiles increased, the adjusted mean uric acid concentrations increased significantly (5.88, 5.93, 5.99 and 6.38 mg/dL for each quartile, respectively, p = 0.04). However, the significance level was attenuated after adjusting for additional confounding factors. In conclusion, three dietary patterns were identified for ethnic Chinese in Taiwan, and the relationship between these dietary patterns and uric acid was not significant after adjustment.
AIMS: The objective of this study was to validate four specific International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaires (ICIQ) modules in the Greek language: (i) the ICIQ-FLUTS long form (ICIQ-FLUTS-LF), (ii) the ICIQ-FLUTS, (iii) the ICIQ-FLUTS-SEX, and (iv) the ICIQ-Vaginal Symptoms Questionnaire (ICIQ-VS), originally validated in English. METHODS: The English questionnaires were initially translated into Greek, then back-translated into English and final modifications were made after testing the questionnaires on a sample of patients. To validate the translated questionnaires, the following tests were undertaken: Content/face validity, internal consistency (reliability) and stability (test-retest reliability). RESULTS: A total of 122 women participated in the study. Eighty-nine presented with pelvic organ prolapse (POP) and/or urinary incontinence (UI) symptoms and 33 attended an outpatient gynecological clinic without POP/UI symptoms. All modules showed excellent content/face validity (missing values 0-2.5%). Cronbach's alpha test for internal consistency showed satisfactory to excellent reliability (0.876 for ICIQ-FLUTS-LF, 0.85 for ICIQ-FLUTS, and 0.83 for ICIQ-VS), with the exception ICIQ-FLUTS-SEX which was 0.69. The test-retest reliability showed moderate to near-perfect agreement (weighted kappa value 0.52-0.99). CONCLUSIONS: The Greek versions of the ICIQ-FLUTS-LF, ICIQ-FLUTS, and ICIQ-VS questionnaires were successfully validated. Our data showed that the ICIQ FLUTS-SEX questionnaire, as it stands in its current English version, cannot be reliably used to assess sex symptoms in the Greek female population. 
OBJECTIVES: The relationship between sodium intake and blood pressure (BP) in population studies varies depending on the dietary habit and the characteristics of the population studied. Asian dietary patterns and salt sensitivity have been suggested to explain this association. Aging and metabolic syndrome (MS) are the most common reasons for salt sensitivity in populations. PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: We therefore examined the dietary patterns in the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. RESULTS: In a multiple regression model for 3757 patients, age, antihypertensive medication, BMI, family history of hypertension, and MS were positively associated with systolic BP, whereas female sex, income, educational status, and fruit intake were negatively associated with systolic BP. Fruit intake was the only dietary factor that was negatively associated with systolic BP (P=0.017). In MS (n=712), sodium and fruit intake was independently positively and negatively associated with systolic BP, respectively, discounting age and medication. In contrast, in normal individuals (n=3045), diet was not related to systolic BP. The relationship between diet and systolic BP is more clear-cut in MS. CONCLUSION: Dietary pattern and salt sensitivity at the population level could be a cause of the relationship between sodium intake and BP. 
Exposure to perchlorate is widespread in the United States and many studies have attempted to character the perchlorate exposure by estimating the average daily intakes of perchlorate. These approaches provided population-based estimates, but did not provide individual-level exposure estimates. Until recently, exposure activity database such as CSFII, TDS and NHANES become available and provide opportunities to evaluate the individual-level exposure to chemical using exposure surveillance dataset. In this study, we use perchlorate as an example to investigate the usefulness of urinary biomarker data for predicting exposures at the individual level. Specifically, two analyses were conducted: (1) using data from a controlled human study to examine the ability of a physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model to predict perchlorate concentrations in single-spot and cumulative urine samples; and (2) using biomarker data from a population-based study and a PBPK model to demonstrate the challenges in linking urinary biomarker concentrations to intake doses for individuals. Results showed that the modeling approach was able to characterize the distribution of biomarker concentrations at the population level, but predicting the exposure-biomarker relationship for individuals was much more difficult. The type of information needed to reduce the uncertainty in estimating intake doses, for individuals, based on biomarker measurements is discussed.
The aim of this study was to assess relationships between the fatty acid contents of plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids and those in liver, heart, brain, kidney and quadriceps muscle in rats. To obtain a wide range of tissue omega-3 (n-3) long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) we subjected weanling rats to dietary treatment with the n-3 LCPUFA precursor, alpha linolenic acid (ALA, 18:3 n-3) for 3 weeks. With the exception of the brain, we found strong and consistent correlations between the total n-3 LCPUFA fatty acid content of both plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids with fatty acid levels in all tissues. The relationships between eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20:5 n-3) and docosapentaenoic acid (DPA, 22:5 n-3) content in both blood fractions with levels in liver, kidney, heart and quadriceps muscle phospholipids were stronger than those for docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6 n-3). The strong correlations between the EPA+DHA (the Omega-3 Index), total n-3 LCPUFA and total n-3 PUFA contents in both plasma and erythrocyte phospholipids and tissues investigated in this study suggest that, under a wide range of n-3 LCPUFA values, plasma and erythrocyte n-3 fatty acid content reflect not only dietary PUFA intakes but also accumulation of endogenously synthesised n-3 LCPUFA, and thus can be used as a reliable surrogate for assessing n-3 status in key peripheral tissues.
PURPOSE: This study investigated the postoperative quality of life (QOL) after laparoscopy-assisted pylorus-preserving gastrectomy (LAPPG) in comparison to laparoscopy-assisted distal gastrectomy (LADG). METHODS: Twenty-one patients with early-stage gastric cancer underwent minimally invasive LADG (n = 12) or LAPPG (n = 9). Demographic and cancer-related data were obtained retrospectively from medical records. QOL was assessed using a 13-item questionnaire and the Japanese edition of the Gastrointestinal Symptom Rating Scale, which were mailed to patients twice postoperatively. Body weight and hemoglobin levels were measured at the same time. RESULTS: Early upper abdominal pain was rated as significantly worse with LAPPG than with LADG at the first checkup (1.4 vs. 1.0, P = 0.02) but not at the second checkup (1.3 vs. 1.0, P = 0.07). There was a trend toward less body weight loss in the LAPPG patients in comparison to the LADG patients. The serum hemoglobin levels of LAPPG patients at the second checkup showed significantly higher than LADG patients (13.3 vs. 11.6 g/dL, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: LAPPG and LADG produce similar QOL in patients. Trends toward less body weight loss and improved anemia in LAPPG patients may therefore become more pronounced in future studies that have adequate number of the patients and longer follow-up periods. 
AIM:  Dietary habits are involved in the development of chronic inflammation; however, the impact of dietary profiles of hepatitis C virus carriers with persistently normal alanine transaminase levels (HCV-PNALT) remains unclear. The decision-tree algorithm is a data-mining statistical technique, which uncovers meaningful profiles of factors from a data collection. We aimed to investigate dietary profiles associated with HCV-PNALT using a decision-tree algorithm. METHODS:  Twenty-seven HCV-PNALT and 41 patients with chronic hepatitis C were enrolled in this study. Dietary habit was assessed using a validated semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. A decision-tree algorithm was created by dietary variables, and was evaluated by area under the receiver operating characteristic curve analysis (AUROC). RESULTS:  In multivariate analysis, fish to meat ratio, dairy product and cooking oils were identified as independent variables associated with HCV-PNALT. The decision-tree algorithm was created with two variables: a fish to meat ratio and cooking oils/ideal bodyweight. When subjects showed a fish to meat ratio of 1.24 or more, 68.8% of the subjects were HCV-PNALT. On the other hand, 11.5% of the subjects were HCV-PNALT when subjects showed a fish to meat ratio of less than 1.24 and cooking oil/ideal bodyweight of less than 0.23g/kg. The difference in the proportion of HCV-PNALT between these groups are significant (odds ratio 16.87, 95% CI 3.40-83.67, P=0.0005). Fivefold cross-validation of the decision-tree algorithm showed an AUROC of 0.6947 (95% CI 0.5656-0.8238, P=0.0067). CONCLUSION:  The decision-tree algorithm disclosed that fish to meat ratio and cooking oil/ideal bodyweight were associated with HCV-PNALT. 
BACKGROUND: Organic food is perceived as being of better quality and healthier than conventional foods although the scientific research on organic foodstuffs is highly contradictory. The aim of the present study was to investigate if intake of carrots from four different cultivation systems grown in two consecutive years would influence various biomarkers of health in a rat model. All rats were fed a diet with 40% carrot content. The carrots were grown under conventional (C), 'minimalistic' organic (O1), organic (O2), or 'very' organic cultivation systems (O3). A control group (CO) being fed standard rat chow was included. RESULTS: The plasma -tocopherol concentration was higher in the O2 carrot-based diet group than in the C carrot based-diet group in one year, while all other health biomarkers or nutrient content differences were observed between the CO diet and the carrot-based diets. CONCLUSION: This well-controlled field study demonstrated no clear influence of cultivation methods or harvest year on the nutritional quality of carrots or effect of cultivation methods on health-related biomarkers in a sensitive rat model. However, the experimental set-up and selected biomarkers could be used as a framework for further studies of health in relation to organic foodstuff. 
Obese and sedentary persons have increased risk for cancer; inflammation is a hypothesized mechanism. We examined the effects of a caloric restriction weight loss diet and exercise on inflammatory biomarkers in 439 women. Overweight and obese postmenopausal women were randomized to 1-year: caloric restriction diet (goal of 10% weight loss, N = 118), aerobic exercise (225 min/wk of moderate-to-vigorous activity, N = 117), combined diet + exercise (N = 117), or control (N = 87). Baseline and 1-year high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), serum amyloid A (SAA), interleukin-6 (IL-6), leukocyte, and neutrophil levels were measured by investigators blind to group. Inflammatory biomarker changes were compared using generalized estimating equations. Models were adjusted for baseline body mass index (BMI), race/ethnicity, and age. Four hundred and thirty-eight (N = 1 in diet + exercise group was excluded) were analyzed. Relative to controls, hs-CRP decreased by geometric mean (95% confidence interval, P value): 0.92 mg/L (0.53-1.31, P < 0.001) in the diet and 0.87 mg/L (0.51-1.23, P < 0.0001) in the diet + exercise groups. IL-6 decreased by 0.34 pg/mL (0.13-0.55, P = 0.001) in the diet and 0.32 pg/mL (0.15-0.49, P < 0.001) in the diet + exercise groups. Neutrophil counts decreased by 0.31  10(9)/L (0.09-0.54, P = 0.006) in the diet and 0.30  10(9)/L (0.09-0.50, P = 0.005) in the diet + exercise groups. Diet and diet + exercise participants with 5% or more weight loss reduced inflammatory biomarkers (hs-CRP, SAA, and IL-6) compared with controls. The diet and diet + exercise groups reduced hs-CRP in all subgroups of baseline BMI, waist circumference, CRP level, and fasting glucose. Our findings indicate that a caloric restriction weight loss diet with or without exercise reduces biomarkers of inflammation in postmenopausal women, with potential clinical significance for cancer risk reduction.
BACKGROUND: Alcohol consumption causes motor vehicle accident (MVA) injury in a dose-response fashion. However, the relationship between how this risk is different with respect to fatal and nonfatal outcomes is not clear. A meta-analysis has already been completed for alcohol consumption and nonfatal MVA injury, but none exists for fatal injury. Thus, an analysis of the acute dose-response relationship between alcohol and motor vehicle injury death is warranted to generate single occasion- and dose-specific relative risks for the first time. METHODS: A systematic literature review and inverse-variance weighted, random effects meta-analysis were conducted to fill this gap. Fractional polynomial regression was used to model the dose-response relationship. Usual tests of heterogeneity and publication bias were run. RESULTS: Five studies meeting the inclusion criteria of this analysis were selected. At all levels of blood alcohol concentration (BAC), the odds ratio (OR) of fatal motor vehicle injury was significant. Overall, the 5 combined studies yielded an OR of fatal injury of 1.74 (95% CI: 1.43-2.14) for every 0.02% increase in BAC. At 0.08, the legal limit in most countries, the OR was 13.0 (95% CI: 11.1-15.2). CONCLUSIONS: This study is able to definitively show and quantify, for the first time, the significantly increased OR for fatal motor vehicle injury. This analysis showed some evidence of both study heterogeneity and publication bias, likely due to the increased variation we could expect from a small study number. The alcohol-caused fatal motor vehicle injury literature is sparse with respect to dose-response information. More studies investigating this relationship and other injury types are recommended in this area to be able to calculate stable estimates of risk overall and by injury type specifically. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of long-term ingestion of mate tea, with or without dietary intervention, on the markers of oxidative stress in dyslipidemic individuals. METHODS: Seventy-four dyslipidemic volunteers participated in this randomized clinical trial. Subjects were divided into three treatment groups: mate tea (MT), dietary intervention (DI), and mate tea with dietary intervention (MD). Biochemical and dietary variables were assessed at the beginning of the study (baseline) and after 20, 40, 60, and 90 d of treatment. Participants in the MT and MD groups consumed 1 L/d of mate tea. Those in the DI and MD groups were instructed to increase their intake of fruit, legumes and vegetables and decrease their consumption of foods rich in cholesterol and saturated and trans-fatty acids. Biomarkers of oxidative stress such as antioxidant capacity of serum (ferric reducing antioxidant potential assay), uric acid, reduced glutathione, paraoxonase-1 enzyme, lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH), and protein carbonyl were analyzed. RESULTS: Participants in the DI group showed a significant decrease in total fat and saturated fatty acid intakes. Those in the DI and MD groups presented a significant increase in vitamin C consumption. For all groups, there was a significant increase in ferric reducing antioxidant potential and reduced glutathione concentrations but no significant changes in LOOH, protein carbonyl, and paraoxonase-1 values. The reduced glutathione concentration was positively correlated with the consumption of monounsaturated fatty acids, fiber, and vitamin C, whereas levels of LOOH were inversely correlated with intakes of vitamin C and fiber. In addition, LOOH correlated positively with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and inversely with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, which had a positive association with paraoxonase-1. CONCLUSION: The ingestion of mate tea independently of the dietary intervention increased plasma and blood antioxidant protection in patients with dyslipidemia. 
BACKGROUND: Canadian dietary sources of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) include marine and non-marine whole foods, functional foods, and nutraceuticals. OBJECTIVE/DESIGN: In the present study, these sources were incorporated into a nutrient-specific, semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) and the ability to measure the EPA and DHA intakes of Canadian adults was assessed. Specifically, the EPA and DHA intakes estimated by FFQ of 78 men and women, 20 to 60 years of age, were compared with EPA and DHA measurements from 3-day food records and measures of EPA and DHA in fasting whole blood. RESULTS: Mean (standard deviation) and median intakes of EPA+DHA were 0.340.34 and 0.21 g/day by FFQ and 0.470.71 and 0.13 g/day by food record, with no significant differences between mean intakes (P=0.93). The FFQ provided higher estimates than the food record at low intakes of EPA and DHA and lower estimates at high intakes based on Bland-Altman plots. The FFQ was moderately correlated with food record (r=0.31 to 0.49) and with blood biomarker measures of EPA and DHA (r=0.31 to 0.51). Agreement analysis revealed that 42% of participants were classified in the same and 77% into same or adjacent quartile when EPA and DHA intake was assessed by food record and by FFQ. Similar quartile agreement was found for EPA and DHA intakes by FFQ with blood biomarker EPA and DHA. The range of the validity coefficients, calculated using the method of triads, was 0.43 to 0.71 for FFQ measurement of EPA+DHA. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ is an adequate tool for estimating usual EPA and DHA intakes and ranking Canadian adults by their intakes. 
The aim of this study was to investigate the influencing factors that characterize low density lipoprotein (LDL) phenotype and the levels of LDL particle size in healthy Korean women. In 57 healthy Korean women (mean age, 57.4  13.1 yrs), anthropometric and biochemical parameters such as lipid profiles and LDL particle size were measured. Dietary intake was estimated by a developed semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. The study subjects were divided into two groups: LDL phenotype A (mean size: 269.7, n = 44) and LDL phenotype B (mean size: 248.2, n = 13). Basic characteristics were not significantly different between the two groups. The phenotype B group had a higher body mass index, higher serum levels of triglyceride, total-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, apolipoprotein (apo)B, and apoCIII but lower levels of high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and LDL particle size than those of the phenotype A group. LDL particle size was negatively correlated with serum levels of triglyceride (r = -0.732, P < 0.001), total-cholesterol, apoB, and apoCIII, as well as carbohydrate intake (%En) and positively correlated with serum levels of HDL-cholesterol and ApoA1 and fat intake (%En). A stepwise multiple linear regression analysis revealed that carbohydrate intake (%En) and serum triglyceride levels were the primary factors influencing LDL particle size (P < 0.001, R(2) = 0.577). This result confirmed that LDL particle size was closely correlated with circulating triglycerides and demonstrated that particle size is significantly associated with dietary carbohydrate in Korean women.
The aims of the present study were to review the validity of dietary methods used to measure the usual long chain (LC) omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n-3 PUFA) intake of a population and to assess the usefulness of different biomarkers of n-3 PUFA in healthy humans. Two systematic literature searches were conducted until May 2011 to update previous systematic reviews. The first literature search aimed to find studies validating the methodology used for measuring the dietary intake of n-3 PUFA. The second search aimed to find human intervention studies in which n-3 PUFA status changed after 2 weeks of n-3 PUFA supplementation. Sixteen studies were identified for inclusion in the first review. Correlation coefficients between fatty acids in subcutaneous fat or blood lipids and dietary intake of n-3 PUFA from different questionnaires were similar. Subcutaneous fat has been reported as the best reference method for some authors, and these studies showed moderate correlation coefficients with no dietary intake method being superior to any other. As for the evaluation of biomarkers of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22 : 6 n-3) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 20 : 5n-3) status in response to supplementation, the new search reaffirmed and reinforced the evidence supporting that plasma phospholipid DHA, erythrocyte DHA, and platelet DHA were all effective and robust biomarkers of DHA status. Our findings only confirmed earlier studies and did not provide evidence for reaching new conclusions.
Recommendations for zinc intake during pregnancy and lactation vary widely across Europe. Using data on zinc intake and biomarkers of zinc status reported in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and observational studies can provide estimates of dose-response relationships that may be used for underpinning zinc reference values. This systematic review included all RCTs, prospective cohort studies, nested case-control studies and cross-sectional studies in healthy pregnant and lactating populations published by February 2010 which provided data on zinc intake and biomarkers of zinc status. An intake-status regression coefficient () was calculated for each individual study and calculated the overall pooled  and SE () using random effects meta-analysis on a double log scale. The pooled dose-response relationship between zinc intake and zinc status found that a doubling of zinc intake was associated with an increase in serum/plasma zinc status by 3% in pregnant women and by 1% in lactating women. These modest associations are likely to reflect the low-moderate zinc bioavailability dietary patterns and the widespread use of other micronutrients in the populations included in this review, physiologic adjustments of zinc homeostasis, insensitivity of serum/plasma zinc as a biomarker of zinc status, and wide heterogeneity between study results which reflect real uncertainty in the current evidence base. Although this review provides useful information for dietary zinc requirements in populations vulnerable to zinc deficiency, it also highlights a need for further studies in pregnant and lactating women with different dietary patterns in order to provide useful complementary evidence that can be utilized when setting zinc recommendations as a basis for nutrition policies in Europe.
Accurate food and nutrient intake assessment is essential for investigating diet-disease relationships. In the present study, food and nutrient intake assessment among European adolescents using 24 h recalls (mean of two recalls) and a FFQ (separately and the combination of both) were evaluated using concentration biomarkers. Biomarkers included were vitamin C, -carotene, DHA+EPA, vitamin B12 (cobalamin and holo-transcobalamin) and folate (erythrocyte folate and plasma folate). For the evaluation of the food intake assessment 390 adolescents were included, while 697 were included for the nutrient intake assessment evaluation. Spearman rank and Pearson correlations, and validity coefficients, which are correlations between intake estimated and habitual true intake, were calculated. Correlations were higher between frequency of food consumption (from the FFQ) and concentration biomarkers than between mean food intake (from the recalls) and concentration biomarkers, especially for DHA+EPA (r 035 v. r 027). Most correlations were higher among girls than boys. For boys, the highest validity coefficients were found for frequency of fruit consumption (088) and for DHA+EPA biomarker (071). In girls, the highest validity coefficients were found for fruit consumption frequency (076), vegetable consumption frequency (074), mean fruit intake (090) and DHA+EPA biomarker (069). After exclusion of underreporters, correlations slightly improved. Correlations between usual food intakes, adjusted for food consumption frequency, and concentration biomarkers were higher than correlations between mean food intakes and concentration biomarkers. In conclusion, two non-consecutive 24 h recalls in combination with a FFQ seem to be appropriate to rank subjects according to their usual food intake.
Increased plasma total antioxidant capacity (TAC) has been associated with a high consumption of fruits and vegetables. However, limited information is available on whether plasma TAC reflects the dietary intake of antioxidants and the levels of individual antioxidants in plasma. By using three different assays, the study aimed to determine if plasma TAC can effectively predict dietary intake of antioxidants and plasma antioxidant status. Forty overweight and apparently healthy postmenopausal women were recruited. Seven-day food records and 12-h fasting blood samples were collected for dietary and plasma antioxidant assessments. Plasma TAC was determined by vitamin C equivalent antioxidant capacity (VCEAC), ferric-reducing ability of plasma (FRAP) and oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) assays. TAC values determined by VCEAC were highly correlated with FRAP (r=0.79, P<.01) and moderately correlated with ORAC (r=0.34, P<.05). Pearson correlation analyses showed that plasma TAC values by VCEAC and ORAC had positive correlation with plasma uric acid (r=0.56 for VCEAC; r=0.49 for ORAC) and total phenolics (r=0.63 for VCEAC; r=0.36 for ORAC). However, TAC measured by FRAP was correlated only with uric acid (r=0.69). After multivariate adjustment, plasma TAC determined by VCEAC was positively associated with dietary intakes of -tocopherol (P<.001), -carotene (P<.05), anthocyanidins (P<.05), flavones (P<.05), proanthocyanidins (P<.01) and TAC (P<.05), as well as with plasma total phenolics (P<.05), -tocopherol (P<.001), -cryptoxanthin (P<.05) and uric acid (P<.05). The findings indicate that plasma TAC measured by VCEAC reflects both dietary and plasma antioxidants and represents more closely the plasma antioxidant levels than ORAC and FRAP.
The Salmon in Pregnancy Study investigated whether the increased consumption of (n-3) long-chain PUFA (LC-PUFA) from farmed Atlantic salmon affects immune function during pregnancy and atopic disease in neonates compared with a habitual diet low in oily fish. In this context, because the ingestion of (n-3) LC-PUFA may lower the concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers, we investigated whether the consumption of oily fish affects the levels of inflammatory cytokines and vascular adhesion factors during pregnancy. Pregnant women (n = 123) were randomly assigned to continue their habitual diet (control group, n = 61), which was low in oily fish, or to consume two 150-g salmon portions/wk (salmon group, n = 62; providing 3.45 g EPA plus DHA) from 20 wk of gestation until delivery. Plasma inflammatory cytokines and vascular adhesion factors were measured in maternal plasma samples. Inflammatory biomarkers, including IL-8, hepatocyte growth factor, and monocyte chemotactic protein, increased over the course of pregnancy (P < 0.001), whereas plasma matrix metalloproteinase 9, IL-6, TNF, and nerve growth factor concentrations were not affected. Vascular homeostasis biomarkers soluble E-selectin, soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1, and total plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 increased as pregnancy progressed (P < 0.001). The plasma sICAM-1 concentration was greater in the control group than in the salmon group at wk 20 (baseline) and 38 (P = 0.007) but there was no group x time interaction, and when baseline concentration was used as a covariate, the groups did not differ (P = 0.69). The remaining biomarkers analyzed were similar in both groups. Therefore, although some inflammatory and vascular homeostasis biomarkers change during pregnancy, they are not affected by the increased intake of farmed salmon.
An objective noninvasive biomarker for fruit and vegetable (FV) consumption would help to more reliably characterize the relationship between FV intake and health status in observational studies. Because increases in urinary hippuric acid (HA) were observed after consumption of several FV varieties, we aimed to investigate whether 24-h urinary HA may represent a potential biomarker for FV consumption in children and adolescents. The association of FV and juice (FVJ) intake calculated from 3-d weighed dietary records with 24-h urinary HA excretion was analyzed in 240 healthy children and adolescents and compared with associations of the established biomarkers urinary nitrogen (uN) and urinary potassium (uK) with protein and potassium intake, respectively. Spearman correlation coefficients (r) and cross-classifications were calculated for all diet-biomarker associations. Potential confounders for the HA-FVJ association were examined in linear regression models. In children, correlations of HA with FVJ (r = 0.62), uN with protein (r = 0.64), and potassium intake with uK (r = 0.65) were comparable. In adolescents, the HA-FVJ association was weaker (r = 0.41) compared with the biomarkers uN (r = 0.60) and uK (r = 0.58) (all P < 0.0001). Cross-classification into the same/adjacent quartile by dietary and urinary data were >85% for all analyzed comparisons except for a 75% classification agreement between HA and FVJ in adolescents. Unadjusted and adjusted linear regression models indicated significant (P < 0.0001) HA-FVJ associations in both age groups. FVJ explained more of the variability in HA excretion in children (R(2) = 0.38) than in adolescents (R(2) = 0.22). Our findings in children showing HA-FVJ associations comparable to those for well-established biomarkers with their respective dietary intakes suggest that HA may represent a useful biomarker for FVJ.
The aim of this study was to investigate the antiadiposity effect of bitter melon seed oil (BMSO), which is rich in the cis-9, trans-11, trans-13 isomer of conjugated linolenic acid. In Expt. 1, C57BL/6J mice were fed a butter-based, high-fat diet [HB; 29% butter + 1% soybean oil (SBO)] for 10 wk to induce obesity. They then continued to receive that diet or were switched to an SBO-based, high-fat diet alone (HS; 30% SBO) or containing bitter melon seed oil (BMSO) (HBM; 15% SBO + 15% BMSO) for 5 wk. The body fat percentage was significantly lower in mice fed the HBM diet (21%), but not the HS diet, compared with mice fed the HB diet. In Expt. 2, mice were fed an SBO-based, high-fat diet containing 0 (HS), 5 (LBM), 10 (MBM), or 15% (HBM) BMSO for 10 wk. In the LBM, MBM, and HBM groups, the body fat percentage was significantly lower by 32, 35, and 65%, respectively, compared with the HS control. The reduction in the HBM group was significantly greater than that in the LBM or MBM group. BMSO administration increased phosphorylation of acetyl-CoA carboxylase, cAMP-activated protein kinase (PKA), and signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 in the white adipose tissue (WAT), suggesting that PKA and leptin signaling might be involved in the BMSO-mediated reduction in lipogenesis and increase in thermogenesis and lipolysis. However, compared with the HS control, the HBM group had a significantly higher TNF concentration in the WAT accompanied by TUNEL-positive nuclei. We conclude that BMSO is effective in attenuating body fat accumulation through mechanisms associated with PKA activation and programmed cell death in the WAT, but safety concerns need to be carefully addressed.
Serum- and glucocorticoid-inducible kinase 1 (SGK1) has a central role in epithelial sodium channel (ENaC)-dependent Na(+) transport in the distal nephron. We hypothesized that SGK1 gene variants may contribute to the effect of dietary salt intake on blood pressure (BP) in humans with hypertension, and consequentially influence renin-angiotensin-aldosterone (RAA) system activity. Our study population included 421 hypertensive Caucasian participants of the HyperPath group who had completed a dietary salt protocol with measurement of BP and RAA system activity. Three SGK1 tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from the HapMap CEU population captured the genetic variation in the SGK1 region. Assuming an additive genetic model, two SNPs (rs2758151 and rs9402571) were associated with BP and plasma renin activity (PRA) effects of dietary salt intake. Major alleles were associated with higher systolic BP on high salt and decreased PRA on low salt. In contrast, low salt neutralized genotype differences. Similar, non-significant trends were observed in a normotensive population (N=152). Genotype was also associated with two salt-sensitive subtypes of hypertension. SGK1 genetic variants are associated with salt sensitivity of BP and PRA in human hypertension. Genotype status at these SGK1 variants may identify individuals prone to salt-sensitive hypertension.
"Obu-Otoyo" in folklore has been used as salt substitutes in diet of patients for the management of hypertension with no report on its toxicological effects. Hence, this study sought to investigate the effect of dietary inclusion of two types of the salt substitutes (Obu-Otoyo): salt A and salt B on some biochemical indices in rats. The mineral content of the salt substitutes was determined and the salt substitutes were fed to normal rats as dietary inclusion (0.1-1.0%). The dietary inclusion of the salt substitutes caused a significant (P<0.05) increase in plasma activities of alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST), total bilirubin, and atherogenic lipids content (total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and triglyceride) with a concomitant decrease in the HDL-cholesterol content when compared with the control. Furthermore, the mineral determination of the salt substitutes revealed the presence of some toxic metals. The alterations in plasma activities of liver function enzymes and lipid profile in rat fed dietary inclusions of "Obu-Otoyo" may be related to the high content of some toxic/heavy metals in the salt substitutes. Therefore, this finding indicates that Obu-Otoyo is toxic to rat.
PURPOSE: This study investigated the relationship between social support (including instrumental support, emotional support, social interaction, social space, and family networks) and diet quality, as indicated by serum carotenoid levels. DESIGN AND METHODS: The sample consisted of participants in the Women's Health and Aging Study with longitudinal carotenoid data (n=325). We performed regression analyses using baseline indicators of social support and changes in social support to determine whether baseline levels and/or change in levels of social support predict changes in serum carotenoid levels. Social support changes were measured over 1 year from baseline to follow-up round 1. Carotenoid level changes were established from follow-up round 1 to round 2. To determine whether or not regression to the mean was driving these results, we performed an analysis that included baseline and change levels of social support indicators. RESULTS: At baseline, the frequency of leaving one's home was associated with a decrease in carotenoid levels. Leaving one's home more frequently predicted an increase in carotenoid levels and attending fewer activities predicted a decrease in carotenoid levels. IMPLICATIONS: In older, community-resident disabled women, baseline levels of social support did not consistently predict diet quality. However, change in social support predicted both positive and negative change in diet quality and thus provides supportive evidence that social activity and family interaction may play meaningful roles in the maintenance of diet quality among functionally compromised older women. Further research is necessary to more fully understand the impact of multiple forms of social supports on the diet quality of older adults. 
OBJECTIVES: We studied the association and agreement between questionnaire data and biomarkers of marine food among Greenland Inuit. DESIGN: Cross sectional study. METHODS: The study population comprised 2,224 Inuit, age 18+ (43% men); data collected 2005-2008 in Greenland. Using a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), we calculated consumption of seal, whale, and fish (g/day) and as meals/month, intake of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), total N3, and mercury. We measured erythrocyte membrane fatty acids (FA) and whole blood mercury (Hg). Associations were assessed by Pearson correlation and agreement between the 2 methods was assessed by Bland-Altman plots depicting mean difference between the methods. Using multiple linear regressions, the associations were studied between whole blood mercury, erythrocyte FA and frequency or gram per day of seal, whale, and fish. RESULTS: Partial correlations ranged from r=0.16, p<0.0001 (DHA) to r=0.56, p<0.0001 (mercury). The best fitted lines were found for mercury and DHA. Mean difference was negative for mercury but positive for all the FA biomarkers. In a multiple logistic regression analysis, the best association was found between whole blood mercury and seal consumption, both as frequency in meals and actual intake gram per day: =1.07 g (95% CI: 1.06; 1.08) and =1.04 g (95% CI: 1.03; 1.04), respectively. CONCLUSION: Mercury showed the best correlation and agreement between calculated and measured values. Calculated actual intake in gram per day and frequency of meals showed similar associations with whole blood mercury and erythrocyte membrane FAs. 
The satiating effect of fibre consumption has been related to gut hormones, such as peptide YY and leptin. These peptides may also influence cardiovascular (CVD) risk biomarkers. Nevertheless, there is wide interindividual variation in metabolic responses to fibre consumption. The objective was to investigate differences in the effects of soluble fibre, in the form of Plantago ovata husk (Po-husk) treatment, on CVD risk biomarkers according to selected polymorphisms in genes related to satiety. The study was a multi-centred, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel and randomised trial in mild-moderate hypercholesterolaemic patients (age range: 43-67years). Eight polymorphisms in three genes related to satiety (LEP, NPY and PYY) were identified in 178 participants; 88 patients in the placebo (microcrystalline cellulose 14g/day) group and 90 in the Po-husk (14g/day) group, which had added to a low-saturated-fat diet for 8weeks. The CVD biomarkers measured included the following: lipid profile, blood pressure (BP), glucose, insulin, hs-CRP, oxidised LDL and IL-6. Relative to the placebo, Po-husk consumption lowered the plasma total cholesterol concentration by 3.3% according to rs7799039 polymorphism in the LEP gene (p<0.05). Furthermore, the Po-husk reduced systolic BP (mean [95% CI]) by -8mmHg (-14.16; -1.90) and hs-CRP by 24.9% in subjects with the AA genotype of the rs16147 polymorphism in the NPY gene (32% of our total population; p<0.05), which remained significant after Bonferroni correction. In conclusion, polymorphisms in the LEP and NPY genes potentiate the response to Po-husk, particularly the effects on systolic BP and the hs-CRP plasma concentration.
BACKGROUND: Vitamin D deficiency has been identified as a major public health problem worldwide. Sunlight is the main source of vitamin D and its measurement using dosimeters is expensive and difficult for use in population-based studies. Hence, the aim of this study was to develop and validate questionnaires to assess sunlight exposure in healthy individuals residing in Karachi, Pakistan. METHODS: Two questionnaires with seven important items for sunlight exposure assessment were developed. Fifty four healthy adults were enrolled based on their reported sunlight exposure (high=17, moderate=18, low=19) from Aga Khan University, Karachi. Over four days, study participants were asked to wear a dosimeter between sunrise and sunset and report time spent and activities undertaken in the sun for questionnaire validation. Algorithm for item weightage was created as an average score based on ultraviolet B percentage received. Blood samples were obtained for serum vitamin D. RESULTS: The mean time (minutes) spent in sun over 4days (SD) was 69.5 (32) for low, 83.5 (29.7) for moderate and 329 (115) for high exposure group. The correlation between average time (minutes) spent in sun over 4days and mean change in absorbance of UV dosimeters for 4days was 0.60 (p<0.01). Correlation between average score and vitamin D levels was found to be 0.36 (p=0.01) for short term questionnaire score, 0.43 (p=0.01) for long term questionnaire score in summers and 0.48 (p=0.01) in winters. CONCLUSIONS: The sunlight exposure measurement questionnaires were valid tools for use in large epidemiological studies to quantify sunlight exposure. 
AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To assess reliability and validity of the Turkish version of the Short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire. BACKGROUND: Pain is one of the most frequent and significant problems encountered by nurses practice across the world. The Short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire was widely translated and used to assess the pain experience of several types of patients because it combines the properties of the standard McGill Pain Questionnaire but takes substantially less time to administer. DESIGN: The study used psychometric testing to establish reliability and validity of the Turkish version of Short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire. METHODS: A convenience sample of 160 patients with leukaemia in Turkey was used to collect data regarding pain evaluation. The original version of the Short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire, adapted into Turkish, was tested for internal consistency, content validity, construct validity and concurrent validity. RESULTS: Internal consistency was found adequate at both assessments with Cronbach's  0.88 for test and 0.91 for retest. For reliability of the total, sensory, affective and evaluative total pain intensity, high intraclass correlations were demonstrated (0.85, 0.84, 0.82 and 0.70, respectively). Correlation of total, sensory and affective score with the numerical rating scale was tested for construct validity demonstrating r = 0.61 (p < 0.01) for test and r = 0.68 (p < 0.01) for retest. Correlation with blood pressure values for concurrent validity was found to be r = 0.78 (p < 0.001) for test and r = 0.73 (p < 0.001) for retest. CONCLUSION: Turkish version of the Short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire has shown statistically acceptable levels of reliability and validity for pain evaluation in patients with leukaemia. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: This study provided evidence that the Turkish version of the Short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire is a reliable and valid instrument for assessing pain. This scale can be used to assess nursing interventions aimed at decreasing pain and efficacy of the treatment. 
Objective. To validate the Swedish versions of the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire (IIQ-7) and Urogenital Distress Inventory (UDI-6). Design and setting. Prospective study, university hospital. Population and method. We analyzed reliability, validity, and responsiveness in a clinical sample of 96 women with urinary incontinence. Main outcome measures. Construct and criterion validity, reliability via test-retest and internal consistency. Responsiveness via calculation of effect size. Result. Test-retest reliability ranged from moderate to almost perfect. Cronbach's alpha was 0.39 (UDI-6) and 0.83 (IIQ-7). Effect size calculation of change after treatment demonstrated good responsiveness. The effect size at six months was moderate in the Stress Urinary Incontinence group and small in the Urge Urinary Incontinence + Mixed Urinary Incontinence group. There was a moderate to strong correlation between UDI-6 and IIQ-7 and treatment satisfaction at six, 12, and 24 months for both groups. Conclusion. The UDI-6 scale did not produce the same solid result in the psychometric analysis as the IIQ-7 scale, but these newly translated Swedish forms of UDI-6 and IIQ-7 show good responsiveness and are easy to administer and to fill out.
Several studies have investigated the potential health benefits, including those associated with neurological function, of the n-3 fatty acid DHA. This has arisen in part because of the association between higher intakes of fish, which is a major dietary source of DHA, and reduced disease risk. In addition to DHA, fish also provides choline and vitamin D. The objective of the present study was to assess whether women in the first half of pregnancy with low fish intake also had low blood concentrations of vitamin D, choline and DHA. A total of 222 pregnant women at 16 weeks of gestation were examined for dietary intake, erythrocyte (phosphatidylethanolamine PE) DHA, plasma free choline and 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D). Women who consumed  75 g fish/week (n 56) compared to  150 g fish/week (n 116) had lower dietary intake of DHA, total choline and vitamin D (P< 0001), and lower erythrocyte PE DHA (525 (sd 127), 683 (sd 162) g/100 g total fatty acid, respectively, P< 001), plasma free choline (659 (sd 165), 740 (sd 205) mol/l, respectively, P= 0023) and 25(OH)D (503 (sd 200), 625 (sd 298) nmol/l, respectively, P< 001). DHA intake was positively related to the intake of vitamin D from foods ( 047, P< 0001) and total choline ( 032, P< 0001). Dietary intakes and biomarkers of DHA, choline and vitamin D status were assessed to be linked. This raises the possibility that unidentified concurrent nutrient inadequacies might have an impact on the results of studies addressing the benefits of supplemental DHA.
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Children with cystic fibrosis (CF) and pancreatic insufficiency (PI) are at risk for fatty acid (FA) abnormalities and essential FA deficiency, with low linoleic acid (LA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) concentrations and abnormal triene:tetraene (T:T) and arachidonic acid (AA):DHA ratios. The aim of the article was to determine whether type of dietary fat predicted serum LA, DHA, T:T, and AA:DHA ratios in subjects with CF and PI as compared to an unaffected comparison group. METHODS: Serum FA concentrations were assessed by capillary gas-liquid chromatography (mol%) and dietary intake by 7-day weighed food records; the 3-day coefficient of fat absorption was calculated. Total energy intake was expressed in kilocalories. RESULTS: A total of 65 subjects with CF and PI (8.41.0 years, 32 girls) and 22 controls (8.51.1 years, 13 girls) were included. Despite greater energy, saturated fat, and LA intake, the subjects with CF had lower serum LA and DHA and higher T:T and AA:DHA than those in the comparison group. Dietary total fat, monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), LA, total  6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (T6PUFA), and -linolenic acid (ALA) intake positively predicted serum LA concentration. MUFA, total  3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (T3PUFA), and ALA intake positively predicted serum DHA concentration. Total dietary fat, MUFA, PUFA, T3PUFA, LA, and ALA intake negatively predicted serum T:T. ALA and T3PUFA intake negatively predicted serum AA:DHA. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary fat patterns influenced serum LA, DHA, T:T, and AA:DHA in children with CF and PI. These data suggest that changes in dietary practices may result in FA profiles associated with improved clinical outcomes. 
INTRODUCTION: Hyperuricemia is a strong risk factor for gout. The incidence of gout and hyperuricemia has increased recently, which is thought to be, in part, due to changes in diet and lifestyle. Objective of this study was to investigate the association between plasma urate concentration and: a) food items: dairy, sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB) and purine-rich vegetables; b) related nutrients: lactose, calcium and fructose. METHODS: A total of 2,076 healthy participants (44% female) from a population-based case-control study in Scotland (1999-2006) were included in this study. Dietary data was collected using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Nutrient intake was calculated using FFQ and composition of foods information. Urate concentration was measured in plasma. RESULTS: Mean urate concentration was 283.872.1 mmol/dL (females: 260.168.9 mmol/dL and males: 302.369.2 mmol/dL). Using multivariate regression analysis we found that dairy, calcium and lactose intakes were inversely associated with urate (p=0.008, p=0.003, p=0.0007, respectively). Overall SSB consumption was positively associated with urate (p=0.008), however, energy-adjusted fructose intake was not associated with urate (p=0.66). The intake of purine-rich vegetables was not associated to plasma urate (p=0.38). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that limiting purine-rich vegetables intake for lowering plasma urate may be ineffectual, despite current recommendations. Although a positive association between plasma urate and SSB consumption was found, there was no association with fructose intake, suggesting that fructose is not the causal agent underlying the SSB-urate association. The abundant evidence supporting the inverse association between plasma urate concentration and dairy consumption should be reflected in dietary guidelines for hyperuricemic individuals and gout patients. Further research is needed to establish which nutrients and food products influence plasma urate concentration, to inform the development of evidence-based dietary guidelines. 
PURPOSE: Lower urinary tract symptoms are highly prevalent and reduce quality of life. Lifestyle behaviors and the development of lower urinary tract symptoms have been largely unexamined. We investigated physical activity, smoking and alcohol drinking in relation to the development of lower urinary tract symptoms in men and women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were obtained from the BACH (Boston Area Community Health) Survey, a longitudinal observational study. Baseline (2002 to 2005) in-person interviews assessed activity, smoking and alcohol consumption. Five-year followup interviews (2006 to 2010 in 4,145) assessed new reports of moderate to severe lower urinary tract symptoms defined by the AUASI (AUA symptom index). Analysis was conducted using multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: Lower urinary tract symptoms developed in 7.7% and 12.7% of at-risk men and women, respectively. Women were 68% less likely to experience lower urinary tract symptoms (OR 0.32; 95% CI 0.17, 0.60; p <0.001) if they had high vs low levels of physical activity. Although the association was similar among men, it was not statistically significant upon adjustment for medical or sociodemographic characteristics in the multivariable model. Women smokers were twice as likely to experience lower urinary tract symptoms, particularly storage symptoms (OR 2.15; 95% CI 1.30, 3.56; p = 0.003), compared to never smokers. Among men, smoking was not associated with lower urinary tract symptoms. Results for alcohol intake were inconsistent by intake level and symptom subtype. CONCLUSIONS: A low level of physical activity was associated with a 2 to 3 times greater likelihood of lower urinary tract symptoms. Smoking may contribute to the development of lower urinary tract symptoms in women but not in men. Clinicians should continue to promote physical activity and smoking cessation, noting the additional potential benefits of the prevention of lower urinary tract symptoms, particularly for women. 
The present study was designed to examine the effects of short-term diet and exercise on markers of metabolic health, serum-stimulated production of inflammatory biomarkers from cultured monocytes and adipocytes, and serum lipomics. Twenty-one overweight/obese children (9 boys and 12 girls, age 13.0  0.5 yr, BMI 33.0  1.8 kg/m(2)) were placed on a 2-wk ad libitum, high-fiber, low-fat diet and daily exercise regimen. Fasting serum samples were taken pre- and postintervention for determination of cytokines, metabolic risk markers, and lipomics. Monocytes and adipocytes were incubated with pre- and postintervention serum to investigate changes in cytokine secretion. Correlative associations were calculated, followed by hierarchical clustering to determine relationships between fatty acid (FA) species and clinical biomarkers. Despite remaining overweight/obese, interleukin (IL)-6, IL-8, TNF, PAI-1, resistin, amylin, leptin, insulin, and IL-1ra decreased and adiponectin increased. Culture studies indicated decreases in monocyte secretion of IL-6, TNF, and IL-1 and adipocyte secretion of IL-6. Lipomic analysis revealed a decrease in total lipids and decreases in saturated FAs and an increase in 18:1/18:0. In general, Pearson's correlations revealed that inflammatory markers are negatively associated with a cluster of polyunsaturated FAs and positively correlated with several saturated FAs. These results indicate significant modification of multiple indices of metabolic health with short-term rigorous lifestyle modification in overweight/obese children prior to obesity reversal.
BACKGROUND: Although whole-grain intake has been associated with improved chronic disease risk factors and weight status in adults, similar studies are limited among adolescents. OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship among chronic disease risk factors, weight status, and whole-grain intake among adolescents (aged 12 to 19 years) by sex. DESIGN: Analysis of the relationship between dietary, anthropometric, and chronic disease risk factors/laboratory measures and whole-grain intake groups (none, low [>0 to 0.5 oz equivalents/day], high [>0.5 oz equivalents/day]) among US adolescents (based on cross-sectional data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1999-2004). PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Data from 4,928 adolescents (2,495 boys, 2,433 girls) collected in person at home and mobile examination centers. MAIN OUTCOME VARIABLES: Adjusted least-squares means for dietary, anthropometric, and chronic disease risk factors/laboratory measures by whole-grain intake groups. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Outcome variables were examined in separate multiple linear regression models with categories of whole-grain intake as the independent variable, adjusted for demographic characteristics, smoking, physical activity, and food group/energy intake. RESULTS: Fewer than one third consumed >0.5 whole grain ounce equivalents per day. Higher whole-grain intake was associated with lower refined-grain and higher carbohydrate, fiber, folate, and energy intakes. Higher whole-grain intake was associated with lower body mass index and waist, thigh, and arm circumferences among boys only but not on further adjustment for food group intake. In models adjusted for food group intake, higher whole-grain intake was associated with lower fasting insulin levels and higher serum and red blood cell folate levels for boys and girls, with lower C-peptide concentrations for girls and lower homocysteine concentrations for boys. CONCLUSIONS: Whole-grain intake was not associated with body mass index after adjusting for food group intake but was related to positive nutrient profiles and chronic disease risk factors, which supports current recommendations to promote greater intake of whole grains among adolescents. 
BACKGROUND: Chronic urticaria (CU) is a common skin disorder that affects the well-being and quality of life (QOL) of patients. Recently, we developed and validated a questionnaire for measuring QOL in Korean patients with CU, called the Chronic Urticaria-Specific Quality of Life (CU-QOL) questionnaire. AIM: To evaluate the clinical significance of a computerized version of the CU-QOL, in adult patients with CU. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional observational study that enrolled 249 Korean patients with CU from five university hospitals and measured computerized CU-QOL scores and Urticaria Activity Score (UAS) simultaneously. The internal consistency of the computerized CU-QOL was analysed using Cronbach . To identify clinical correlations between the CU-QOL and patient characteristics, the atopic status and serum autoantibodies, including antinuclear, antithyroglobulin and antimicrosome antibodies, were measured. Multiple linear regression models were used to identify CU-QOL predictors. RESULTS: Cronbach  was 0.94 for the overall computerized CU-QOL score. The CU-QOL scores correlated significantly with the UAS (r= -0.49, P<0.001). Of the factors aggravating CU, delayed pressure, sunlight exposure and emotional stress significantly influenced the overall CU-QOL scores in the univariate analysis. Multivariate regression models indicated that UAS and emotional stress were significant predictors of the four domains and of the total CU-QOL scores. CONCLUSIONS: The computerized CU-QOL is a convenient and valid tool for measuring QOL in patients with CU. This study suggests that UAS, dermatographism and emotional stress are strong CU-QOL predictors in Korean patients with CU. 
This paper reports the results of a cohort study and randomised clinical trial (RCT) in cross-over design. In the cohort study, the range of urinary oxalate (Uox) and calcium (Uca) excretion was determined within a sample of the Dutch population of dogs and cats, and dietary and animal-related factors associated with these urine parameters were identified. Spot urine samples were collected from privately owned dogs (n=141) and cats (n=50). The RCT determined the effect of a commercial raw meat diet versus a dry diet on Uox and Uca excretion rate in 23 dogs. In the cohort study, Uox excretion ranged from 21.1 to 170.6 mmol oxalate/mol creatinine in dogs and 27.5 to 161.6 in cats. Urinary calcium excretion ranged from 3.4 to 462.8 mmol calcium/mol creatinine in dogs and 10.1 to 128.0 in cats. In dogs, increased Uox and Uca excretion was associated with (1) the intake of a dry diet as the primary source of energy, (2) receiving no snacks and (3) breed. Increased Uox excretion was associated with males as well. In cats, urine collection in anaesthetised subjects was identified as a confounder. In the RCT, feeding the dry diet resulted in higher Uox (P<0.001) and Uca (P=0.021) excretion rates in dogs.
The frequency of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) has increased in parallel with obesity in the United States. NASH is progressive and characterized by hepatic damage, inflammation, fibrosis, and oxidative stress. Because C20-22 (n-3) PUFA are established regulators of lipid metabolism and inflammation, we tested the hypothesis that C20-22 (n-3) PUFA in menhaden oil (MO) prevent high-fat (HF) diet-induced fatty liver disease in mice. Wild-type (WT) and Ldlr(-/-) C57BL/6J mice were fed the following diets for 12 wk: nonpurified (NP), HF with lard (60% of energy from fat), HF-high-cholesterol with olive oil (HFHC-OO; 54.4% of energy from fat, 0.5% cholesterol), or HFHC-OO supplemented with MO (HFHC-MO). When compared with the NP diet, the HF and HFHC-OO diets induced hepatosteatosis and hepatic damage [elevated plasma alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferases] and elevated hepatic expression of markers of inflammation (monocyte chemoattractant protein-1), fibrosis (procollagen 11), and oxidative stress (heme oxygenase-1) (P  0.05). Hepatic damage (i.e., ALT) correlated (r = 0.74, P < 0.05) with quantitatively higher (>140%, P < 0.05) hepatic cholesterol in Ldlr(-/-) mice fed the HFHC-OO diet than WT mice fed the HF or HFHC-OO diets. Plasma and hepatic markers of liver damage, steatosis, inflammation, and fibrosis, but not oxidative stress, were lower in WT and Ldlr(-/-) mice fed the HFHC-MO diet compared with the HFHC-OO diet (P < 0.05). In conclusion, MO [C20-22 (n-3) PUFA at 2% of energy] decreases many, but not all, HF diet-induced markers of fatty liver disease in mice.
BACKGROUND: Overactive bladder (OAB) is characterized by the symptoms of urinary urgency or urge incontinence, which appear without a local pathological or metabolic explanation. OAB is defined by symptoms and the evaluation of treatment effectiveness should be based upon patient perceptions. The Overactive Bladder Questionnaire-Short Form (OAB-q SF) is a brief, self-administered patient-reported outcomes tool with two scales assessing symptom bother and health-related quality of life (HR-QOL) in patients with OAB. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to adapt the OAB-q SF into Spanish and to estimate its psychometric properties in patients with symptomatic overactive bladder. METHODS: The Spanish version of the OAB-q SF was administered on two occasions, 3 months apart, to a set of patients of both sexes, over 18 years of age, diagnosed with OAB, scoring 8 on the OAB-V8 scale (a self-reported 8-item OAB screening and awareness tool), and able to understand patient-reported-outcome instruments written in Spanish. Patients were recruited consecutively at urology clinics. Feasibility, internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha), test-retest reliability, structure of instrument, criteria and construct validity and responsiveness were examined using classic test theory statistics. RESULTS: Data from 246 OAB patients (mean age 57.7 years, 76% women, 99% Caucasian, 37% workers and 36% with a primary education) were evaluated. Floor and ceiling effects ranged between 0.8% and 33%, and missing items were below 2%. Cronbach's alphas attained 0.811 and 0.922 for symptom-bother and HR-QOL domains, respectively. These two subscales matched the original structure and explained variances above 50%, which correlated moderately with EQ-5D (EuroQol) [r =-0.28 and r =+0.31, respectively (p < 0.001 in both cases)]. A significant change in OAB-q SF mean domain scores (-23.8; 95% CI -26.3, -21.3; and +17.7; 95% CI 15.4, 20.6; p < 0.001 in both cases; [effect sizes: 1.32 and 0.98]) was observed after 3 months of medical treatment. CONCLUSION: The Spanish version of the OAB-q SF demonstrated sufficiently strong psychometric properties of reliability, validity and responsiveness to be used in the measurement of OAB symptom severity and HR-QOL. 
Recent studies have indicated that obesity increases the risk of developing several types of cancers including lung cancer, which is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide. In the present study, we attempted to discover marker proteins associated with lung cancer progression mediated by treatment of a high-fat diet (HFD) using 2DE combined with MALDI-TOF-MS. Image analysis and further statistical analysis allowed for the detection and identification of 14 proteins, which consequently were classified into two groups based on their regulation patterns in response to diet and tumor. Interestingly, the protein abundances of ten proteins exhibited a synergistic effect when treated with HFD in tumor-bearing mice (Group I). Proteins that had a higher abundance in the plasma of tumor-bearing mice included FGB, Tf, Hpx, Cp, and Hp and the proteins that had a lower abundance included A1AT precursor, PON1, TTRt, and 2-M. These proteins can be used as molecular markers that contribute simultaneously to both obesity and cancer. Four other proteins showed an increase (complement C3 and FGA) or decrease (Apo H and AT III precursor) in the only tumor-bearing mice independently of diet (Group II). The marker proteins identified here may lead to the development of new therapeutics for obesity-causative treatment of lung cancer.
AIM: The aim of the study was to produce a German version (FLQAI) of the Fecal Incontinence Quality of Life Scale (FIQLS) by Rockwood et al., an English-language measure of quality of life in fecal incontinence 1. The FIQLS has 29 items assigned to the four subscales of lifestyle, coping/behavior, depression/self-perception and embarrassment. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The FIQLS 1 was translated into German and adapted. Indicators of test quality (convergent and discriminant validity, reliability, confirmatory factor analysis) were determined in N = 88 subjects (mean age = 71.5 years) with fecal incontinence and urinary incontinence (control group, n = 29). RESULTS: Three of the four scales of the FLQAI had an acceptable internal reliability. The scales of the FLQAI showed significant correlations with selected subscales of the SF-36 2, the ADS 3 and the FISI 4 (convergent validity). Two of the four scales of the FLQAI discriminated between patients with fecal incontinence and patients with urinary incontinence (discriminant validity). The confirmatory factor analysis did not reveal a uniform fit of the data obtained with the German version with the original four-factor solution of the original version of the questionnaire. DISCUSSION: The Questionnaire on Quality of Life in Fecal Incontinence (FLQAI) is a German-language self-rating questionnaire with satisfactory psychometric properties for measuring disease-specific quality of life in elderly patients with fecal incontinence. 
We investigated the relationship between cardiovascular disease (CVD) and the achieved blood pressure, dietary habits and the presence/absence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in hypertensive patients treated with olmesartan medoxomil. A prospective cohort study with a 3-year follow-up was conducted in 14721 olmesartan-naive outpatients (mean age: 64.9 years, 49.6% women) with essential hypertension. The association of CVD with achieved blood pressure, dietary habits and MetS was investigated by Cox proportional hazards analysis. There were 3059 patients (31.8%) with MetS (Japanese criteria) among 9625 evaluable patients. The mean baseline blood pressure was 157.4/88.8mmHg, which decreased to 134.0/76.1mmHg during treatment (P<0.0001). The annual incidence of CVD was 7.15 per 1000 persons during the study period. When the achieved blood pressure was stratified according to the Japanese Society of Hypertension Guidelines for the Management of Hypertension (JSH 2009), the risk of CVD increased significantly along with the severity of hypertension (P<0.0001), especially the risk of stroke. Investigation of dietary habits revealed a significant association between salt intake and the risk of stroke. Higher salt intake was associated with a significantly higher risk of stroke than lower salt intake (hazard ratio, 1.897; 95% confidence interval, 1.003-3.590). Blood pressure was well controlled in both patients with and without MetS, and there was no significant difference in the incidence of events between the two groups. In conclusion, the severity of hypertension (achieved blood pressure) is associated with the incidence of CVD, and the results of this study suggest that tight blood pressure control and salt restriction are important for preventing stroke.
AIMS: Lifestyle behaviours established during adolescence may adversely affect blood pressure (BP) and contribute to gender differences in cardiovascular risk in adulthood. We aimed to assess the association of health behaviours with BP in adolescents, using data from the Western Australian Pregnancy (Raine) Study. METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis on 1248 Raine Study adolescents aged 17 years, to examine associations between lifestyle factors and BP. RESULTS: Boys had 8.97mmHg higher systolic BP, as compared with girls. The 30% of girls using oral contraceptives (OC) had 3.27 and 1.74mmHg higher systolic and diastolic BP, respectively, compared with non-users. Alcohol consumption in boys, increasing body mass index (BMI) and the sodium-potassium ratio were associated with systolic BP. We found a continuous relationship between BMI and systolic BP in both genders; however, the gradient of this relationship was significantly steeper in boys, compared with girls not taking OC. In boys, systolic BP was 5.7mmHg greater in alcohol consumers who were in the upper quartile of BMI and the urinary sodium-potassium ratio compared with teetotallers in the lowest quartile. In girls, systolic BP was 5.5mmHg higher in those taking OC, in the highest BMI and urinary sodium-potassium ratio quartile as compared to those not taking the OC pill and in the lowest quartile. CONCLUSION: In addition to gender-related differences in the effects of adiposity on BP, we found lifestyle-related health behaviours such as high salt intake for both sexes, consumption of alcohol in boys, and OC use in girls were important factors associated with BP measurements in late adolescence. This suggests that gender-specific behavioural modification in adolescence may prevent adult hypertension. 
The Framingham risk score (FRS) has been used to assess the risk of a cardiovascular event and to identify patients for risk factor modifications. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to evaluate the relationship of the FRS with dietary intake and inflammatory biomarkers. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 180 men (49.2  10.2 years) with MS. Serum levels of high sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and adiponectin were examined. Participants were asked to complete the food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) using the previous 1 year as a reference point. The absolute cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk percentage over 10 years was calculated to estimate the FRS, which was classified as low risk (< 10%), intermediate risk (10-20%), and high risk (> 20%). Mean intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids was lower in subjects who had > 20% FRS than in subjects who had < 10% FRS (3.7  1.9 g/day vs. 4.7  1.9 g/day; P < 0.05). Significant differences in the Index of Nutritional Quality of protein, phosphorus, iron, vitamin A, vitamin B(1), niacin, vitamin B(6), and vitamin C were observed between the > 20% FRS group and the < 10% FRS group (P < 0.05). IL-6 concentrations were significantly lower in subjects with a < 10% FRS than in subjects who were 10-20% FRS or > 20% FRS (0.91  0.26 vs. 1.48  033 vs. 2.72  0.57 pg/mL, respectively; P < 0.05). IL-6 and dietary intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids together explained 6.6% of the variation in FRS levels in a stepwise multiple regression model. Our results provide some evidence that dietary intake in the higher CVD risk group was inferior to that in the lower risk group and that dietary fat intake and IL-6 were associated with FRS and MS in Korean men.
Increased interleukin-6 (IL-6) plasma levels have been described to occur during physical exercise. A relative reduction in energy intake after physical activity has also been reported after exercise, indicating a possible involvement of IL-6 as an anorexigenic factor. Given the possible effect of interleukins on appetite, we assessed whether a controlled physical activity bout is related with changes in IL-6, IL-6 soluble receptor (IL-6sR), gp130 and interleukin-18 (IL-18) plasma levels, as well as their relation with post-exercise energy intake. A co-twin intervention study was carried out with five young male monozygotic twin pairs. One co-twin performed 45min of submaximal exercise on a treadmill near the anaerobic threshold ending with 7min at 90% VO(2) max, while his co-twin remained non-active. Ad libitum energy intake was tested through a carbohydrate-rich meal test. Venous blood samples were drawn at baseline, immediately after exercise and after the meal ingestion. Plasma concentrations of IL-6, IL-6sR, gp130 and IL-18 were measured via ELISA. IL-6 plasma levels increased after physical activity bout (2.6-fold change; p=0.04). A less marked trend, although still significant, was observed for plasma levels of IL-6sR and gp130. Plasma levels of IL-18 did not significantly change during exercise. The twins who exercised exhibited significantly lower energy intake (181 versus 1,195kcal; p=0.04), compared to the co-twins who remained resting. The present study in monozygotic twins shows increased IL-6 plasma levels after acute physical exercise with a significant reduction in energy intake, supporting a linkage between IL-6 and acute post-exercise eating behaviour.
Brain docosahexaenoic acid (DHA, 22:6n-3) accumulates rapidly during brain development and is essential for normal neurological function. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether brain development was the critical period in which DHA deficiency leads to dysregulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in response to stress later in life. Rats were exposed to an n-3 fatty acid-deficient diet or the same diet supplemented with fish oil as an n-3 fatty acid-adequate diet either throughout the preweaning period from embryo to weaning at 3 weeks old or during the postweaning period from 3 to 10 weeks old. Exposure to the n-3 fatty acid-deficient diet during the preweaning period resulted, at weaning, in a significant decrease in hypothalamic DHA levels and a reduced male offspring body weight. DHA deficiency during the preweaning period significantly increased and prolonged restraint stress-induced changes in colonic temperature and serum corticosterone levels, caused a significant increase in GABA(A) antagonist-induced heart rate changes and enhanced depressive-like behavior in the forced swimming test and anxiety-like behavior in the plus-maze test in later life. These effects were not seen in male rats fed the n-3 fatty acid-deficient diet during the postweaning period. These results suggest that brain development is the critical period in which DHA deficiency leads to excessive HPA responses to stress and elevated behavioral indices of depression and anxiety in adulthood. We propose that these effects of hypothalamic DHA deficiency during brain development may involve a GABA(A) receptor-mediated mechanism.
Arsenic is a toxic metal with harmful effects on human health, particularly on cognitive function. Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASDs) are lifelong neurodevelopmental and behavioral disorders manifesting in infancy or early childhood. We used data from 130 children between 2 and 8 years (65 pairs of ASD cases with age- and sex-matched control), to compare the mean total blood arsenic concentrations in children with and without ASDs in Kingston, Jamaica. Based on univariable analysis, we observed a significant difference between ASD cases and controls (4.03 g/L for cases vs. 4.48 g/L for controls, P<0.01). In the final multivariable General Linear Model (GLM), after controlling for car ownership, maternal age, parental education levels, source of drinking water, consumption of "yam, sweet potato, or dasheen", "carrot or pumpkin", "callaloo, broccoli, or pak choi", cabbage, avocado, and the frequency of seafood consumption per week, we did not find a significant association between blood arsenic concentrations and ASD status (4.36 g/L for cases vs. 4.65 g/L for controls, P=0.23). Likewise, in a separate final multivariable GLM, we found that source of drinking water, eating avocado, and eating "callaloo, broccoli, or pak choi" was significantly associated with higher blood arsenic concentrations (all three P<0.05). Based on our findings, we recommend assessment of arsenic levels in water, fruits, and vegetables, as well as increased awareness among the Jamaican population regarding potential risks for various exposures to arsenic.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Few studies have used healthy eating index (HEI) and mediterranean diet adherence (MDA) scores to evaluate the diet quality during pregnancy. To determine the relationship between first trimester diet quality and insulin sensitivity/resistance biomarkers at birth. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Cord-blood insulin sensitivity/resistance biomarkers of the offspring of 35 women whose diets were 'adequate' or 'inadequate' according to their HEI score (>70 or  70, respectively) and their 13-point MDA score ( 7 or <7, respectively). RESULTS: Low HEI-score diets contained less (g/1000 kcal) carbohydrates (CHO; P=0.027) and fibre (P=0.011), and more fats (P<0.001) and cholesterol (P<0.001), and contributed (percentage contribution to total energy (%En)) fewer CHO (P=0.005), more fats (P=<0.001) and saturated fatty acid (SFA; P=0.002) than their high HEI-score counterparts. Low MDA-score diets contained less (g/1000 kcal) fibre (P<0.001) and more cholesterol (P=0.05), had lower polyunsaturated fatty acids+monounsaturated fatty acid/SFA (PUFA+MUFA/SFA; P=0.05) and higher SFA/CHO (P=0.021) and -6/-3 PUFA ratios (P=0.044) than their respective counterparts. Women consuming the low HEI- or low MDA-score diets had low-fasting glycaemia (P=0.016 or P=0.025, respectively) but delivered infants with high insulinaemia (P=0.048 or P=0.017, respectively), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; P=0.031 or P=0.049, respectively) and glycaemia (P=0.018 or P=0.048, respectively). The relative risk (RR) of high-neonatal glycaemia and insulinaemia were 7.6 (P=0.008) and 6.7 (P=0.017) for low vs high HEI-score groups. High HOMA-IR and high glucose RR were, respectively, 3.4 (P=0.043) and 3.9 (P=0.016) in neonates from the <7 MDA- vs  7 MDA-score group. These RRs were not affected by potential confounders. CONCLUSION: Maternal diets with low HEI- or MDA-scores during the first trimester of pregnancy negatively affect insulin resistance markers at birth. 
BACKGROUND AND AIM: A high intake of dairy has been linked to lower risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). The relationship between dairy intake and glucose metabolism is still not well understood. The aim of this study was to investigate the relation between the intake of total dairy and dairy subgroups and T2D and measures of glucose metabolism. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 5953 Danish men and women aged 30-60 years without baseline diabetes or cardiovascular diseases were included in this prospective analysis. The dairy intake at baseline was categorised into low-fat dairy, full-fat dairy, milk and milk products, cheese and fermented dairy. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 2-h plasma glucose (2hPG), HbA1c, insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR) and beta-cell function (HOMA2-B) were considered at 5-year follow-up. In the maximally-adjusted model (demographics, lifestyle factors, dietary factors and waist), cheese intake was inversely associated with 2hPG ( = -0.048, 95% CI -0.095; -0.001). Fermented dairy intake was inversely associated with FPG ( = -0.028, 95% CI -0.048; -0.008) and HbA1c ( = -0.016, 95% CI -0.030; -0.001). Total dairy intake and the dairy subgroups were not related to HOMA-IR and HOMA-B in the maximally-adjusted model. Furthermore, there was no significant association between intake of total dairy or any of the dairy subgroups and incidence of T2D. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest a modest beneficial effect of cheese and fermented dairy on glucose regulation measures; however, this did not translate into a significant association with incident T2D. 
PURPOSE: Folic acid (FA) is an emerging nutritional factor in the pathogenesis of diverse neurodegenerative disorders by still unknown mechanisms. The hippocampus is altered during the loss of cognitive abilities in humans and selectively affected when homocysteine increases. The aim was to evaluate the potential protective role of folic acid in the maintenance of biochemical markers related to the methionine cycle, as well as the integrity of the hippocampus as part of the brain in aged rats. METHODS: Male Sprague-Dawley rats (18 months old) were assigned to four different folic acid groups (0 mg FA/kg diet, deficient; 2 mg FA/kg diet, control; 8 mg FA/kg diet, moderate supplementation; 40 mg FA/kg diet, extra supplementation) for 30 days. We evaluated several parameters related to the methionine cycle. In addition, hippocampus areas were immunostained for specific neuronal markers and astrocytes. RESULTS: Serum folate levels increased according to FA dietary level (p < 0.01). There was a significant increase in the serum homocysteine concentrations in the folic acid-deficient diet group (p < 0.01). However, brain S-adenosylmethionine and S-adenosylhomocysteine did not differ significantly between the folic acid groups. Consequently, the methylation ratio was also unchanged. The morphometric analysis did not show any differences in the number of neurons and astrocytes between groups, except when comparing the folic acid-deficient diet versus folic acid-supplemented diet in the striatum of the hippocampus. CONCLUSIONS: Clearly, the dietary FA deficiency negatively affects the methionine metabolism biomarkers, while excessive supplementation seems to be unnecessary for optimal maintenance of the methylation cycle and hippocampus integrity. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the psychometric properties of a short, new, self-administered questionnaire (17-19 items) for evaluating the adherence behavior of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes and their caregivers. This instrument has separate versions depending on the means of insulin administration, i.e., continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (Adherence in Diabetes Questionnaire [ADQ]-I), or conventional insulin injection (ADQ-C). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,028 caregivers and 766 children and adolescents 2-17 years of age were recruited through the Danish Registry of Childhood Diabetes and completed the national web survey, including the ADQ and psychosocial measures of self-efficacy, parental support, family conflict, and aspects of diabetes-related quality of life. Blood samples were obtained for central HbA(1c) analysis. The psychometric properties of the ADQ were evaluated, and the association with glycemic control was assessed. RESULTS: There was good internal consistency for both the youth and caregiver reports and strong agreement between the caregiver and youth reports. Higher ADQ scores, indicating better adherence, were associated with better self-efficacy, more parental support, less diabetes-related conflict, and less experience with treatment barriers. Factor analysis supported maintaining the one-factor structure of the ADQ. Higher ADQ scores were associated with lower HbA(1c) levels. CONCLUSIONS: The ADQ showed good psychometric properties. Although the test-retest reliability and sensitivity to change of the instrument still need to be established, the ADQ appears to be a valuable tool for assessing adherence in families with children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in both clinical and research settings. 
Analysis of long-chain n-3 and n-6 fatty acid (FA) concentrations is used to evaluate their potential health effects in epidemiological studies, and, recently, also to counsel patients with a suboptimal intake of n-3 FA. Data on the method's ability to track and detect differences within and between individuals in appropriate populations are, however, lacking. The present study provides such data for twenty-nine plasma phospholipid (PL) FA concentrations and indices measured in 214 newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic patients at baseline and after 3 years. 20 : 3n-6 and the 20 : 4n-6:20 : 3n-6 ratio showed the highest tracking coefficients (Spearman's r 0.68), while DHA, EPA and PLN3-index (EPA+DHA) coefficients were 0.60, 0.47 and 0.55, respectively. Fish consumption measured simultaneously with EPA, DHA, sum n-3 and PLN3 index showed Spearman's correlation coefficients of 0.47, 0.44, 0.48 and 0.49, respectively, decreasing to 0.20, 0.19, 0.22 and 0.21 when measured 3 years apart. The within-subject CV of EPA, DHA and PLN3 index were 39.9, 14.3 and 18.0 %, respectively. The corresponding between-subject CV were 33.6, 16.5 and 18.7 %, while the reference change values were 112, 41 and 52 %. In conclusion, PL n-3 FA concentrations showed a significant long-term tracking and were positively correlated with marine food intake. Analytical precision, biological variability, reference change value and the index of individuality of EPA, DHA and PLN3 index are similar to commonly used clinical biomarkers, supporting their validity as dietary markers in clinical and epidemiological work.
BACKGROUND: Clinical trial data show that reduction in total energy intake enhances weight loss regardless of the macronutrient composition of the diet. Few studies have documented dietary patterns or nutrient intakes that favor leanness [BMI (in kg/m) 25] in free-living populations. OBJECTIVE: This investigation examined associations of usual energy, food, and nutrient intakes with BMI among US participants of the International Study of Macro-/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP). DESIGN: The INTERMAP is an international cross-sectional study of dietary factors and blood pressure in men and women (ages 40-59 y) that includes 8 US population samples. The present study included data from 1794 Americans who were not consuming a special diet and who provided four 24-h dietary recalls and 2 timed 24-h urine collections. Multivariable linear regression with the residual method was used to adjust for energy intake; sex-specific associations were assessed for dietary intakes and urinary excretions with BMI adjusted for potential confounders including physical activity. RESULTS: Lower energy intake was associated with lower BMI in both sexes. Univariately, higher intakes of fresh fruit, pasta, and rice and lower intakes of meat were associated with lower BMI; these associations were attenuated in multivariable analyses. Lower urinary sodium and intakes of total and animal protein, dietary cholesterol, saturated fats, and heme iron and higher urinary potassium and intakes of carbohydrates, dietary fiber, and magnesium were associated with lower BMI in both sexes. CONCLUSION: The consumption of foods higher in nutrient-dense carbohydrate and lower in animal protein and saturated fat is associated with lower total energy intakes, more favorable micronutrient intakes, and lower BMI. 
BACKGROUND: The intake of olive oil has been related to the prevention of osteoporosis in experimental and in in vitro models. Very few prospective studies have evaluated the effects of olive oil intake on circulating osteocalcin (OC) in humans. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the longitudinal effects of a low-fat control diet (n=34), a Mediterranean diet enriched with nuts (MedDiet+nuts, n=51), or a Mediterranean diet enriched with virgin olive oil (MedDiet+VOO, n=42) on circulating forms of OC and bone formation markers in elderly men at high cardiovascular risk. DESIGN: Longitudinal associations between baseline and follow-up (2 yr) measurements of total OC, undercarboxylated osteocalcin, C-telopeptide of type I collagen, and procollagen I N-terminal propeptide (P1NP) concentrations were examined in 127 elderly men randomized to three healthy dietary interventions. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics (age, body mass index, waist circumference, lipid profile, fasting insulin levels, and bone formation and resorption markers) were similar in all intervention groups. The total osteocalcin concentration increased robustly in the MedDiet+VOO group (P=0.007) in parallel to increased P1NP levels (P=0.01) and homeostasis model assessment--cell function (P=0.01) but not in subjects on the MedDiet+nuts (P=0.32) or after the control diet (P=0.74). Interestingly, the consumption of olives was associated positively with both baseline total osteocalcin (r=0.23, P=0.02) and the 2-yr osteocalcin concentrations (r=0.21, P=0.04) in the total cohort. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of a Mediterranean diet enriched with virgin olive oil for 2 years is associated with increased serum osteocalcin and P1NP concentrations, suggesting protective effects on bone. 
AIMS: To evaluate the effect of acute and chronic consumption of red wine or de-alcoholized red wine with a similar antioxidant capacity on plasma total antioxidant capacity (TEAC), nuclear factor-B (NF-B) activity and F2-isoprostanes (8-iso-PGF(2)) in healthy men. METHODS: Nineteen healthy men with an increased waist circumference (94 cm) and a body mass index above 25 kg/m(2) participated in a randomized, controlled crossover design trial. They daily consumed 450 ml of red wine (four drinks; 41.4 g alcohol) or 450 ml of de-alcoholized red wine during dinner for 4 weeks each. On the last day of each treatment period, blood was collected before and 1 h after a standardized dinner with red wine or de-alcoholized red wine and also 24-h urine was collected. RESULTS: Absolute TEAC levels were higher 1 h after dinner with red wine compared with dinner with de-alcoholized red wine (1.3 versus 1.1 mmol Trolox equivalents/l; P = 0.03). Consumption of dinner together with de-alcoholized red wine acutely stimulated NF-B activity in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (0.4-0.7 HeLa equivalents/2.5 g protein; P = 0.006), whereas this increase was completely suppressed when the dinner was combined with red wine. A chronic increase in urinary 8-iso-PGF(2) after 4 weeks of red wine consumption compared with de-alcoholized red wine consumption (157 pg/mg creatinine and 141 pg/mg creatinine, respectively, P = 0.006) was also observed. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of a moderate dose of red wine can acutely increase plasma TEAC and suppress NF-B activation induced by a meal. Controversially, 4 weeks of red wine consumption compared with de-alcoholized red wine consumption increases the oxidative lipid damage marker 8-iso-PGF(2). 
Previous studies showed that dietary calcium D-glucarate (CG) inhibited benzo[a]pyrene (B[a]P)-induced A/J mouse lung tumorigenesis, suppressing cell proliferation and chronic inflammation and inducing apoptosis during late post-initiation stages. The present study aimed to investigate changes in the homeostasis of cytokines in blood serum, as well as alterations in biomarkers of inflammation and apoptosis in lung tissue caused by dietary CG during early post-initiation stages of B[a]P-induced lung tumorigenesis. Two doses of 3 mg of B[a]P were given intragastrically to A/J mice 2 weeks apart. CG administration in the AIN-93G diet (2 and 4%, w/w) commenced at 2 weeks following the second dose of B[a]P. The levels of interleukin (IL)-6, IL-10 and tumor necrosis factor  (TNF) in blood serum were investigated by FCAP array analysis. Two weeks after the second dose of B[a]P, approximately 8- and 28-fold increases of TNF and IL-6, respectively, occurred in the blood serum and an approximately 16% decrease of IL-10 levels compared to the untreated control group was noted. At 4 weeks after the second dose of B[a]P and after 2 weeks of CG administration in the diet, the 2 and 4% CG diets significantly reduced the levels of IL-6 and TNF (by 70 and 33%, respectively). In a dose-related manner, the diets also increased the level of anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 compared to the B[a]P group. At 6 weeks after the second dose of B[a]P, the cytokine levels in the serum continued to show a decrease in the CG-treated groups. These events are accompanied by an increased level of cleaved caspase-9 product with a molecular weight of 37 kDa. In conclusion, dietary D-glucarate decreases the level of proinflammatory cytokines, increases the level of the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10 during early post-initiation stages of B[a]P-induced lung tumorigenesis in A/J mice and affects apoptotic induction.
BACKGROUND: Existing diet quality indices often show theoretical and methodological limitations, especially with regard to validation. OBJECTIVE: To develop a diet quality index based on the probability of adequate nutrient intake (PANDiet) and evaluate its validity using data from French and US populations. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The PANDiet is composed of adequacy probabilities for 24 nutrients grouped into two sub-scores. The relationship between the PANDiet score and energy intake were investigated. We evaluated the construct validity of the index by comparing scores for population sub-groups with 'a priori' differences in diet quality, according to smoking status, energy density, food intakes, plasma folate and carotenoid concentrations. French and US implementations of the PANDiet were developed and evaluated using national nutritional recommendations and dietary surveys. RESULTS: The PANDiet was not correlated with energy for the French implementation (r=-0.02, P>0.05) and correlated at a low level for the US implementation (r=-0.11, P<0.0001). In both implementations, a higher PANDiet score (i.e. a better diet quality) was associated with not smoking, having a lower-energy-dense diet, consuming higher amounts of fruits, vegetables, fish, milk and other dairy products and lower amounts of cheese, pizza, eggs, meat and processed meat, and having higher plasma folate and carotenoid concentrations after controlling for appropriate factors (all P<0.05, carotenoid data for US not available). CONCLUSIONS: The PANDiet provides a single score that measures the adequacy of nutrient intake and reflects diet quality. This index is adaptable for use in different countries and relevant at the individual and population levels. 
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate plant sterol intake estimated with the eighty-four-item Northern Sweden FFQ against repeated 24 h dietary recalls (24-HDR) as the reference method. DESIGN: Randomly recruited participants from the Vsterbotten Intervention Programme (VIP) responded to an FFQ (FFQ1). Over the subsequent 12 months, ten repeated 24-HDR were carried out. After this, a second FFQ (FFQ2) was completed. SETTING: Vsterbotten county, northern Sweden. SUBJECTS: Ninety-six men and ninety-nine women. RESULTS: The Pearson correlation coefficient for absolute total plant sterol intake estimated with FFQ1 and 24-HDR was 0.58 and 0.55 for the men and women, respectively. Cross-classification of participants into quartiles of absolute plant sterol intake estimated with FFQ1 and 24-HDR showed that 90% of the men and 83% of the women were classified into the same or an adjacent quartile. For energy-adjusted plant sterol intake, 71% of the men and 74% of the women were classified into the same or an adjacent quartile. The agreement for cross-classification of participants into quartiles between FFQ1 and FFQ2 was good for both absolute and energy-adjusted plant sterol intake. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ is able to capture absolute plant sterol intake to the same extent as other nutrients, and to rank individuals according to both their absolute and energy-adjusted plant sterol intake. The reproducibility of the FFQ was good, suggesting that the method is reliable. This makes it possible to use plant sterol data from the FFQ in large-scale studies of the association between plant sterol intake and disease. 
BACKGROUND: Low-grade inflammation is linked to metabolic syndrome and obesity. We studied the effects of weight loss and dietary composition on serum concentrations of biomarkers of inflammation and adipokines. METHODS: Men and women (n=181) aged 30-65 years with a body mass index (BMI) of 28-40 kg/m(2) (28-35 kg/m(2) for women) and one or more components of metabolic syndrome were randomized to follow one of two hypocaloric diets, a low-fat or low-glycemic-load diet for 3 months. Blood samples were taken pre- and postintervention. Serum concentrations of interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor (TNF-), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), and adipokines (leptin, resistin, and adiponectin) were analyzed using multiplexed microsphere immunoassays. RESULTS: Weight loss was not different in the low-fat (4.4%3.8%) and low-glycemic-load (4.9%3.2%) groups. Concentrations of IL-6, TNF-, PAI-1, and leptin were significantly reduced in both dietary groups with no between-group differences, whereas MCP-1 and adiponectin concentrations did not change. Subjects with full metabolic syndrome (three or more components; n=109) experienced greater weight loss than subjects (n=72) with one to two components and greater reduction in leptin [7.08 (95% confidence interval 5.19, 8.97) vs. 3.46 (0.91, 6.00) ng/mL; p=0.02] and a tendency to greater reduction in TNF- (1.00 [0.60, 1.44] vs 0.40 [0.02, 0.78] pg/mL; p=0.05). CONCLUSION: Hypocaloric diets improved inflammatory biomarkers and adipokines independently of dietary composition. The response tended to be greater in subjects with three or more components of metabolic syndrome than their counterparts with one to two components. 
BACKGROUND: Soy and some of its constituents, such as isoflavones, have been shown to affect the inflammatory process in animal studies. The association between soy food intake and inflammatory markers has not been evaluated adequately in humans. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to evaluate whether higher intake of soy foods was inversely associated with inflammatory markers in 1,005 middle-aged Chinese women. DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study, dietary intake of soy foods was assessed by a validated food frequency questionnaire and by a 24-hour recall when biospecimens were procured. A general linear model was used to estimate the geometric means of selected inflammatory markers, including interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL-1, tumor necrosis factor- (TNF), soluble IL-6 receptor, soluble GP130, soluble TNF receptors 1 and 2, and C-reactive protein, across categories of soy food intake after adjusting for age, lifestyle and dietary factors, and history of infectious or inflammation-related diseases. RESULTS: We found that multivariable-adjusted geometric mean concentrations of IL-6 and TNF were inversely associated with quintiles of soy food intake, with a difference between the highest and lowest quintiles of 25.5% for IL-6 (P for trend=0.008) and 14% for TNF (P for trend=0.04). Similar inverse associations were found for TNF (P for trend=0.003), soluble TNF receptor 1 (P for trend=0.01), soluble TNF receptor 2 (P for trend=0.02), IL-1 (P for trend=0.05), and IL-6 (P for trend=0.04) when soy food consumption was assessed by the frequency of consumption in the preceding 24 hours. No significant associations were found for other markers studied. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that soy food consumption is related to lower circulating levels of IL-6, TNF, and soluble TNF receptors 1 and 2 in Chinese women. 
Self-reported sun exposure is commonly used in research, but how well this represents actual sun exposure is poorly understood. From February to July 2011, a volunteer sample (n = 47) of older adults (45 years) in Canberra, Australia, answered brief questions on time outdoors (weekdays and weekends) and natural skin color. They subsequently maintained a sun diary and wore an ultraviolet radiation (UVR) digital dosimeter for 7 days. Melanin density was estimated using reflectance spectrophotometry; lifetime sun damage was assessed using silicone casts of the back of the hand; and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentration was assayed. Questionnaire-reported time outdoors correlated significantly with diary-recorded time outdoors (Spearman correlation r(s) = 0.66; 95% CI 0.46, 0.80; P < 0.001) and UVR dosimeter dose (r(s ) = 0.46; 95% CI 0.18, 0.68; P = 0.003), but not 25(OH)D concentration (r(s) = 0.24; 95% CI -0.05, 0.50; P = 0.10). Questionnaire-reported untanned skin color correlated significantly with measured melanin density at the inner upper arm (r(s) = 0.49; 95% CI 0.24, 0.68; P < 0.001). In a multiple linear regression model, statistically significant predictors of 25(OH)D concentration were self-reported frequency of physical activity, skin color and recent osteoporosis treatment (R(2) = 0.54). In this study, brief questionnaire items provided valid rankings of sun exposure and skin color, and enabled the development of a predictive model for 25(OH)D concentration.
Vitamin D deficiency is common in older women and can negatively impact bone status. A simple method by which clinicians and researchers can evaluate a patient's vitamin D dietary intake could help identify individuals at risk for vitamin D deficiency. This study was done to validate a short dietary vitamin D questionnaire. Postmenopausal women (n=122), with a mean age of 63.9  7.8 years, completed a Brief Vitamin D Questionnaire (BVDQ), the Block Health History and Habits Questionnaire 1998 (BHHHQ98), a 3-day food record, and an evaluation of serum 25 hydroxyvitamin D (25[OH]D) levels. Data were analyzed using Pearson correlation coefficients, Wilcoxon signed ranks tests, and Bland-Altman analyses to compare the performance of the BVDQ to the BHHHQ98 and to the diet record. As assessed by the BVDQ, vitamin D intake averaged 178.7  112.3 IU per day, correlating well with the Block HHHQ98 (r=0.51, P<0.001) and the 3-day food record (r=0.43, P<0.001). Compared with the food record, both the BVDQ and the BHHHQ98 overestimated dietary vitamin D intake by less than 100 IU/day. The two questionnaires performed nearly identically at all levels of vitamin D intake. Serum 25(OH)D was not related to vitamin D intake as measured by either the BVDQ or the BHHHQ98, but did correlate weakly with vitamin D intake from the 3-day diet record (r=0.20, P=0.04). The Brief Vitamin D Questionnaire correlated well with the longer and more intense dietary assessment methods, making it a simple and accurate instrument for assessing vitamin D intake.
PURPOSE: Hyperhomocysteinemia is well recognized as an independent risk factor for the development of premature atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis, however, may be prevented by polyphenols, potent antioxidant compounds with anti-atherogenic properties. Previously, we used cystathionine beta synthase-deficient mice [Cbs ()] fed a high-methionine diet-a murine model of hyperhomocysteinemia-to show that daily intake of a red wine polyphenolic extract, mainly comprised of catechin and epicatechin, has a beneficial effect on aortic expression of endothelial dysfunction biomarkers and pro-inflammatory cytokines. The aim of the present study was to understand whether catechin and epicatechin, in purified forms, have anti-atherogenic effects in hyperhomocysteinemia. METHODS: Cbs () mice received 50 g of catechin and/or epicatechin daily in drinking water for 1 month. Plasma homocysteine (Hcy) level and aortic expression of several endothelial dysfunction biomarkers (Vcam-1, Icam-1, E-selectin, and Lox-1) and pro-inflammatory cytokines (Tnf-, Il-6) were assessed. RESULTS: We found that both catechin and epicatechin had a beneficial effect on plasma homocysteine levels and endothelial dysfunction biomarker expression; however, only catechin had a beneficial effect on pro-inflammatory cytokine expression. Further, when both polyphenols were given, a beneficial effect was observed only on pro-inflammatory cytokine expression. CONCLUSIONS: Catechin seems to be a more potent anti-atherogenic compound than epicatechin in hyperhomocysteinemia and should be considered as a novel therapeutic approach against endothelial dysfunction induced by this condition. 
BACKGROUND: Coffee and tea consumption was hypothesized to interact with variants of vitamin D-receptor polymorphisms, but limited evidence exists. Here we determine for the first time whether increased coffee and tea consumption affects circulating levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in a cohort of Saudi adolescents. METHODS: A total of 330 randomly selected Saudi adolescents were included. Anthropometrics were recorded and fasting blood samples were analyzed for routine analysis of fasting glucose, lipid levels, calcium, albumin and phosphorous. Frequency of coffee and tea intake was noted. 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. RESULTS: Improved lipid profiles were observed in both boys and girls, as demonstrated by increased levels of HDL-cholesterol, even after controlling for age and BMI, among those consuming 9-12 cups of coffee/week. Vitamin D levels were significantly highest among those consuming 9-12 cups of tea/week in all subjects (p-value 0.009) independent of age, gender, BMI, physical activity and sun exposure. CONCLUSION: This study suggests a link between tea consumption and vitamin D levels in a cohort of Saudi adolescents, independent of age, BMI, gender, physical activity and sun exposure. These findings should be confirmed prospectively. 
OBJECTIVE: Epidemiological studies indicate that higher bone mass is associated with moderate alcohol consumption in postmenopausal women. However, the underlying cellular mechanisms responsible for the putative beneficial effects of alcohol on bone are unknown. Excessive bone turnover, combined with an imbalance whereby bone resorption exceeds bone formation, is the principal cause of postmenopausal bone loss. This study investigated the hypothesis that moderate alcohol intake attenuates bone turnover after menopause. METHODS: Bone mineral density was determined by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry in 40 healthy postmenopausal women (mean  SE age, 56.3  0.5 y) who consumed alcohol at 19  1 g/day. Serum levels of the bone formation marker osteocalcin and the resorption marker C-terminal telopeptide (CTx) were measured by immunoassay at baseline (day 0) and after alcohol withdrawal for 14 days. Participants then consumed alcohol and were assayed on the following morning. RESULTS: Bone mineral density at the trochanter and total hip were positively correlated to the level of alcohol consumption. Serum osteocalcin and CTx increased after abstinence (4.1  1.6%, P = 0.01 and 5.8  2.6%, P = 0.02 compared with baseline, respectively). Osteocalcin and CTx decreased after alcohol readministration, compared with the previous day (-3.4  1.4%, P = 0.01 and -3.5  2.1%, P = 0.05, respectively), to values that did not differ from baseline (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Abstinence from alcohol results in increased markers of bone turnover, whereas resumption of alcohol reduces bone turnover markers. These results suggest a cellular mechanism for the increased bone density observed in postmenopausal moderate alcohol consumers. Specifically, the inhibitory effect of alcohol on bone turnover attenuates the detrimental skeletal consequences of excessive bone turnover associated with menopause. 
OBJECTIVE: As atherosclerosis is increased in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) we compared dietary habits in patients with SLE with controls, and in the patients studied associations of diet components, especially fatty acids (FAs), with disease activity, serum lipids and carotid plaque presence. METHODS: In all 114 patients with SLE and 122 age- and sex-matched population-based controls answered a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Subcutaneous abdominal fat cell aspiration was analysed as to FA content and plaque occurrence was determined by B-mode ultrasound. RESULTS: The total diet energy intake did not differ between patients and controls. However, the patients with SLE reported a higher intake of carbohydrate, lower fibre intake and lower intake of omega-3 and omega-6, than controls (p < 0.05). In the patients, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in adipose tissue (AT) correlated negatively with disease activity (SLEDAI), r = -0.36, p = < 0.001 and r = -0.33, p =< 0.001, respectively. AT omega-3 was further positively associated with serum apoA1, r = 0.29, p = 0.004, whereas AT omega-6 showed a negative association, r = -0.21, p = 0.040. These FAs also had opposite associations with plaque presence, EPA and were DHA negative, r =-0.32, p = 0.002 and r =-0.33, p = 0.001, respectively, and omega-6 positive, r = 0.22, p = 0.027. The carbohydrate intake was positively correlated to AT omega-6, r = 0.38, p < 0.001, and negatively with serum apoA1, r =-0.27, p = 0.005. CONCLUSION: The macronutrient dietary pattern is different in SLE as compared with controls. The low intake of omega-3 and high intake of carbohydrate among patients with SLE appear to be associated with worse disease activity, adverse serum lipids and plaque presence. 
High-protein, low-carbohydrate (HPLC) diets are common in cats, but their effect on the gut microbiome has been ignored. The present study was conducted to test the effects of dietary protein:carbohydrate ratio on the gut microbiota of growing kittens. Male domestic shorthair kittens were raised by mothers fed moderate-protein, moderate-carbohydrate (MPMC; n 7) or HPLC (n 7) diets, and then weaned at 8 weeks onto the same diet. Fresh faeces were collected at 8, 12 and 16 weeks; DNA was extracted, followed by amplification of the V4V6 region of the 16S rRNA gene using 454 pyrosequencing. A total of 384 588 sequences (average of 9374 per sample) were generated. Dual hierarchical clustering indicated distinct clustering based on the protein:carbohydrate ratio regardless of age. The protein:carbohydrate ratio affected faecal bacteria. Faecal Actinobacteria were greater (P< 005) and Fusobacteria were lower (P< 005) in MPMC-fed kittens. Faecal Clostridium, Faecalibacterium, Ruminococcus, Blautia and Eubacterium were greater (P< 005) in HPLC-fed kittens, while Dialister, Acidaminococcus, Bifidobacterium, Megasphaera and Mitsuokella were greater (P< 005) in MPMC-fed kittens. Principal component analysis of faecal bacteria and blood metabolites and hormones resulted in distinct clusters. Of particular interest was the clustering of blood TAG with faecal Clostridiaceae, Eubacteriaceae, Ruminococcaceae, Fusobacteriaceae and Lachnospiraceae; blood ghrelin with faecal Coriobacteriaceae, Bifidobacteriaceae and Veillonellaceae; and blood glucose, cholesterol and leptin with faecal Lactobacillaceae. The present results demonstrate that the protein:carbohydrate ratio affects the faecal microbiome, and highlight the associations between faecal microbes and circulating hormones and metabolites that may be important in terms of satiety and host metabolism.
We sought to determine whether consumption of blueberries could reduce postprandial oxidation when consumed with a typical high-carbohydrate, low-fat breakfast. Participants (n 14) received each of the three treatments over 3 weeks in a cross-over design. Treatments consisted of a high blueberry dose (75 g), a low blueberry dose (35 g) and a control (ascorbic acid and sugar content matching that of the high blueberry dose). Serum oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC), serum lipoprotein oxidation (LO) and serum ascorbate, urate and glucose were measured at fasting, and at 1, 2 and 3 h after sample consumption. The mean serum ORAC was significantly higher in the 75 g group than in the control group during the first 2 h postprandially, while serum LO lag time showed a significant trend over the 3 h for both blueberry doses. Changes in serum ascorbate, urate and glucose were not significantly different among the groups. To our knowledge, this is the first report that has demonstrated that increased serum antioxidant capacity is not attributable to the fructose or ascorbate content of blueberries. In summary, a practically consumable quantity of blueberries (75 g) can provide statistically significant oxidative protection in vivo after a high-carbohydrate, low-fat breakfast. Though not tested directly, it is likely that the effects are due to phenolic compounds, either directly or indirectly, as they are a major family of compounds in blueberries with potential bioactive activity.
OBJECTIVE: We aimed to evaluate whether 4-week of dietary treatment with rice containing resistant starch reduces blood glucose and oxidative stress as well as improves endothelial function. METHODS: Patients with impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes (n = 90) were randomly assigned to either a group ingesting rice containing 6.51 g resistant starch daily or a control rice group for 4-weeks. We assessed fasting and postprandial levels of glucose and insulin, oxidative stress markers and endothelial function using reactive hyperemia peripheral arterial tonometry (RH-PAT). RESULTS: The diet containing rice with resistant starch reduced fasting insulin and insulin resistance, postprandial glucose (P = 0.010) and insulin levels at 30 min, and glucose and insulin areas under the response curve after the standard meal. Rice with resistant starch also decreased urinary 8-epi-PGF(2) and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) and increased the RH-PAT index (P < 0.001) and total nitric oxide (NO). Postprandial changes in glucose at 60 and 120 min and areas under the glucose response curve, MDA, RH-PAT, and total NO of the test group differed significantly from those in the control even after adjusting for baseline values. Overall, changes in the RH-PAT index correlated positively with changes in total NO (r = 0.336, P = 0.003) and superoxide dismutase activity (r = 0.381, P = 0.001) and negatively with changes in MDA (r = -0.358, P = 0.002) and 8-epi-PGF(2). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with IFG, IGT or newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes, 4-weeks of dietary treatment with rice containing resistant starch was associated with improved endothelial function with reduction of postprandial glucose and oxidative stress compared with control. 
Alkylresorcinols (AR) are phenolic lipids found in the bran fraction of whole-grain wheat, rye, and barley. In intervention studies, plasma AR concentration increased in response to greater intakes of whole grain, wheat, and rye. This study examined the cross-sectional associations between plasma AR and habitual whole-grain intake, BMI, and metabolic risk factors in 407 free-living older adults (166 men and 241 women; aged 60-81y; median BMI: 27 kg/m(2)). Plasma AR were measured by liquid chromatography-tandem MS, and whole-grain intakes were estimated by using an FFQ. After adjustment for fasting TG concentrations, median plasma AR concentrations across quartile categories of AR were 5, 14, 27, and 62 nmol/L, respectively. Spearman correlation coefficients between plasma AR and whole-grain wheat-rich foods and total bran intake were 0.31 and 0.27, respectively (both P < 0.0001). After adjustment for multiple covariates, the geometric means of BMI in the lowest and highest quartile category of plasma AR were 27.6 and 26.7 kg/m(2), respectively (P-trend = 0.04). No associations were observed between plasma AR and glucose and insulin. Our study shows a dose-dependent relationship between whole-grain intake and plasma AR and confirms the previously observed inverse relationship between whole-grain intake and BMI using an independent biomarker of whole-grain wheat intake.
OBJECTIVE: High-fat diets (HFDs) result in increased body weight. However, this is not uniform and determining the factors that make some animals or individual more susceptible to this diet-induced weight gain is a critical research question. The expansion of white adipose tissue (WAT) associated with weight gain requires high rates of angiogenesis to support the expanding tissue mass. We hypothesized that diet-induced obese (DIO) mice have a greater capacity for WAT angiogenesis and remodeling than diet-resistant (DR) mice at a young age, before age or DIO. DESIGN: We measured body weight and body composition by nuclear magnetic resonance. We compared the expression of genes related to lipid metabolism, angiogenesis and inflammation by real-time, quantitative PCR and PCR arrays. WAT morphology and distribution of adipocyte size were analyzed. The level of hypoxia and vascular density was assessed by immunohistochemistry in WAT of young mice. RESULTS: C57Bl/6 mice were DIO and FVB/N (FVB) mice DR after 8 weeks on a low-fat diet or HFD. However, C57Bl/6 mice had lower body weight, lower adiposity, smaller adipocytes and decreased leptin and lipogenic genes expression in adipose tissue than FVB mice at 9 weeks of age on a chow diet. Despite having smaller adipocytes, the level of hypoxia and the expression of pro-angiogenesis genes were higher in WAT of young C57Bl/6 mice than young FVB mice. In addition, expression of genes related to macrophages and their recruitment, and to proinflammatory cytokines, was significantly higher in WAT of young C57Bl/6 mice than young FVB mice. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that the potential for WAT remodeling in early period of growth is higher in C57Bl/6 mice as compared with FVB mice, and we hypothesize that it may contribute to the increased susceptibility to DIO of C57Bl/6 mice. 
Evidence that fructose intake may modify blood pressure is generally limited to adult populations. This study examined cross-sectional associations between dietary intake of fructose, serum uric acid and blood pressure in 814 adolescents aged 13-15 years participating in the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study. Energy-adjusted fructose intake was derived from 3-day food records, serum uric acid concentration was assessed using fasting blood and resting blood pressure was determined using repeated oscillometric readings. In multivariate linear regression models, we did not see a significant association between fructose and blood pressure in boys or girls. In boys, fructose intake was independently associated with serum uric acid (P<0.01), and serum uric acid was independently associated with systolic blood pressure (P<0.01) and mean arterial pressure (P<0.001). Although there are independent associations, there is no direct relationship between fructose intake and blood pressure. Our data suggest that gender may influence these relationships in adolescence, with significant associations observed more frequently in boys than girls.
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: Globally, Spanish is the primary language for 329 million people; however, most urogynecologic questionnaires are available in English. We set out to develop valid Spanish translations of the Questionnaire for Urinary Incontinence Diagnosis (QUID), the Three Incontinence Questions (3IQ), and the short Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7). METHODS: The TRAPD method (translation, review, adjudication, pretesting, and documentation) was used for translation. Eight native Spanish-speaking translators developed Spanish versions collaboratively. These were pretested with cognitive interviews and revised until optimal. For validation, bilingual patients at seven clinics completed Spanish and English questionnaire versions in randomized order. Participants completed a second set of questionnaires later. The Spanish versions' internal consistency and reliability and Spanish-English agreement were measured using Cronbach's alpha, weighted kappa, and intraclass correlation coefficients. RESULTS: A total of 78 subjects were included; 94.9 % self-identified as Hispanic and 73.1 % spoke Spanish as their primary language. The proportion of per-item missing responses was similar in both languages (median 1.3 %). Internal consistency for Spanish PFDI-20 subscales was acceptable to good and for PFIQ-7 and QUID excellent. Test-retest reliability per item was moderate to near perfect for PFDI-20, substantial to near perfect for PFIQ-7 and 3IQ, and substantial for QUID. Spanish-English agreement for individual items was substantial to near perfect for all questionnaires (kappa range 0.64-0.95) and agreement for PFDI-20, PFIQ-7, and QUID subscales scores was high [intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) range 0.92-0.99]. CONCLUSIONS: We obtained valid Spanish translations of the PFDI-20, PFIQ-7, QUID, and 3IQ. These results support their use as clinical and research assessment tools in Spanish-speaking populations. 
SCOPE: The health consequences of lifelong low-level exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) via food are largely unknown, mainly due to the lack of large population-based prospective studies addressing this issue. We validated long-term food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)-based dietary PCB exposure against concentrations of six PCB congeners in serum. METHODS AND RESULTS: Dietary PCB exposure was estimated in the Swedish Mammography Cohort by constructing a recipe-based database of CB-153, an indicator for total PCBs in food. The Spearman rank correlation (adjusted for within-person variability) was assessed between concurrent (2004-2006), past (1997), and long-term (mean of 1997 and 2004-2006) FFQ-based dietary PCB exposure, respectively, and the following serum PCB congeners, CB-118, CB-138, CB-153, CB-156, CB-170, and CB-180, in women (56-85 years of age, n = 201). The correlation between FFQ-based dietary PCB exposure and serum CB-153 was 0.41 (p < 0.001) for the concurrent (median 1.6 ng/kg body weight) and 0.34 (p < 0.05) for the past (median 2.6 ng/kg body weight) exposure assessment. Long-term validity of FFQ-based PCB estimates and the six serum PCB congeners ranged from 0.30 to 0.58 (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: FFQ-based PCB exposure estimates show acceptable validity in relation to PCB concentrations in serum, justifying their use in large-scale epidemiological studies. 
Associations between individual foods or nutrients and oxidative markers have been reported. Comprehensive measures of food intake may be uniquely informative, given the complexity of oxidative systems and the possibility of antioxidant synergies. We quantified associations over a 20-year history between three food-based dietary patterns (summary measures of whole diet) and a plasma biomarker of lipid peroxidation, F2-isoprostanes, in a cohort of Americans ages 18-30 at year 0 (1985-1986). We assessed diet at years 0, 7, and 20 through a detailed history of past-month food consumption and supplement use and measured plasma F2-isoprostanes at years 15 and 20. We created three dietary patterns: (1) a priori ("a priori diet quality score") based on hypothesized healthfulness of foods, (2) an empirical pattern reflecting high fruit and vegetable intake ("fruit-veg"), and (3) an empirical pattern reflecting high meat intake ("meat"). We used linear regression to estimate associations between each dietary pattern and plasma F2-isoprostanes cross-sectionally (at year 20, n=2736) and prospectively (year 0/7 average diet and year 15/20 average F2-isoprostanes, n=2718), adjusting for age, sex, race, total energy intake, education, smoking, body mass index, waist circumference, physical activity, and supplement use. In multivariable-adjusted cross-sectional analysis, the a priori diet quality score and the fruit-veg diet pattern were negatively, and the meat pattern was positively, associated with F2-isoprostanes (all p values <0.001). These associations remained statistically significant in prospective analysis. Our findings suggest that long-term adherence to a diet rich in fruits and vegetables and low in red meat may decrease lipid peroxidation.
Epidemiological and intervention studies have shown that the intake of certain chocolates or cocoa products decreases blood pressure (BP) in humans. (-)-Epicatechin is the most abundant flavanol present in cocoa seeds and its derived foods. This work investigates the effects of dietary (-)-epicatechin on BP in rats that received N()-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME) for 4 days. (-)-Epicatechin administration prevented the 42mm Hg increase in BP associated with the inhibition of NO production in a dose-dependent manner (0.2-4.0g/kg diet). This BP effect was associated with a reduction in L-NAME-mediated increase in the indexes of oxidative stress (plasma TBARS and GSSG/GSH(2) ratio) and with a restoration of the NO concentration. At the vascular level, none of the treatments modified NOS expression, but (-)-epicatechin administration avoided the L-NAME-mediated decrease in eNOS activity and increase in both superoxide anion production and NOX subunit p47(phox) expression. In summary, (-)-epicatechin was able to prevent the increase in BP and in oxidative stress and restored NO bioavailability. The fact that (-)-epicatechin is present in several plants usually consumed by humans gives the possibility of developing diets rich in those plants or pharmacological strategies using that flavonoid to diminish BP in hypertensive subjects.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To assess the performance of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for estimating -3, -6 and trans fatty acid intake during pregnancy. Moreover, we determined whether the fatty acid composition of mature breast milk represents a valuable biomarker for fatty acid intake during pregnancy. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A prospective study in 41 pregnant women, aged 18-35 years, was conducted. Food intake during pregnancy was evaluated by three 24-h recalls (24 hR), and 2 FFQ. The fatty acid composition of mature breast milk was determined by gas chromatography. The method of triads and joint classification between quartiles of intake were applied. RESULTS: The FFQ was accurate for estimating docosahexanoic (DHA), linoleic and total -6 fatty acids according to validity coefficients. Higher agreements (>70%) into the same or adjacent quartiles between the dietary methods were found for -linolenic, total -3, linoleic and trans fatty acid intake. High validity coefficients for eicosapentanoic (EPA) and DHA acids of human milk were found (0.61 and 0.73, respectively), and the method was adequate for categorizing the intake of -linolenic, total -3 and trans fatty acids compared with FFQ estimates, and for arachidonic acid and trans fatty acids compared with food recall estimates, during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ was an accurate tool for categorizing -linolenic, total -3 and trans fatty acid intake. According to the validity coefficients observed, the FFQ accurately estimated DHA, linoleic and total -6 fatty acids and the composition of mature breast milk was shown to be a suitable biomarker for EPA and DHA fatty acid intake during pregnancy. 
The validity of using FFQ to assess dietary lignans is uncertain. We aimed to validate the use of FFQ for the assessment of dietary intake of lignans compared to the serum biomarker enterolactone, the main product of dietary lignans' metabolism in human subjects. A random sample of women, aged 55-75 years, from the Swedish Mammography Cohort was selected. Information from two FFQ, the FFQ-87 (sixty-seven food items) and the FFQ-97 (ninety-three food items), and blood samples were collected. Dietary intake of lignans (secoisolariciresinol, matairesinol, lariciresinol, pinoresinol, medioresinol and syringaresinol) was assessed by the FFQ. Serum concentrations of enterolactone were analysed by time-resolved fluoroimmunoassay. The correlation coefficient between energy-adjusted lignan intake and serum enterolactone was estimated in crude and multivariable-adjusted models, taking into account the factors potentially influencing the serum enterolactone. Among the 135 participants aged 55-75 years, with a mean BMI of 267 kg/m, the average energy-adjusted intake of total lignans was 1616 (sd 424) and 1516 (sd 409) g/d according to the FFQ-87 (forty-five food items containing lignans) and the FFQ-97 (sixty-five food items containing lignans), respectively. The mean concentration of serum enterolactone was 232 (sd 154) nmol/l. The adjusted Pearson's correlation between dietary intake of lignans assessed by the FFQ-97 and serum enterolactone was statistically significant (r 022, P= 001). No significant correlation was observed for the FFQ-87 (r 009, P= 030). The present study indicates that the FFQ-97 might be better than the FFQ-87 for assessing dietary intake of lignans, although the correlation was low.
BACKGROUND: In kidney transplant (Kt) recipients , hypertension is a major risk for cardiovascular complications but also for graft failure. Blood pressure (BP) control is therefore mandatory. Office BP (OBP) remains frequently used for clinical decisions, however home BP (HBP) have brought a significant improvement in the BP control. Sodium is a modifiable risk factor, many studies accounted for a decrease of BP with a sodium restricted diet. Increased potassium intake has been also recommended in hypertension management. Using an agreement between office and home BP, the present study investigated the relations between the BP control in Kt recipients and their urinary excretion and dietary consumption of sodium and potassium. METHODS: The BP control defined by OBP <140/90 mmHg and HBP <135/85 mmHg was tested in 70 Kt recipients (mean age 5611.5 years; mean graft survival 76.6 years) treated with antihypertensive medications. OBP and HBP were measured with a validated oscillometric device (Omron M6). The 24-hour urinary sodium (Na+) and potassium (K+) excretions as well as dietary intakes were compared between controlled and uncontrolled (in office and at home) recipients. Non parametric Wilcoxon Mann-Whitney Test was used for between groups comparisons and Fisher's exact test for frequencies comparisons. Pearson correlation coefficients and paired t-test were used when sample size was >30. RESULTS: Using an agreement between OBP and HBP, we identified controlled (21%) and uncontrolled recipients (49%). Major confounding effects susceptible to interfere with the BP regulation did not differ between groups, the amounts of sodium excretion were similar (154  93 vs 162  88 mmol/24 h) but uncontrolled patients excreted less potassium (68  14 vs 54  20 mmol/24 h; P=0.029) and had significantly lower potassium intakes (3279  753 vs 2208  720 mg/24 h; P=0.009), associated with a higher urinary Na+/K+ratio. Systolic HBP was inversely and significantly correlated to urinary potassium (r=-0.48; P=0.002), a positive but non significant relation was observed with urinary sodium (r=0,30;P=0.074). CONCLUSIONS: Half of the treated hypertensive Kt recipients remained uncontrolled in office and at home. Restoring a well-balanced sodium/potassium ratio intakes could be a non pharmacological opportunity to improve blood pressure control. 
The health benefits of PUFA are well established. There is no valid tool or complete fatty acid database to assess PUFA intake in New Zealand (NZ). This study aimed to develop, validate, and test the reproducibility of a NZ-specific PUFA FFQ. A semiquantitative NZ PUFA FFQ was developed based on a validated Australian PUFA FFQ. The Australian fatty acid database was adapted to include NZ-specific data for major PUFA sources. Healthy participants from Auckland, NZ (n = 48) provided fasting blood samples for erythrocyte PUFA analysis, completed the NZ PUFA FFQ and a 3-d weighed food record (WFR), and repeated the NZ PUFA FFQ 3 mo later (n = 42). Relative validity was evaluated by assessing the triangular relationship among the NZ PUFA FFQ, WFR, and erythrocyte PUFA using the methods of triads [EPA, DHA, total omega-3 (n-3) long-chain (LC) PUFA only] and by comparing, correlating, cross-classifying into quintiles and assessing agreement using Bland-Altman plots of intakes between the NZ PUFA FFQ and WFR. Reproducibility was assessed by comparing and correlating intakes between repeat administrations of the NZ PUFA FFQ. The NZ PUFA FFQ effectively estimated EPA [(QT) = 0.72 (95% CI: 0.49, 0.89)], DHA [(QT) = 0.72 (95% CI: 0.53, 0.95)], and total (n-3) LCPUFA [(QT) = 0.68 (95% CI: 0.47, 0.89)] intakes and was comparable with the WFR for other PUFA except docosapentaenoic acid. Repeated implementation of the NZ PUFA FFQ showed agreement for PUFA intakes. The NZ PUFA FFQ is a valid and reliable tool to measure PUFA intake in healthy NZ adults.
OBJECTIVES: Diets consisting of diverse food items provide a wide range of nutrients that can enhance nutritional quality of the diet. Few studies have, however, assessed dietary diversity and its effects on micronutrient health in rural populations in field settings. This study assesses how well Dietary Diversity Score (DDS), an indicator of dietary diversity based on a simple count of food groups consumed, predicts the micronutrient status, focusing on serum vitamin A concentration. METHODS: We used cross-sectional data from women in food-insecure northern Kenya where dietary diversity is likely critical for micronutrient health yet under-studied. A linear regression model was applied to examine the relationships between DDS and serum retinol concentration. A logistic regression model was used to test DDS as a predictor of vitamin A insufficiency (serum retinol < 1.05 mol/l). RESULTS: DDS had a significant positive effect on serum retinol concentration (t = 2.01, P = 0.045) after adjusting for age, wealth, acute phase reaction, hemoglobin, vitamin A intake and vitamin A supplementation. A one unit increase in DDS by adding an extra food group in one's diet was significantly less likely to have vitamin A insufficiency (OR = 0.64, P = 0.026) after adjusting for the covariates. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that diversified diets enhance vitamin A status relative to narrower diets with equivalent vitamin A content. DDS shows a potential as a low-cost, field-friendly method for exploratory assessments of vitamin A status, and a potential as a research tool for human biologists and anthropologists interested in dietary quality and micronutrient health. 
Recommendations for zinc intake during childhood vary widely across Europe. The EURRECA project attempts to consolidate the basis for the definition of micronutrient requirements, taking into account relationships among intake, status and health outcomes, in order to harmonise these recommendations. Data on zinc intake and biomarkers of zinc status reported in randomised controlled trials (RCTs) can provide estimates of dose-response relationships which may be used for underpinning zinc reference values. This systematic review included all RCTs of apparently healthy children aged 1-17 years published by February 2010 which provided data on zinc intake and biomarkers of zinc status. An intake-status regression coefficient () was calculated for each individual study and calculated the overall pooled and SE () using random effects meta-analysis on a double log scale. The pooled dose-response relationship between zinc intake and zinc status indicated that a doubling of the zinc intake increased the serum/plasma zinc status by 9%. This evidence can be utilised, together with currently used balance studies and repletion/depletion studies, when setting zinc recommendations as a basis for nutrition policies.
BACKGROUND: Fruit and vegetable (F/V) intake assessment tools that are valid, reliable, brief, and easy to administer and code are vital to the field of public health nutrition. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate three short F/V intake screeners (ie, a 2-item serving tool, a 2-item cup tool, and a 16-item F/V intake screener) among adults using multiple 24-hour dietary recalls (24-hour recalls) as the reference instrument and evaluate test-retest reliability of the screeners across a 2- to 3-week time period. DESIGN: Validity and reliability study. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Two hundred forty-four adults for the validity study and 335 adults for test-retest reliability. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Median values for F/V intakes were calculated for the screeners and 24-hour recalls. The Wilcoxon signed rank test was used to compare screeners with the 24-hour recalls. Deattenuated Pearson correlations were reported for validity and intraclass correlation coefficient used for reliability. RESULTS: The estimated median daily servings/cups of F/V for the 2-item serving screener was lower, for the 2-item cup screener was equivalent for men but higher for women, and for the 16-item F/V intake screener were about the same when compared with 24-hour recall values. The deattenuated correlations comparing the 24-hour recalls with the screeners were positive but weak for the 2-item serving screener, and were positive and moderate in strength for the 2-item cup and 16-item F/V intake screeners. The test-retest intraclass correlation coefficients were all positive and fairly strong for all of the screeners. CONCLUSIONS: Although dietary screeners offer a more cost-effective, less burdensome way to obtain gross estimates to rank individuals with regard to F/V intake, these methods are not recommended for assessing precise intake levels. 
Dietary total antioxidant capacity (TAC), based on the cumulative antioxidant activities of all the antioxidants present in food, has been shown to be inversely associated with risks of chronic diseases. However, dietary TAC has not been validated for its relevance in a healthy young population or for reliability and predictability for antioxidant status. Our study aimed to validate TAC as a tool in assessing antioxidant intake and to investigate whether dietary TAC predicts plasma antioxidant status in a healthy young population. Sixty healthy, nonsmoking college students at the University of Connecticut ages 18 to 25 years were recruited. Thirty-day food records and two 12-hour fasting blood samples were collected for dietary and plasma antioxidant assessments. After adjustment for total energy intake, TAC from diet and supplement was positively correlated with intakes of carotenoids (P<0.01), beta carotene (P<0.05), -cryptoxanthin (P<0.05), flavonoids (P<0.0001), isoflavones (P<0.01), flavan-3-ols (P<0.01), flavones (P<0.05), and flavonols (P<0.0001). Dietary TAC was an independent predictor of plasma TAC determined by vitamin C equivalent antioxidant capacity (P<0.01) and by ferric-reducing ability of plasma (P<0.0001), plasma glutathione peroxidase (P<0.01), red blood cell glutathione peroxidase (P<0.05), -tocopherol (P<0.05), and lutein (P<0.05). Results were similar for TAC from diet sources only. The findings suggest that dietary TAC is a good predictor of dietary and plasma antioxidant status in this sample of young adult men and women.
BACKGROUND: Dioxins and PCBs accumulate in the food chain and might exert toxic effects in animals and humans. In large epidemiologic studies, exposure estimates of these compounds based on analyses of biological material might not be available or affordable. OBJECTIVES: To develop and then validate models for predicting concentrations of dioxins and PCBs in blood using a comprehensive food frequency questionnaire and blood concentrations. METHODS: Prediction models were built on data from one study (n=195), and validated in an independent study group (n=66). We used linear regression to develop predictive models for dioxins and PCBs, both sums of congeners and 33 single congeners (7 and 10 polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins and furans (PCDDs/PCDFs), 12 dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs: 4 non-ortho and 8 mono-ortho), sum of all the 29 dioxin-like compounds (total TEQ) and sum of 4 non dioxin-like PCBs ( CB-101, 138, 153, 183=PCB(4)). We used the blood concentration and dietary intake of each of the above as dependent and independent variables, while sex, parity, age, place of living, smoking status, energy intake and education were covariates. We validated the models in a new study population comparing the predicted blood concentrations with the measured blood concentrations using correlation coefficients and Weighted Kappa ((W)) as measures of agreement, considering (W)>0.40 as successful prediction. RESULTS: The models explained 78% (sum dioxin-like compounds), 76% (PCDDs), 76% (PCDFs), 74% (no-PCBs), 69% (mo-PCBs), 68% (PCB(4)) and 63% (CB-153) of the variance. In addition to dietary intake, age and sex were the most important covariates. The predicted blood concentrations were highly correlated with the measured values, with r=0.75 for dl-compounds 0.70 for PCB(4), (p<0.001) and 0.66 (p<0.001) for CB-153. (W) was 0.68 for sum dl-compounds 0.65 for both PCB(4) and CB-153. Out of 33 congeners 16 (13dl-compounds and 3 ndl PCBs) had (W)>0.40. CONCLUSIONS: The models developed had high power to predict blood levels of dioxins and PCBs and to correctly rank subjects according to high or low exposure based on dietary intake and demographic information. These models underline the value of dietary intake data for use in investigations of associations between dioxin and PCB exposure and health outcomes in large epidemiological studies with limited biomaterial for chemical analysis. 
OBJECTIVE: Limited data are available about risk factors for the progression of aortic stiffness in healthy population. We examined several risk factors as possible independent predictors of aortic stiffness progression among a population-based sample of US men. METHODS: A total of 240 men (40-49 years) free of CVD at baseline from the Pittsburgh site of the ERA JUMP study were evaluated. Aortic stiffness was measured as carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity at baseline and after 4.6  0.2 (mean  SD) years of follow-up. Progression of aortic stiffness was evaluated as relative annual change in carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (% change/year). Using linear regression, both baseline potential risk factors and their annual changes were evaluated as possible risk factors for aortic stiffness progression. Baseline age, follow-up time, race, heart rate, and medications use were forced in all models. RESULTS: During follow-up, relative to baseline level, aortic stiffness increased 0.3%  5.3% per year. In final models, the independent predictors of degree of aortic stiffness progression were lower levels of adiponectin (P = 0.03), higher levels of systolic blood pressure (P = 0.03), greater annual change in systolic blood pressure (P = 0.04), and alcohol consumption  2 times/week (P = 0.02). Adiponectin levels within the third (9.8 g/Ml  adiponectin < 13.0 g/mL) and the fourth (adiponectin  13.0 g/mL) quartiles were associated with an improvement in relative annual aortic stiffness progression (P = 0.02, P = 0.01, respectively) compared to levels within the first quartile (adiponectin  7.0 g/mL). CONCLUSION: Among apparently healthy men, lower levels of baseline adiponectin could be a novel marker for greater risk of aortic stiffness progression. Longitudinal research is required to evaluate whether adiponectin change over time would have similar association with aortic stiffness progression. 
This study aimed to find the association between urinary aflatoxin M(1) level and milk and dairy products consumption. Of 160 morning urine samples collected, aflatoxin M(1) was detected in 61.3 % samples (n = 98) [mean  SD = 0.0234  0.0177 ng/mL; range = 0-0.0747 ng/mL]. Of these positive samples, 67.3 % (n = 66) had levels above the limit of detection. Respondents with intake of milk and dairy products above median (67.79 g/day) had significantly high level of AFM(1) compared to those with low intake. A significant and positive association ( = 0.286) was found between milk and dairy products consumption and urinary aflatoxin M(1) level.
Folate is a nutrient of major health significance, but its dietary intake assessment is particularly complex to quantify through traditional approaches. Attempts have been made to validate dietary instruments for assessing folate intake against circulating concentration biomarkers. However, this requires careful attention on various methodological issues. We conducted a qualitative review of 17 recently published validation studies to identify these issues. The majority of the tested instruments were self-administered food frequency questionnaires while the biomarker most frequently used was serum/plasma folate. Seasonality was not considered in most studies. Little attention was given to using updated food composition databases based on reliable chemical methods and including fortified foods and dietary supplements. Time sequence of the test instrument and the reference biomarker used was often ambiguous, and reference periods did not always match. Correlation coefficient was the metric most commonly used, and correlations between dietary folate intake and blood folate concentration varied from weak to moderate (r = 0.05-0.54). The correlations were stronger when dietary supplement use was considered, and when serum/plasma rather than red blood cell folate was used. This review summarises issues that need to be considered in future studies intending to validate instruments for dietary folate assessment against concentration biomarkers.
Exotic fruits such as aai, camu-camu, and blackberries rich in natural antioxidants (ascorbic acid, anthocyanins) are marketed as "functional" foods supporting a pro-/antioxidant balance. Confirming data from human studies are lacking. Within a randomized controlled crossover trial, 12 healthy nonsmokers ingested 400 mL of a blended juice of these fruits or a sugar solution (control). Blood was drawn before and afterward to determine antioxidants in plasma, markers of antioxidant capacity [trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity, Folin-Ciocalteu reducing capacity, total oxidant scavenging capacity (TOSC)] and oxidative stress [isoprostane, DNA strand breaks in leukocytes in vivo], and their resistance versus HO-induced strand breaks. Compared with sugar solution, juice consumption increased plasma ascorbic acid and maintained TOSC and partly Folin-Ciocalteu reducing capacity (both P values < 0.05). Strand breaks in vivo increased after ingestion of both beverages (P < 0.001), probably due to postprandial and/or circadian effects. This anthocyanin-rich fruit juice may stabilize the pro-/antioxidant balance in healthy nonsmokers without affecting markers of oxidative stress.
OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy of a public health intervention to reduce blood mercury (Hg) concentration levels in pregnant Bermudian women. METHODS: In 2003, we conducted a study entitled "Prenatal exposure of the Bermudian Population to Environmental Contaminants" which provided Bermuda's first baseline data on prenatal exposure to several environmental contaminants, including Hg. The mean Hg concentration from 42 healthy newborns measured in umbilical cord blood was 41.3 nmol/L, ranging from 5-160 nmol/L. This concentration was much higher than expected, being approximately 8 times the general levels found in Canada and the U.S. Furthermore, we estimated that 85% of total Hg measured was in the form of methylmercury (MeHg), indicating that seafood consumption was the primary source of Hg exposure during pregnancy in Bermuda. Locally sourced seafood was identified as the most significant possible contributory source of Hg exposure. In 2005 the authors began a complementary research programme to study the levels of Hg in local commercial fish species. Coming out of this research were specific local fish consumption guidelines issued by the Department of Health advising pregnant women to avoid those local fish species found to be high in Hg while still encouraging consumption of fish species having lower Hg levels. RESULTS: In 2010, under another research initiative, we returned to Bermuda to carry out another evaluation of Hg in human blood. Hg was measured in the blood of 49 pregnant women. The arithmetic mean Hg blood concentration was 6.6 nmol/L and the geometric mean 4.2 nmol/L. The maximum concentration found was 24 nmol/L. CONCLUSIONS: Hg exposure of Bermudian pregnant women has dropped significantly by a factor of around 5 since the foetal cord blood study in 2003. 
Oxidative stress has been implicated in the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Bilirubin is a potent endogenous antioxidant, and coffee is a major source of exogenous antioxidants. Serum gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT), a marker of oxidative stress, is a strong predictor of the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study evaluated the effect modification of bilirubin and coffee consumption on the association of serum GGT with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and the combined effect of bilirubin and coffee on HbA1c concentrations.METHODS: The subjects were 4492 men and 6242 women aged 49-76 years who participated in the baseline survey of an on-going cohort study on lifestyle-related diseases in Fukuoka, Japan. Geometric means of HbA1c were examined according to quartile categories of GGT, with stratification by serum total bilirubin ( 0.6 mg/dL versus less in men and  0.5 mg/dL versus less in women) and coffee consumption (< 1, 1-3 and  4 cups of per day). Statistical adjustment was made for age, smoking, alcohol use and body mass index by using analysis of covariance. RESULTS: HbA1 concentrations increased progressively with increasing levels of GGT in both men and women. The increasing trend of HbA1c concentrations associated with GGT did not differ by either bilirubin status or coffee consumption. Both men and women with high bilirubin had consistently lower concentrations of HbA1c across the GGT quartiles. Higher coffee consumption was associated with lower concentrations of HbA1c in women with low bilirubin (trend P = 0.04), but not with high bilirubin (trend P = 0.37). There was no such association between coffee and HbA1c in men with either low or high bilirubin levels. CONCLUSIONS: Bilirubin is possibly protective against deterioration of glucose metabolism. Further studies are needed regarding the combined effect of bilirubin and coffee on glucose metabolism. 
Adolescence is an important life stage for the development of dietary preferences and health behaviour. Longitudinal studies indicated that cardiovascular status in adolescence predicts cardiovascular risk marker values in adulthood. Several diet quality indices for adolescents have been developed in the past, but literature concerning associations between indices and biomarkers of dietary exposure and cardiovascular status is rather sparse. Hence, the aim of this study was to analyse associations of dietary indices with biomarkers of dietary exposure and cardiovascular status.METHODS: For the present analysis, data from the German Health Interview and Examination Survey for Children and Adolescents (KiGGS 2003-2006) were used. The analysis included 5,198 adolescents, aged 12 to 17years. The Healthy Food Diversity Index (HFD), the Healthy Nutrition Score for Kids and Youth (HuSKY), the Indicator Food Index (IFI) and a simple fruit/vegetable intake index were derived from food frequency questionnaire information  to indicate a healthy diet. Adjusted mean values for homocysteine, uric acid, CRP, total cholesterol, HDL-C, ferritin, HbA1c, folate, vitamin B12 and BMI were calculated using complex-samples general linear models for quintiles of the different indices. Furthermore, the agreement in ranking between the different indices was calculated by weighted kappa. All statistical analyses were conducted for boys and girls separately, and were adjusted for potential confounders. RESULTS: Folate was positively associated with the HFD, the HuSKY, and fruit/vegetable intake for both boys and girls and with IFI for boys. Among girls, positive associations were seen between vitamin B12 and the IFI and between diastolic blood pressure and the IFI as well as fruit/vegetable intake. A negative association was found between homocysteine and the HFD, the HuSKY, and the IFI for both boys and girls and with fruit/vegetable intake for boys. Among boys, uric acid and HbA1c were negatively and prevalence of obesity positively associated with the IFI. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, the indices, even the simpler ones, seem to have a similar general capability in predicting biomarkers of dietary exposure. To predict risk of cardiovascular disease dietary indices may have to be more specific. 
OBJECTIVE: Because exogenous estrogen treatment has been associated with a higher risk of urinary incontinence, our objective was to evaluate the longitudinal relationships of dietary phytoestrogen intakes (isoflavones, coumestans, and lignans) and the development of incontinence in midlife women transitioning through menopause. METHODS: The Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN) Phytoestrogen Study was developed within SWAN, a community-based, multisite, multiracial/ethnic, prospective cohort study. SWAN interviewers administered a food consumption assessment at baseline and on follow-up visits 5 and 9. The SWAN Phytoestrogen Study created a phytonutrient database that allowed estimation of the usual daily intakes of four isoflavones, four lignans, and coumestrol. On an annual self-administered questionnaire, participants reported on the frequency and type of incontinence. We used discrete proportional hazards models to evaluate whether the estimated daily intake of each phytoestrogen class on the visit previous to the first report of incontinence was associated with the development of monthly or more incontinence versus remaining continent. RESULTS: We found no association or patterns of association between developing any, stress, or urge incontinence and the reported daily dietary intake of isoflavones, coumestrol, and lignans on the visit previous to the onset of incontinence. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this longitudinal study provide important information to better understand estrogenlike substances in the continence mechanism of midlife women. Our study shows that neither high nor low dietary intakes of isoflavones, coumestrol, and lignans prevent stress or urge incontinence. Future studies should evaluate whether serum levels of phytoestrogens or their metabolites impact incontinence symptoms. 
BACKGROUND: Diet is a cornerstone of type 1 diabetes treatment, and poor diet quality may affect glycemic control and other health outcomes. Yet diet quality in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes remains understudied. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate multiple indicators of diet quality in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes and their associations with hemoglobin A1c and body mass index percentile. DESIGN: In this cross-sectional study, participants completed 3-day diet records, and data were abstracted from participants' medical records. Diet quality indicators included servings of fruit, vegetables, and whole grains; Healthy Eating Index-2005 (HEI-2005) score; Nutrient Rich Foods 9.3 score (NRF 9.3); and glycemic index. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes  1 year, aged 8 to 18 years, were recruited at routine clinic visits. Of 291 families enrolled, 252 provided diet data. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Associations of diet quality indicators to HbA1c and body mass index percentile were examined using analysis of covariance and multiple linear regression. RESULTS: Participants demonstrated low adherence to dietary guidelines; mean HEI-2005 score was 53.4  11.0 (range = 26.7 to 81.2). Intake of fruit, vegetables, and whole grains was less than half the recommended amount. Almost half of the participants' daily energy intake was derived from refined-grain products, desserts, chips, and sweetened beverages. Higher fruit (P = 0.04) and whole-grain (P = 0.03) intake were associated with lower HbA1c in unadjusted, but not adjusted analyses; vegetable intake, HEI-2005 score, NRF 9.3 score, and glycemic index were not associated with HbA1c. Higher fruit (P = 0.01) and whole-grain (P = 0.04) intake and NRF 9.3 score (P = 0.02), but not other diet quality indicators, were associated with lower body mass index percentile in adjusted analyses. CONCLUSIONS: Data demonstrate poor diet quality in youth with type 1 diabetes and provide support for the importance of diet quality for weight management. Future research on determinants of dietary intake and methods to promote improved diet quality would be useful to inform clinical care. 
SCOPE: Sulforaphane (a potent anticarcinogenic isothiocyanate derived from glucoraphanin) is widely considered responsible for the protective effects of broccoli consumption. Broccoli is typically purchased fresh or frozen and cooked before consumption. We compared the bioavailability and metabolism of sulforaphane from portions of lightly cooked fresh or frozen broccoli, and investigated the bioconversion of sulforaphane to erucin. METHODS AND RESULTS: Eighteen healthy volunteers consumed broccoli soups produced from fresh or frozen broccoli florets that had been lightly cooked and sulforaphane thio-conjugates quantified in plasma and urine. Sulforaphane bioavailability was about tenfold higher for the soups made from fresh compared to frozen broccoli, and the reduction was shown to be due to destruction of myrosinase activity by the commercial blanching-freezing process. Sulforaphane appeared in plasma and urine in its free form and as several thio-conjugates forms. Erucin N-acetyl-cysteine conjugate was a significant urinary metabolite, and it was shown that human gut microflora can produce sulforaphane, erucin, and their nitriles from glucoraphanin. CONCLUSION: The short period of blanching used to produce commercial frozen broccoli destroys myrosinase and substantially reduces sulforaphane bioavailability. Sulforaphane was converted to erucin and excreted in urine, and it was shown that human colonic flora were capable of this conversion. 
Food-based dietary guidelines (FBDG) aim to address the nutritional requirements at population level in order to prevent diseases and promote a healthy lifestyle. Diet quality indices can be used to assess the compliance with these FBDG. The present study aimed to investigate whether the newly developed Diet Quality Index for Adolescents (DQI-A) is a good surrogate measure for adherence to FBDG, and whether adherence to these FBDG effectively leads to better nutrient intakes and nutritional biomarkers in adolescents. Participants included 1804 European adolescents who were recruited in the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence (HELENA) Study. Dietary intake was assessed by two, non-consecutive 24 h recalls. A DQI-A score, considering the components' dietary quality, diversity and equilibrium, was calculated. Associations between the DQI-A and food and nutrient intakes and blood concentration biomarkers were investigated using multilevel regression analysis corrected for centre, age and sex. DQI-A scores were associated with food intake in the expected direction: positive associations with nutrient-dense food items, such as fruits and vegetables, and inverse associations with energy-dense and low-nutritious foods. On the nutrient level, the DQI-A was positively related to the intake of water, fibre and most minerals and vitamins. No association was found between the DQI-A and total fat intake. Furthermore, a positive association was observed with 25-hydroxyvitamin D, holo-transcobalamin and n-3 fatty acid serum levels. The present study has shown good validity of the DQI-A by confirming the expected associations with food and nutrient intakes and some biomarkers in blood.
Some evidence suggests that various diet components and nutrients, including vegetables, fruit and food-derived antioxidants, could mitigate contaminant exposure and/or adverse health effects of contaminants. To examine the effect of the consumption of tomato products on blood mercury levels in Inuit preschool children, 155 Inuit children (25.09.1months) were recruited from 2006-2008 in Nunavik childcare centers (northern Qubec, Canada). Food frequency questionnaires were completed at home and at the childcare center, and total blood mercury concentration was measured by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry. Multivariate regression analysis was performed after multiple imputation. The median blood concentration of mercury was 9.5nmol/L. Age, duration of breastfeeding, annual consumption frequency of seal meat, and monthly consumption frequency of tomato products were significant predictors of blood mercury levels, whereas annual consumption frequencies of beluga muktuk, walrus, Arctic char, and caribou meat were not. Each time a participant consumed tomato products during the month before the interview was associated with a 4.6% lower blood mercury level (p=0.0005). All other significant predictors in the model were positively associated with blood mercury levels. Further studies should explore interactions between consumption of healthy store-bought foods available in Arctic regions and contaminant exposure.
OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship of beef and protein intake to nutrition status, body composition, strength, and biochemical measures of vitamin and mineral status, inflammation and blood lipids in older adults. DESIGN: Cross-sectional observational study. SETTING: State of Ohio, U.S.A. PARTICIPANTS: 142 adults ages 60-88. MEASUREMENTS: Subjects completed a Diet History Questionnaire, and questionnaires related to nutrition status and activity. Subjects also underwent measurements of body composition and strength, and a subset took part in a blood draw for biochemical measurements. RESULTS: Beef intake (g/d) was positively correlated to muscle mass measured by mid-arm muscle area (R=0.128, p=0.030). From multiple linear regression analysis, a 1oz/d (~28g/d) increase in beef consumption predicts for a 2.3cm(2) increase in mid-arm muscle area. Beef intake was negatively correlated to total (R=-0.179, p=0.035) and HDL (R=-0.247, p=0.004) cholesterol, and there was no association between beef and LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, liver enzymes, or inflammatory markers. Protein intake (% of total energy) was positively correlated to nutrition status measured by the Mini Nutrition Assessment (R=0.196, p=0.020), and calf circumference (R=0.190, p=0.024), and these correlations remained when potential confounders were accounted for in multiple linear regression models. Protein intake was also positively correlated with BMI when analyzed with multiple linear regression. CONCLUSIONS: Beef intake was positively associated with mid-arm muscle area, and protein intake was positively associated with nutrition status, calf circumference, and BMI in older adults. Consuming lean cuts of beef in moderation may be a healthy way in which older adults can increase protein intake, preserve muscle mass and improve nutrition status. 
BACKGROUND: Lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) in aging men are often associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). While regulatory evaluations of treatment benefit require an assessment of specific symptoms, a simpler approach to measuring patients' perceptions of severity and symptom change may be particularly useful for clinical practice. The aim of this study was to provide evidence of the validity of the 1-item Patient Global Impression of Severity (PGI-S) and Improvement (PGI-I) questionnaires for use as outcome measures in the treatment of BPH-LUTS. METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of data from 4 randomized placebo-controlled 12-week trials evaluating tadalafil for the treatment of BPH-LUTS (N=1694). Visit 2 (V2 [beginning of a 4-week placebo lead-in period]) and endpoint assessments included International Prostate Symptom Score (IPSS), IPSS Quality of Life Index (IPSS-QoL), BPH Impact Index (BII), and peak urine flow (Qmax). PGI-S was only administered at V2 and PGI-I only at endpoint. Associations between the PGI-S or the PGI-I and the other assessments were analyzed by calculating Spearman rank correlation coefficients and performing analysis of variance (ANOVA). RESULTS: Spearman correlation coefficients were 0.43, 0.43, 0.53, and -0.09, between the PGI-S and IPSS, IPSS-QoL, BII, and Qmax baseline results (all P<0.001). Similar results were seen across race, ethnicity, and baseline severity (moderate LUTS versus severe LUTS). IPSS, IPSS-QoL, BII baseline scores (P <0.001) and Qmax values (P=0.003) were significantly different among the 4 PGI-S severity levels. Spearman correlation coefficients were 0.56, 0.53, 0.47 and -0.15 between the PGI-I and change in IPSS, IPSS-QoL, BII scores, and Qmax values from baseline to endpoint (all P<0.001). Similar results were seen across race, ethnicity, and baseline severity. Change in IPSS, IPSS-QoL, BII scores, and Qmax values (P<0.001) were significantly different among the PGI-I levels (i.e., patient perception of change in urinary symptoms). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated patients' overall perceptions of their severity and change in BPH-LUTS can be captured in a way that is simple, valid, and easily administered in a research setting or clinical practice. Clinical parameters are weakly associated with patients' perception of urinary symptoms, emphasizing the importance of a patient-reported assessment in the evaluation of BPH-LUTS treatment benefit. 
Laboratory evidence suggests that certain specialty dietary supplements have antiinflammatory properties, though evidence in humans remains limited. Data on a nationally representative sample of 9,947 adults from the 1999-2004 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were used to assess the associations between specialty supplement use and inflammation, as measured by serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) concentration. Using survey-weighted multivariate linear regression, significant reductions in hs-CRP concentrations were associated with regular use of glucosamine (17%, 95% confidence interval (CI): 7, 26), chondroitin (22%, 95% CI: 8, 33), and fish oil (16%, 95% CI: 0.3, 29). No associations were observed between hs-CRP concentration and regular use of supplements containing methylsulfonylmethane, garlic, ginkgo biloba, saw palmetto, or pycnogenol. These results suggest that glucosamine and chondroitin supplements are associated with reduced inflammation in humans and provide further evidence to support an inverse association between use of fish oil supplements and inflammation. It is important to further investigate the potential antiinflammatory role of these supplements, as there is a need to identify safe and effective ways to reduce inflammation and the burden of inflammation-related diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Concerns about pesticide exposure through food consumption have increased during the past several years. Pyrethroids are applied as insecticides throughout the world. Human metabolism of pyrethroids results in urinary metabolites that are suitable for biological monitoring. The objective of our study was to investigate the relation between food consumption and urinary levels of 3-phenoxybenzoic acid (3-PBA), a general metabolite of pyrethroids, in a non-occupational exposed adult population from the IDI-IRCCS, Rome, Italy. Information on socio-demographic characteristics, smoking, diet and self-reported household pesticide exposure was collected. Urinary 3-PBA level of each subject was measured and adjusted by urinary creatinine. We found that people consuming both raw and cooked vegetables five times weekly or more had higher mean levels of 3-PBA in urine (1.03 g/g creatinine versus 0.52 g/g creatinine; p=0.009 and 0.99 g/g creatinine versus 0.58 g/g creatinine; p=0.01, respectively) than subjects consuming less than five times weekly. In a multivariate model, after adjusting for age, sex, BMI, smoking and household insecticide exposure, high intake of raw vegetables (OR: 5.31; 95%CI: 1.32-21.3) and high intake of cooked vegetables, in particular cruciferous (OR: 4.67; 95%CI: 1.07-20.5) and leafy vegetables (OR: 6.88; 95%CI: 1.50-31.7), were associated with high urine 3-PBA levels (0.70 g/g creatinine). The results of this study suggest that part of the variation in pyrethrois intake is explained by vegetable intake.
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Hypertension is a major public health problem and a leading cause of death and disability in both developed and developing countries, affecting one-quarter of the world's adult population. Our aim was to evaluate whether the consumption of gazpacho, a Mediterranean vegetable-based cold soup rich in phytochemicals, is associated with lower blood pressure (BP) and/or reduced prevalence of hypertension in individuals at high cardiovascular risk. METHODS AND RESULTS: We selected 3995 individuals (58% women, mean age 67 y) at high cardiovascular risk (81% hypertensive) recruited into the PREDIMED study. BP, weight, and dietary and physical activity data were collected. In multivariate linear regression analyses, after adjustment, moderate and high gazpacho consumption categories were associated with reduced mean systolic BP of -1.9 mm Hg [95% confidence interval (CI): -3.4; -0.6] and -2.6 mm Hg (CI: -4.2; -1.0), respectively, and reduced diastolic BP of -1.5 mm Hg (CI: -2.3; -0.6) and -1.9 mm Hg (CI: -2.8; -1.1). By multiple-adjusted logistic regression analysis, gazpacho consumption was associated with a lower prevalence of hypertension, with OR = 0.85 (CI: 0.73; 0.99) for each 250 g/week increase and OR = 0.73 (CI: 0.55; 0.98) for high gazpacho consumption groups compared to the no-consumption group. CONCLUSIONS: Gazpacho consumption was inversely associated with systolic and diastolic BP and prevalence of hypertension in a cross-sectional Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk. The association between gazpacho intake and reduction of BP is probably due to synergy among several bioactive compounds present in the vegetable ingredients used to make the recipe. 
BACKGROUND: Limited data is available on sodium (Na) and potassium (K) intake in young children estimated by 24 hour (24h) excretion in urine. The aim was to assess 24h urinary excretion of Na and K in six-year-old children and its relationship with diet quality. METHODS: The study population was a subsample of a national dietary survey, including six-year-old children living in the greater Reykjavik area (n=76). Three day weighed food records were used to estimate diet quality. Diet quality was defined as adherence to the Icelandic food based dietary guidelines. Na and K excretion was analyzed from 24h urine collections. PABA check was used to validate completeness of urine collections. The associations between Na and K excretion and diet quality were estimated by linear regression, adjusting for gender and energy intake. RESULTS: Valid urine collections and diet registrations were provided by 58 children. Na and K excretion was, mean (SD), 1.64 (0.54) g Na/24h (approx. 4.1 g salt/24h) and 1.22 (0.43) g K/24h. In covariate adjusted models Na excretion decreased by 0.16 g Na/24h (95% CI: 0.31, 0.06) per 1-unit increase in diet quality score (score range: 1-4) while K excretion was increased by 0.18 g K/24h (95% CI: 0.06, 0.29). CONCLUSIONS: Na intake, estimated by 24h urinary excretion was on average higher than recommended. Increased diet quality was associated with lower Na excretion and higher K excretion in six-year-old children. 
Ghrelin is a gastrointestinal peptide hormone that is present in blood mostly in a non-posttranslationally modified form, with a minor proportion acylated at Ser(3). Both ghrelin forms were initially assigned a role in the control of food intake but there is accumulating evidence for their involvement in fat allocation and utilization. We investigated changes in the ghrelin system in dairy cows, exhibiting differences in body fat mobilization and fatty liver, from late pregnancy to early lactation. Sixteen dairy cows underwent liver biopsy and were retrospectively grouped based on high (H) or low (L) liver fat content post-partum. Both groups had a comparable feed intake in week -6 (before parturition) and week 2 (after parturition). Only before parturition was preprandial total ghrelin concentration higher in L than in H cows and only after parturition was the basal plasma concentration of non-esterified fatty acids higher in H than in L cows. Both before and after parturition, H cows had higher preprandial plasma concentrations of acyl ghrelin, a higher acyl:total ghrelin ratio, lower plasma triacylglyceride concentrations and a lower respiratory quotient compared with L cows. These group differences could not be attributed to an allelic variant of the acyl ghrelin receptor. Rather, the ratio of acyl:total ghrelin correlated with several aspects of fat metabolism and with respiratory quotient but not with feed intake. These results show that endogenous ghrelin forms are associated with fat allocation, fatty liver, and utilization of fat during the periparturient period.
OBJECTIVE: To validate a brief FFQ developed for capturing short-term antioxidant intake in a sample of US college students. DESIGN: A seventy-four-item antioxidant FFQ was developed based on major antioxidant sources in the American diet. The FFQ was validated against 30 d food records (FR) and plasma antioxidant concentrations. The reliability of the FFQ was evaluated by two FFQ administered at a 1-month interval. Settings University of Connecticut, CT, USA. SUBJECTS: Sixty healthy college students. RESULTS: Estimates of dietary antioxidants from the FFQ were moderately to highly correlated with those estimated from the 30 d FR (r = 029-080; P < 005) except for -tocopherol and -cryptoxanthin. Total antioxidant capacity from diet only or from diet and supplements estimated by the 30 d FR and FFQ were highly correlated (r = 067 and 071, respectively; P < 00001). The FFQ categorized 91 % of participants into the same or adjacent tertiles of antioxidant intake as the 30 d FR. Most dietary carotenoids estimated from the FFQ were correlated with plasma levels (P < 005). Correlation coefficients for test-retest reliability ranged from 039 to 086. More than 94 % of the participants were classified in the same or adjacent tertiles between the two administrations of the FFQ. CONCLUSIONS: The brief FFQ demonstrated reasonable validity for capturing a comprehensive antioxidant intake profile. This FFQ is applicable in epidemiological or clinical studies to capture short-term antioxidant intake or to simply document the variations of antioxidant intake in intervention trials. Cross-validation studies are warranted in other target populations. 
OBJECTIVE: The menin tumor suppressor protein is abundantly expressed in the liver, although no function has been identified because of lack of tumor development in multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 (Men1) null livers. We examine the phenotype of mice lacking one functional allele of Men1 (consistent with the phenotype in humans with MEN1 syndrome) challenged with high fat diet (HFD) to elucidate a metabolic function for hepatic menin. METHODS: In this study, we challenged mice harboring a liver-specific hemizygous deletion of Men1 (HETs) alongside wild-type (WT) counterparts with HFD for 3 months and monitored the severity of metabolic changes. We demonstrate that the HET mice challenged with HFD for 3 months show an increased weight gain with decreased glucose tolerance compared with WT counterparts. Along with these changes, there was a more severe serum hormone profile involving increased serum insulin, glucose and glucagon, all hallmarks of the type 2 diabetic phenotype. In concert with increased serum hormones, we found that these mice have significantly increased liver triglycerides coupled with increased liver steatosis and inflammatory markers. Quantitative real-time PCR and western blotting studies show increases in enzymes involved with lipogenesis and hepatic glucose production. CONCLUSION: We conclude that hepatic menin is required for regulation of diet-induced metabolism, and our studies indicate a protective role for the Men1 gene in the liver when challenged with HFD. 
BACKGROUND: Mechanisms underlying coffee's beneficial actions against cardiovascular disease and glucose metabolism are not well understood. Little information is available regarding association between coffee consumption and adipocytokines. OBJECTIVE: We investigated potential associations between coffee consumption and adiponectin, leptin, markers for subclinical inflammation, glucose metabolism, lipids and liver enzymes. We then investigated whether adipocytokines played a role in the association between coffee consumption and these markers. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: This is a cross-sectional study comprising 2554 male and 763 female Japanese workers. Potential relations between coffee consumption and adipocytokines or other markers were evaluated using a multiple linear regression model adjusted for confounding factors. We evaluated whether adiponectin and leptin partly explain the associations between coffee consumption and each marker by multiple mediation analysis. RESULTS: Coffee consumption showed significant positive associations with adiponectin and total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and inverse associations with leptin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), triglycerides and liver enzymes (all P<0.05). An adjustment for adiponectin and leptin significantly attenuated the associations between coffee consumption and hs-CRP or triglycerides, but not for liver enzymes. No associations were observed between coffee consumption and glucose metabolism-related markers. CONCLUSION: Coffee consumption was associated with high adiponectin and low leptin levels. We speculated that adipocytokines mainly explain the associations of coffee consumption with lipids and hs-CRP. Factors other than adipocytokines may explain the association between coffee consumption and liver function. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Inflammation markers (IM) have been associated with the development of chronic diseases. This study compares the effects on IM of three exercise programs combined with a hypocaloric diet. METHODS: 119 overweight participants (73 women, 46 men) aged 18-50 years were randomised into four treatment groups: strength training (S; n = 30), endurance training (E; n = 30), combined S + E (SE; n = 30), and a diet and physical activity recommendations group (D; n = 29). Energy intake, anthropometric variables (AV), training variables (VO2peak, strength index, dynamometric strength index [DSI]) and plasma IM were recorded at baseline and after 22 weeks of treatment. RESULTS: 84 participants completed the study. At 22 weeks, all groups showed a significantly reduced energy intake (P < 0.001) and improved AV (P < 0.001). VO2peak significantly increased in all groups (P < 0.01). DSI increased in the exercise groups only (P < 0.05). Plasma leptin fell significantly (P < 0.001) in the S and E groups, but not significantly in the SE group (P = 0.029) (no significant differences between these groups). Tumour necrosis factor- (TNF-), and C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations decreased in all groups when examined together, but not when examined separately. No significant differences were seen in interleukin-6 (IL-6). CONCLUSIONS: Combining strength or endurance training with a hypocaloric diet improved AV and reduced plasma leptin concentrations. No differences were seen between groups in terms of TNF-, IL-6 or CRP reduction. This trial was registered at clinical trials.gov as NCT01116856. http://clinicaltrials.gov/. 
BACKGROUND: Intermittent catheterization, often performed by the users themselves and known as intermittent self-catheterization (ISC), has become the gold standard treatment for people with chronic urinary retention. To date, there are no validated patient-reported outcome measures for individuals who rely on ISC that focus on ISC-related quality of life and can help health care professionals and catheter users to optimize long-term ISC care. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to develop and validate a patient-reported outcome measure, the Intermittent Self-Catheterization Questionnaire (ISC-Q), which evaluates aspects of quality of life specific to the needs of individuals performing ISC. METHODS: This study was divided into 2 phases. The first phase focused on the development of the ISC-Q using 20 interviews and a review of selected literature. In addition, 10 interviews with UK and French individuals who performed ISC were conducted to ensure face and content validity of the ISC-Q. In the second phase of the study, the ISC-Q was administered online in the United Kingdom, France, and Germany to 306 individuals with neurologic urinary retention (including spinal cord injury, multiple sclerosis, and spina bifida), who performed ISC for at least 6 months, and were aged 18 to 85 years. Item reduction, reliability, and validity testing were performed to determine the psychometric properties of the ISC-Q. Responsiveness and minimum important differences were also examined. RESULTS: The initial phase of the study led to the development of a 4-domain instrument focusing on ease of use, convenience, discreetness, and psychological well-being. Various item reduction techniques were used that resulted in the removal of 3 items from the ISC-Q; there were 24 items in the final version. The conceptual framework of the ISC-Q was confirmed with a four-factor solution of the subscales. The ISC-Q was psychometrically robust, with excellent internal consistency, adequate test-retest reliability, and good validity (convergent and known groups validity). Overall, the responsiveness results show the ISC-Q to be sensitive to change, and the total ISC-Q minimum important difference estimates ranged from 4.94 to 8.73. CONCLUSION: The findings illustrate the ISC-Q to be a valid and reliable outcome measure that evaluated aspects of ISC-related quality of life. 
Web-based Dietary Assessment Software for Children (WebDASC) was developed to estimate dietary intake in a school meal intervention study among 8- to 11-year-old Danish children. The present study validates self-reported fruit, juice and vegetable (FJV) intakes in 8- to 11-year-old children by comparing intake with plasma carotenoid concentration, and by comparing the reported FJV intake to actually eaten FJV, as observed by a photographic method. A total of eighty-one children, assisted by parents, reported their diet for seven consecutive days. For the same five schooldays as they reported their diet, the children's school lunch was photographed and weighed before and after eating. In the week after the diet reporting, fasting blood samples were taken. Self-reported intake of FJV and estimated intake of carotenoids were compared with plasma carotenoid concentration. Accuracy of self-reported food and FJV consumption at school lunch was measured in terms of matches, intrusion, omission and faults, when compared with images and weights of lunch intake. Self-reported intake of FJV was significantly correlated with the total carotenoid concentration (058) (P< 001). Fruit and juice consumption showed higher correlations than vegetables with plasma carotenoid concentration (038 and 042 v. 033) (P< 001). A total of 82 % of the participants fell into the same or adjacent quartiles when cross-classified by FJV intake and carotenoids biomarkers. WebDASC attained 82 % reporting matches overall and a higher percentage match for reporting fruits compared with beverages. The present study indicated that WebDASC can be used to rank 8- to 11-year-old Danish children according to their intake of FJV overall and at school meals.
Vitamin D status, as measured by serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D (s-25OHD), is important to human health. Dermal 25OHD production depends on UVB light that is influenced by latitude. We aimed to identify factors important to the production of s-25OHD in Arctic people and investigated subjects living in the town of Ilulissat and the settlement of Saqqaq in North Greenland (70N) during the four seasons. Participants were enrolled with a balanced representation of non-Inuit and Inuit in Ilulissat and Inuit in Saqqaq, men and women, aged 30-39 and 40-49 years. Supplement use, hours spent outdoors and other lifestyle factors were determined by questionnaires. Scores of traditional Inuit food intake were computed from a FFQ at inclusion, and frequencies of intake were recorded at each visit. s-25OHD concentration was measured. There were sixty-four Inuit and thirty-three non-Inuit participants. Inuit food score < 40 % was found in 87, 64 and 48 % of non-Inuit, Inuit in Ilulissat and Inuit in Saqqaq participants, respectively (P= 0009). Inuit diet associated positively with s-25OHD (P< 0001). s-25OHD concentration was lower in non-Inuit than in Inuit participants (spring/summer/autumn/winter/average: 303 v. 368/432 v. 447/436 v. 486/328 v. 435/390 v. 446 nmol/l, P= 0002/062/019/ < 0001/0011, respectively). s-25OHD levels differed with season (Inuit, P< 0001; non-Inuit, P< 0001) as did diet (Inuit, P< 0001; non-Inuit, P< 0001) and hours spent outdoors (Inuit, P< 0001; non-Inuit, P= 0012). s-25OHD level was influenced by diet (P< 0001), season (P< 0001), origin (P= 0001), residence (P= 0013) and sex (P= 0026). We conclude that the season influenced vitamin D status in Arctic populations beyond diet, ethnicity and vitamin intake. This suggests dermal 25OHD production at a high latitude of 70N.
Several studies revealed that low calcium intake is related to high prevalence of cardiovascular diseases such as hypertension. The prevalence of hypertension is high in Koreans along with their low dietary calcium consumption. Thus, the aim of this study was to evaluate the status of calcium intake between the hypertension and normotension groups and to investigate the correlation between dietary calcium intake and blood pressure, blood lipid parameters, and blood/urine oxidative stress indices. A total of 166 adult subjects participated in this study and were assigned to one of two study groups: a hypertension group (n = 83) who had 140 mmHg or higher in systolic blood pressure (SBP) or 90 mmHg or higher in diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and an age- and sex-matched normotension group (n = 83, 120 mmHg or less SBP and 80 mmHg or less DBP). The hypertension group consumed 360.5 mg calcium per day, which was lower than that of the normotension group (429.9 mg) but not showing significant difference. In the hypertension group, DBP had a significant negative correlation with plant calcium (P < 0.01) after adjusting for age, gender, body mass index (BMI), and energy intake. In the normotension group, total calcium and animal calcium intake were significantly and positively correlated with serum triglycerides. No significant relationship was found between calcium intake and blood/urine oxidative stress indices in both groups. Overall, these data suggest reconsideration of food sources for calcium consumption in management of the blood pressure or blood lipid profiles in both hypertensive and normotensive subjects.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the reliability and relative validity of a semi-quantitative FFQ for assessing the habitual intake of multiple nutrients in New Zealand (NZ) adults over the past 12 months. DESIGN: A 154-item FFQ was developed. After initial pre-testing, reliability was assessed using intra-class correlations. Relative validity was assessed by comparing nutrient intakes derived from the FFQ v. those from an 8 d diet record (8dWDR) collected over 12 months and selected blood biomarkers, using Spearman correlations. Supplementary cross-classification and Bland-Altman analyses were performed to assess validity of the FFQ v. the 8dWDR. SETTING: Dunedin, NZ. SUBJECTS: One hundred and thirty-two males and females aged 30-59 years who completed all FFQ and 8dWDR and provided a blood sample. RESULTS: Reliability coefficients ranged from 047 for Ca to 083 for alcohol, with most values falling between 060 and 080. The highest validity coefficients for energy-adjusted data were observed for alcohol (074), cholesterol (065) and -carotene (058), and the lowest for Zn (024) and Ca (028). For all energy-adjusted nutrients mean percentage correct classification was 779% and gross misclassification was 45%. Results of Bland-Altman analyses showed wide limits of agreement for all micronutrients but high agreement was observed for most macronutrients (99% for protein, 103% for total fat). When compared with biomarkers, energy-adjusted coefficients were 034 for -carotene and 033 for vitamin C. CONCLUSIONS: The FFQ provides highly repeatable measurements and good validity in ranking individuals' intake, suggesting that it will be a useful tool to assess nutrient intake of NZ adults in future research. 
OBJECTIVE: The study evaluated the timing and dosage of a parent-based intervention to minimize alcohol consumption for students with varying drinking histories. METHOD: First-year students (N = 1,900) completed Web assessments during the summer before college (baseline) and two follow-ups (fall of first and second years). Students were randomized to one of four conditions (pre-college matriculation [PCM], pre-college matriculation plus boosters [PCM+B], after college matriculation [ACM], and control conditions). Seven indicators of drinking (drink in past month, been drunk in past month, weekday [Sunday to Wednesday] drinking, Thursday drinking, weekend [Friday, Saturday] drinking, heavy episodic drinking in past 2 weeks, and peak blood alcohol concentration <.08) were used in a latent transition analysis (LTA) to examine a stage-sequential model of drinking. LTA models with dummy-coded intervention variables were used to examine the effects of the intervention conditions on changes in drinking patterns. RESULTS: Results indicated that four patterns of drinking were present at all waves: (a) nondrinkers, (b) weekend light drinkers, (c) weekend heavy episodic drinkers, and (d) heavy drinkers. Results indicated that the PCM condition was most effective at influencing baseline heavy drinkers' transition out of this pattern to lower risk patterns at first follow-up, whereas the ACM condition was not effective at preventing drinking escalation for baseline nondrinkers at first follow-up. No decay of effects was observed at long-term follow-up for the PCM condition. Finally, the results also indicated that increased dosage of the parental intervention was not significantly associated with either reduction or escalation of use. CONCLUSIONS: The results underscore the value of pre-college parental interventions and targeted efforts to reduce high-risk drinking among college students. 
Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) exert harmful effects on cognitive, endocrine and immune functions and bioaccumulate in the environment and human tissues. The aim of this study was to investigate the body burden of several POPs in the adult population (n=246) and their association to diet and other lifestyle factors in a Swedish national survey. Serum concentrations of several polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), and the pesticides hexachlorobenzene (HCB), -hexachlorocyclohexane (-HCH), chlordane compounds and dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE) were determined by liquid-liquid extraction, silica column cleanup and gas chromatography high resolution mass spectrometry. Diet was assessed using 4-day food records and complementary dietary and lifestyle factors by questionnaire. Fish intake was additionally assessed by plasma fatty acid composition. Clustering of the compounds revealed that PCBs were separated into two clusters, one including low-chlorinated PCB 28 and 52, and the other high-chlorinated mono- and di-ortho PCBs, suggesting similarities and dissimilarities in exposure sources and possibly also toxicokinetics. Men had 24% and 32% higher levels of PCB 138-180 and chlordane compounds, respectively, compared with women. This may partly be explained by elimination of the POPs among women reporting a history of breastfeeding. The proportion of very long-chain n-3 fatty acids in plasma were positively correlated with the pollutants: r=0.24 (PCB 28), r=0.33 (PCB 118), r=0.35 (PCB 138-180), r=0.29 (HCB), r=0.18 (-HCH), r=0.34 (chlordane compounds), r=0.34 (p,p'-DDE), p0.005. Individuals consuming fatty Baltic fish1 time per months had 45% higher serum levels of PCB 118 compared with non-consumers. Levels of PCB 28 were associated with the age of the residential building. To conclude, the population-distributed approach of surveying dietary habits, lifestyle factors and POP body burdens, made it possible to identify personal characteristics associated with the POP body burdens in Sweden.
BACKGROUND: Nutritional biomarkers have several advantages in acquiring data for epidemiological and clinical studies over traditional dietary assessment tools, such as food frequency questionnaires. While food frequency questionnaires constitute a subjective methodology, biomarkers can provide a less biased and more accurate measure of specific nutritional intake. A precise estimation of polyphenol consumption requires blood or urine sample biomarkers, although their association is usually highly complex. RESULTS: This article reviews recent research on urinary polyphenols as potential biomarkers of polyphenol intake, focusing on clinical and epidemiological studies. We also report a potentially useful methodology to assess total polyphenols in urine samples, which allows a rapid, simultaneous determination of total phenols in a large number of samples. CONCLUSION: This methodology can be applied in studies evaluating the utility of urinary polyphenols as markers of polyphenol intake, bioavailability and accumulation in the body. 
A high-fat diet disturbs the composition and function of the gut microbiota and generates local gut-associated and also systemic responses. Intestinal mast cells, for their part, secrete mediators which play a role in the orchestration of physiological and immunological functions of the intestine. Probiotic bacteria, again, help to maintain the homeostasis of the gut microbiota by protecting the gut epithelium and regulating the local immune system. In the present study, we explored the effects of two probiotic bacteria, Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (GG) and Propionibacterium freudenreichii spp. shermanii JS (PJS), on high fat-fed ApoE*3Leiden mice by estimating the mast cell numbers and the immunoreactivity of TNF- and IL-10 in the intestine, as well as plasma levels of several markers of inflammation and parameters of lipid metabolism. We found that mice that received GG and PJS exhibited significantly lower numbers of intestinal mast cells compared with control mice. PJS lowered intestinal immunoreactivity of TNF-, while GG increased intestinal IL-10. PJS was also observed to lower the plasma levels of markers of inflammation including vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, and also the amount of gonadal adipose tissue. GG lowered alanine aminotransferase, a marker of hepatocellular activation. Collectively, these data demonstrate that probiotic GG and PJS tend to down-regulate both intestinal and systemic pro-inflammatory changes induced by a high-fat diet in this humanised mouse model.
AIMS: We aimed to determine whether there is an association between dietary zinc intake (DZI) and prevalent kidney stone disease defined as self-report of any previous episode of kidney stone. METHODS: We examined The Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III), a large US population-based cross-sectional study, and used logistic regression analyses to determine the independent association between DZI and prevalent kidney stone disease. RESULTS: A total of 15,444 men and women over 18 years of age were eligible for analysis. Among them, 710 participants reported a history of kidney stones. Stone formers tended to have higher DZI than non-stone formers among NHANES III participants, though this difference did not reach statistical significance (p = 0.1). Multivariate adjusted logistic regression analysis revealed that higher DZI (log transformed) was associated with a significantly increased risk of kidney stone disease (odds ratio, OR = 1.41, 95% confidence interval, CI: 1.10-1.81, p = 0.01). After categorizing zinc intake into three groups, those with highest DZI (>15 mg/day) were also associated with a significantly increased risk of kidney stone disease, compared to those with lower DZI (<7 mg/day; OR = 1.70, 95% CI: 1.13-2.57, p = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that higher DZI is associated with increased risk of kidney stone disease. Future prospective studies are needed to clarify the causal relationship between zinc intake and kidney stone formation. 
The SERPINE1 (serpin peptidase inhibitor, clade E, member 1) gene, better known by its previous symbol PAI-1 (plasminogen activator inhibitor 1), has been associated with cardiovascular phenotypes with differing results. Our aim was to examine the association between the rs6950982 (G>A) near the SERPINE1 gene, blood pressure (BP) and plasma lipid concentrations as well as the modulation of the polymorphism effects by adherence to Mediterranean diet (AMD). We studied 945 high-cardiovascular-risk subjects. Biochemical, clinical, dietary and genetic data (rs6950982) were obtained. We also determined the common rs1799768 (4G/5G), for checking independent effects. AMD was measured by a validated questionnaire, and four groups were considered. rs6950982 (A>G) and rs1799768 (4G/5G) were only in moderate-low linkage disequilibrium (D'=0.719; r (2)=0.167). The most significant associations we obtained were with rs6950982 (A>G). In males, the G allele was nominally associated with higher diastolic BP (AA: 81.510.9, AG: 82.111.4, GG: 85.710.5mmHg; P additive=0.030) and systolic BP (AA+AG: 141.46.9mmHg vs. GG: 149.88.0mmHg; P recessive=0.036). In the whole population, the rs6950982 was also associated with plasma lipids. Subject with the G allele presented higher total cholesterol (P additive=0.016, P recessive=0.011), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P additive=0.032, P recessive=0.031) and triglycerides (P additive=0.040, P recessive=0.029). AMD modulated the effect of rs6950982 on triglyceride concentrations (P for interaction=0.036). Greater AMD reduced the higher triglyceride concentrations in GG subjects. No significant interactions were found for the other parameters. The rs6950982 was associated with higher BP in men and higher triglycerides in the whole population, this association being modulated by AMD. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between subjective evaluations of the frequency of salty food intake and both urinary sodium excretion and blood pressure (BP) in a middle-aged population. METHODS: Urinary sodium and creatinine concentrations in a spot sample and brachial BP were measured in 419 subjects (mean age 379 years, 385 men) during a health examination at a company in Kanagawa, Japan, 2011. Twenty-four-hour urinary sodium excretion was estimated from sodium and creatinine concentrations in the spot sample. The subjects were asked about the frequency of salty food intake on a self-reported questionnaire, choosing their answer from 'seldom', 'sometimes', or 'always' based on their own subjective evaluation. The amount of daily salt intake was converted from 24-h urinary sodium excretion. RESULTS: The prevalence of high salt intake, defined as greater than the daily average salt intake of Japanese according to the National Health and Nutrition Survey in 2010, gradually increased from the 'seldom' to the 'sometimes', and then 'always' categories (10.3, 13.4, and 24.0%, respectively; P=0.013 for trend). The 24-h urinary sodium excretion among these groups also tended to be different; however, the differences did not reach a significantly significant level (14541, 15234, and 16040 mEq/day, respectively; P=0.076). Both systolic and diastolic BP were similar among the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Although some of our findings raise the possibility of a relationship between a subjective evaluation of the frequency of salty food intake and urinary sodium excretion, further studies are needed to confirm the relationship. In contrast, no relationship with BP was found. 
The consumption of high-fat/calorie diets in modern societies is likely a major contributor to the obesity epidemic, which can increase the prevalence of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and neurological impairment. Obesity may precipitate decline via inflammatory and oxidative signaling, and one factor linking inflammation to oxidative stress is the proinflammatory, pro-oxidant enzyme NADPH oxidase. To reveal the role of NADPH oxidase in the metabolic and neurological consequences of obesity, the effects of high-fat diet were compared in wild-type C57Bl/6 (WT) mice and in mice deficient in the NAPDH oxidase subunit NOX2 (NOX2KO). While diet-induced weight gains in WT and NOX2KO mice were similar, NOX2KO mice had smaller visceral adipose deposits, attenuated visceral adipocyte hypertrophy, and diminished visceral adipose macrophage infiltration. Moreover, the detrimental effects of HFD on markers of adipocyte function and injury were attenuated in NOX2KO mice; NOX2KO mice had improved glucose regulation, and evaluation of NOX2 expression identified macrophages as the primary population of NOX2-positive cells in visceral adipose. Finally, brain injury was assessed using markers of cerebrovascular integrity, synaptic density, and reactive gliosis, and data show that high-fat diet disrupted marker expression in WT but not NOX2KO mice. Collectively, these data indicate that NOX2 is a significant contributor to the pathogenic effects of high-fat diet and reinforce a key role for visceral adipose inflammation in metabolic and neurological decline. Development of NOX-based therapies could accordingly preserve metabolic and neurological function in the context of metabolic syndrome.
PURPOSE: To validate the Persian version of the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence Short Form (ICIQ-UI SF) as a standard questionnaire for assessment of urinary incontinence (UI). MATERIALS AND METHODS: After translation and back translation of the questionnaire, the harmonized translation was pre-tested in a pilot study on 28 patients. The final Persian version of the ICIQ-UI SF was administered to 123 consecutive patients aged  16 years complaining of UI. The psychometric aspects of the questionnaire, such as reliability and construct validity, were assessed and compared with full urodynamics study's findings as the gold standard diagnostic test. RESULTS: Mean age of the participants was 46.30  13.14 years (range, 16 to 72 years). Based on ICIQ-UI SF, the prevalence of mixed urinary incontinence, stress urinary incontinence and urgency urinary incontinence was 35%, 34.1%, and 30.9%, respectively. Cronbach's alpha coefficient was calculated 0.75, which indicates the high reliability of this questionnaire in determination of UI. The obtained Weighted Kappa Index in determining the value of the test-retest was 0.70, and Pearson Correlation Coefficient was calculated 0.93 and intra-class correlation coefficient was 0.84. CONCLUSION: Persian version of ICIQ-UI SF is a simple, valid, and reliable method for evaluation of patients with UI. Significant correlation exists between ICIQ-UI SF score and urodynamics parameters. 
In farm animals, oxidative stress can be involved in several intestinal pathological disorders, and many antioxidant molecules, especially those of plant origin, can counteract free radicals, thus stabilizing the gut environment and enhancing health. The aim of the study was to investigate whether the use of verbascoside (VB), a polyphenol plant compound, in pig feeding could modulate oxidative and/or nitrosative stress in the gut. Eighteen male piglets (Dalland) were assigned to two groups, which were fed with either a control diet (CON) or a diet supplemented with 5 mg/kg of verbascoside (VB) for 166 days. At slaughter, duodenum and jejunum specimens were collected. Immunohistochemistry and Western blot analyses were performed on the samples to evaluate free radical adducts, including acrolein (ACR), 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (8-OHdg) and nitrotyrosine (NT). A KRL test was also used to assess the total blood antioxidant activity, and no difference was observed. Immunohistochemistry and Western blot showed that dietary treatment decreased the levels of nitrotyrosine in enteroendocrine cell populations(P<0.05). Characterization of the enteroendocrine cell typology was then performed, and serotonin-immunoreactive cells were revealed to be directly involved in decreasing the nitrosative stress status. This preliminary study demonstrates the important role of dietary VB in decreasing stress biomarkers in swine gut, thus highlighting a possible intervention aimed at building a large prospective for antioxidant dietary supplementation in food animal species.
In the present study, total mercury (T-Hg) concentrations were assessed in human hair samples (n = 76) and fish muscle (n = 33) collected at Urr dam, upstream Sin river, northwestern Colombia. Based on interviews with study participants, weekly intakes of total mercury (WIT-Hg) and methylmercury (WIMeHg) by fish consumption were also estimated. T-Hg concentrations in hair samples ranged from 0.40 to 24.56 g/g dw. The highest concentrations were recorded in children (CH) (2-15 years old, n = 24) with significant differences (p < 0.05) with respect to women of childbearing age (WCHA) (16-49 years old, n = 29) and the rest of the population (RP) (n = 23), which were not significantly different. The highest T-Hg concentrations in muscle tissue were recorded in the carnivorous fish (0.65-2.25 g/g wet weight, ww), with significant differences (p < 0.05) compared to non-carnivorous fish (0.16-0.54 g/g ww). WIT-Hg recorded the highest values in CH (2.18-50.41 g/kg/week), with significant differences (p < 0.05) with respect to WCHA (2.02-23.54 g/kg/week) and RP (1.09-24.71 g/kg/week), which were not significantly different. Correlation analysis showed a significant relationship between weekly fish consumption and hair T-Hg in CH (r = 0.37, p < 0.05) and WCHA (r = 0.44, p < 0.05). This association was also observed with the number of days per week with fish consumption in CH (r = 0.37, p < 0.05) and WCHA (r = 0.45, p < 0.05). These results suggest that Hg exposure in people inhabiting the Urr dam should be carefully monitored, particularly in vulnerable groups such as CH and WCHA.
Dietary Zn recommendations vary widely across Europe due to the heterogeneity of approaches used by expert panels. Under the EURopean micronutrient RECommendations Aligned (EURRECA) consortium a protocol was designed to systematically review and undertake meta-analyses of research data to create a database that includes 'best practice' guidelines which can be used as a resource by future panels when setting micronutrient recommendations. As part of this process, the objective of the present study was to undertake a systematic review and meta-analysis of previously published data describing the relationship between Zn intake and status in adults. Searches were performed of literature published up to February 2010 using MEDLINE, Embase and the Cochrane Library. Data extracted included population characteristics, dose of Zn, duration of study, dietary intake of Zn, and mean concentration of Zn in plasma or serum at the end of the intervention period. An intake-status regression coefficient ( ) was estimated for each individual study, and pooled meta-analysis undertaken. The overall pooled  for Zn supplementation on serum/plasma Zn concentrations from randomised controlled trials and observational studies was 008 (95 % CI 005, 011; P < 00001; I 845 %). An overall  of 008 means that for every doubling in Zn intake, the difference in Zn serum or plasma concentration is  (2(008) = 106), which is 6 %. Whether the dose-response relationship, as provided in the present paper, could be used as either qualitative or quantitative evidence to substantiate the daily Zn intake dose necessary to achieve normal or optimal levels of biomarkers for Zn status remains a matter of discussion.
OBJECTIVE: The current study aimed to evaluate the effect of fortified milk combined with a lifestyle and counselling programme on several CVD risk factors after a 3-month dietary intervention. DESIGN: Hypercholesterolaemic adults were randomized to a group supplemented with low-fat milk that was enriched with phytosterols, -linolenic and linoleic fatty acids, vitamins and antioxidants (enriched milk group, EMG: n 40), a placebo milk group (PMG: n 36) or a control group (CG: n 25). The EMG and PMG consumed respectively 500 ml of enriched milk or placebo milk daily and attended biweekly counselling sessions over a 3-month period. SETTING: Harokopio University, Athens, Greece. SUBJECTS: A sample of 101 hypercholesterolemic adults aged 40-60 years. RESULTS: Regarding lifestyle changes, total and saturated fat intakes decreased significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG (P < 0005). Furthermore, total steps were increased (P = 0029) and BMI was decreased (P = 0017) significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG. Regarding biochemical indices, EPA content in erythrocyte membranes increased (P < 0001) while serum C-reactive protein decreased (P = 0003) significantly in both intervention groups compared with the CG. Finally, significant increases in plasma folic acid and vitamin B12 levels and a significant decrease in homocysteine levels were observed in the EMG compared with the PMG and CG (all P < 0001). A favourable change in LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol was also observed in the EMG and tended to be significant compared with the PMG and CG (P = 0066). CONCLUSIONS: The present study showed that consumption of fortified milk accompanied with lifestyle counselling induces extra benefits in terms of LDL cholesterol:HDL cholesterol and serum homocysteine levels. 
A novel metabolomic method based on gas chromatography-mass spectrometry was applied to investigate serum metabolites in response to dietary Gln supplementation in piglets. Sixteen, 21-d-old pigs were weaned and assigned randomly to 2 isonitrogenous diets: 1) Gln diet, which contained 1% L-Gln (as-fed basis), and 2) control diet, which contained L-Ala to make this diet isonitrogenous with the Gln diet. Serum samples were collected to characterize metabolites after a 30-d treatment. in addition, 4 liver samples per treatment were collected to examine enzyme activity and gene expression involved in metabolic regulation. Results indicated that 12 metabolites were altered (P < 0.05) by Gln treatment, including carbohydrates, AA, and fatty acids. A leave-one-out cross validation of random forest analysis indicated that Pro was most important among the 12 metabolites. Thus, these data demonstrate that the control and Gln-supplemented pigs differed (P < 0.05) in terms of metabolism of carbohydrates, Pro, Tyr, and glycerophospholipids. Principal component analysis yielded separate clusters of profiles between the Gln and control groups. Metabolic enzyme activities of Ala aminotransferase and hexokinase increased by 26.8% (P = 0.026) and 26.2% (P = 0.004) in the liver of Gln-supplemented pigs vs. control, respectively, whereas pyruvate kinase (PK) activity decreased by 29.1% (P = 0.001). The gene expression of PK in the liver decreased by 66.1% (P = 0.034) by Gln treatment for 30 d. No differences were observed for the mRNA abundance of mammalian target of rapamycin and PPAR. On the basis of these data, Gln treatment affected carbohydrate, lipid, and AA metabolism in the whole body of the early weaned piglets. These findings provide insight into specific metabolic pathways and lay the groundwork for the complex metabolic alteration in response to dietary Gln supplementation of pigs.
OBJECTIVE: The Southern European Atlantic Diet (SEAD) is the traditional diet of Northern Portugal and Galicia, a region in northwest Spain. The SEAD has been associated with a lower risk of non-fatal acute myocardial infarction, but the mechanisms of this association have not yet been investigated. Thus, we examined the association between the SEAD and numerous biomarkers of coronary risk, blood pressure and anthropometrics. METHODS: Cross-sectional study conducted in 2008-2010 among 10,231 individuals representative of the population aged 18 years and older in Spain. Diet was assessed with a validated computerized diet history. SEAD adherence was measured with an index including 9 food components (fresh fish, cod, red meat and pork products, dairy products, legumes and vegetables, vegetable soup, potatoes, whole-grain bread, and wine), which ranges from 0 (lowest adherence) to 9 (highest adherence). C-reactive protein, uric acid, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, glycated hemoglobin, insulin, leptin, fibrinogen, were determined in 12-h fasting blood samples, while creatinine and urine albumin were determined in urine. RESULTS: Mean SEAD score was 2.9 points (inter-quartile range 2-4 points). Higher SEAD adherence was associated with a lower level of plasma C-reactive protein (adjusted difference in geometric means between the highest and lowest SEAD quartiles -0.2mg/l; p for trend <0.001), plasma triglycerides (-3.4mg/dl; p for trend 0.012), insulin (-0.5mU/l; p for trend <0.001), HOMA-IR (-0.12; p for trend <0.001), urine albumin (-0.8mg/l; p for trend <0.001), urine albumin-creatinine ratio (-0.3mg/g creatinine; p for trend <0.034), and systolic blood pressure (-1.6mm Hg; p for trend <0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This study identifies possible mediators of the effect of SEAD on myocardial infarction, because SEAD is associated with a lower concentration of markers of inflammation and with reduced triglycerides, insulin, insulin resistance, and systolic blood pressure. 
This study evaluated the effect of feeding a control diet (CON) or a moderate energy diet (overfed, OVE) during the dry period (45d) and a postpartum intramammary lipopolysaccharide (LPS) challenge on blood metabolic and inflammatory indices, milk production, and hepatic gene expression. A subset of cows (n=9/diet) in CON (1.34 Mcal/kg of dry matter) and OVE (1.62 Mcal/kg of dry matter) received an intramammary LPS challenge (200 g; CON-LPS, OVE-LPS, respectively). Liver biopsies were harvested at -14 d from calving, and postpartum at 2.5h post-LPS on d 7, 14, and 30. Prepartum, the OVE group was in more positive energy balance (EB) and had greater body condition score compared with CON. In contrast, during wk 1 postpartum and before the LPS challenge, the OVE group was in greater negative EB than CON. Prepartal diet did not affect postpartal milk production or dry matter intake. At 2h postchallenge on d 7, we observed an increase in serum nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA) and bilirubin and a decrease in hydroxybutyrate, regardless of diet. That was coupled with greater haptoglobin in OVE-LPS compared with CON-LPS. In addition, OVE-LPS cows versus CON nonchallenged, OVE nonchallenged, and CON-LPS had greater liver triacylglycerol (TAG) concentration 2.5h postchallenge on d 7. The concentration of TAG in liver of OVE-LPS remained elevated by 30d postpartum. The liver TAG concentration in OVE-LPS compared with CON-LPS cows was associated with greater serum concentration of NEFA and reactive oxygen metabolites on d 10 and 14 postpartum. Cows in OVE-LPS also had greater concentrations of ceruloplasmin, cholesterol, and vitamin E from d 10 through 21. Among 28 genes associated with fatty acid oxidation, inflammation, oxidative stress, and gluconeogenesis, only SAA3 (which encodes an acute phase protein) was greater in CON-LPS compared with OVE-LPS at 2.5h postchallenge. Expression of HP, which encodes another acute phase protein, was greater in OVE-LPS than in CON-LPS at 14 and 30 d postpartum. Several inflammation-related genes (TNF, IRAK1, NFKB1, ANGPTL4) showed markedly decreased expression between 7 and 14 d, after which expression remained unchanged. No differences were observed in several genes of the growth-hormone/insulin-like growth factor-1 axis, except for SOCS2, expression of which decreased markedly between 7 and 14 d in OVE-LPS but not in CON-LPS. These data suggest that overfeeding a moderate-energy diet prepartum alters the response of the cow to an intramammary challenge after calving and may predispose it to sustained liver lipidosis.
BACKGROUND: Many randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and observational studies have provided information on the association between vitamin B-12 intake and biomarkers. The use of these data to estimate dose-response relations provides a useful means to summarize the body of evidence. OBJECTIVE: We systematically reviewed studies that investigated vitamin B-12 intake and biomarkers of vitamin B-12 status and estimated dose-response relations with the use of a meta-analysis. DESIGN: This systematic review included all RCTs, prospective cohort studies, nested case-control studies, and cross-sectional studies in healthy adult populations published through January 2010 that supplied or measured dietary vitamin B-12 intake and measured vitamin B-12 status as serum or plasma vitamin B-12, methylmalonic acid (MMA), or holotranscobalamin. We calculated an intake-status regression coefficient ( ) for each individual study and calculated the overall pooled   and SE ( ) by using random-effects meta-analysis on a double-log scale. RESULTS: The meta-analysis of observational studies showed a weaker slope of dose-response relations than the meta-analysis of RCTs. The pooled dose-response relation of all studies between vitamin B-12 intake and status indicated that a doubling of the vitamin B-12 intake increased vitamin B-12 concentrations by 11% (95% CI: 9.4%, 12.5%). This increase was larger for studies in elderly persons (13%) than in studies in adults (8%). The dose-response relation between vitamin B-12 intake and MMA concentrations indicated a decrease in MMA of 7% (95% CI: -10%, -4%) for every doubling of the vitamin B-12 intake. The assessment of risk of bias within individual studies and across studies indicated risk that was unlikely to seriously alter these results. CONCLUSION: The obtained dose-response estimate between vitamin B-12 intake and status provides complementary evidence to underpin recommendations for a vitamin B-12 intake of populations. 
BACKGROUND: An understanding of causal relations between diet and health is hindered by the lack of robust biological markers of food exposure. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to develop a data-driven procedure to discover urine biomarkers indicative of habitual exposure to different foods. DESIGN: The habitual diet of 68 participants was assessed by using 4 food-frequency questionnaires over 3 mo, and participants were assigned to different consumption-frequency classes for 58 dietary components. Flow infusion electrospray-ionization mass spectrometry followed by supervised multivariate data analysis was used to determine whether the chemical composition of urine was related to specific differences in the consumption levels of each food. RESULTS: Foods were eaten habitually in 1 of 5 basic patterns differing in range and distribution of consumption frequency. Overnight, 24-h, and fasting urine samples proved useful for biomarker lead discovery with habitual citrus exposure used as a paradigm. Exposure level discrimination robustness improved linearly as urine samples from low-frequency citrus consumers were compared with urine samples from participants reporting increasingly higher intakes. For all foods, distinctiveness and consumption-frequency range influenced the likelihood that differential dietary exposure could be detected. Model output statistics indicated foods for which biomarker lead discovery was feasible. Metabolites proposed previously as acute intake biomarkers of citrus (proline betaine), oily fish (methylhistidine), coffee (dihydrocaffeic acid derivatives), and tomato (phenolic metabolites) were also biomarkers of habitual exposure. A significance threshold in modeling output statistics was determined to guide the discovery of potential biomarkers for other foods. CONCLUSION: This data-driven strategy can identify urinary metabolites associated with habitual exposure to specific foods. This trial has the UK registration number 4349 and was registered at isrtcn.org as CCT-NAPN-A13175. 
This randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, 8 week trial assessed the efficacy on metabolic changes produced by a consumption of a combination of bioactive food ingredients (epigallocatechin gallate, capsaicins, piperine and L-carnitine) versus a placebo, as part of a therapeutic 'lifestyle change' diet, in 86 overweight subjects. Forty-one patients (2/14 F/M; age 43.7  8.5; BMI 30.3  3.5 kg/m(2)) were randomized to the supplemented group and 45 (29/16; age 40.7  10.2; BMI 30.0  2.7) to the control group. We observed that consumption of the dietary supplement was associated with a significantly greater decrease in insulin resistance, assessed by homostasis model assessment (p < 0.001), leptin/adiponectin ratio (p < 0.04), respiratory quotient (p < 0.008). LDL-cholesterol levels (p < 0.01). Moreover, statistically significant differences were recorded between the two groups in relation to urinary norepinephrine levels (p < 0.001). Leptin, ghrelin, C-reactive protein decreased and resting energy expenditure increased significantly in the supplemented group (p < 0.05, 0.03, 0.02 and 0,02 respectively), but not in the placebo group; adiponectin decreased significantly in the placebo group (0.001) but not in the supplemented group, although no statistical significance between the groups was elicited. BMI, fat mass (assessed by DXA) and vascular endothelial growth factor significantly decreased, whilst the resting energy expenditure/free fat mass significantly increased in both groups. In general, a greater change was recorded in the supplemented group compared to the placebo, although no statistically significant difference between the two groups was recorded. These results suggest that the combination of bioactive food ingredients studied might be useful for the treatment of obesity-related inflammatory metabolic dysfunctions.
PURPOSE: Epidemiological studies in women have revealed an association between caffeine intake and urinary incontinence, although evidence among men is limited. Therefore, we evaluated the association between caffeine intake and urinary incontinence in United States men. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were used from male NHANES (National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys) 2005-2006 and 2007-2008 participants. Urinary incontinence was defined using a standard questionnaire with Incontinence Severity Index scores 3 or greater categorized as moderate to severe. Structured dietary recall was used to determine caffeine consumption (mg per day), water intake (gm per day) and total dietary moisture (gm per day). Stepwise multivariable logistic regression models were used to assess the association between caffeine intake at or above the 75th and 90th percentiles and moderate to severe urinary incontinence, controlling for potential confounders, urinary incontinence risk factors and prostate conditions in men age 40 years or older. RESULTS: Of the 5,297 men 3,960 (75%) were 20 years old or older with complete data. Among these men the prevalence of any urinary incontinence was 12.9% and moderate to severe urinary incontinence was 4.4%. Mean caffeine intake was 169 mg per day. Caffeine intake at the upper 75th percentile (234 mg or more daily) and 90th percentile (392 mg or more per day) was significantly associated with having moderate to severe urinary incontinence (1.72, 95% 1.18-2.49 and 2.08, 95% 1.15-3.77, respectively). In addition, after adjusting for prostate conditions, the effect size for the association between caffeine intake and moderate to severe urinary incontinence remained. CONCLUSIONS: Caffeine consumption equivalent to approximately 2 cups of coffee daily (250 mg) is significantly associated with moderate to severe urinary incontinence in United States men. Our findings support the further study of caffeine modification in men with urinary incontinence. 
AIM: The aim of the present study was to investigate the efficacy of Metformin compared with a hypocaloric diet on C-reactive protein (CRP) level and markers of insulin resistance in obese and overweight women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). MATERIAL AND METHODS: Forty women with body mass index  27 and PCOS were randomly allocated to receive either Metformin or hypocaloric diet and were assessed before and after a treatment period of 12 weeks. High-sensitivity CRP (hs-CRP) and markers of insulin resistance (IR), homeostasis model assessment-IR, quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index and fasting glucose to insulin ratio were evaluated in each patient. RESULTS: A total of 10 subjects did not complete the trial (three patients in the Metformin group and seven patients in the diet group) and a total of 30 subjects completed the trial (17 subjects in the Metformin group and 13 subjects in the diet group). Serum concentration of hs-CRP significantly decreased in both the Metformin (5.29  2.50 vs 3.81  1.99, P = 0.008) and diet groups (6.08  2.14 vs 4.27  1.60, P = 0.004). There were no significant differences in mean hs-CRP decrement between the two groups. Decrease in hs-CRP levels was significantly correlated with waist circumference in the diet group (r = 0.8, P < 0.001). The effect of a hypocaloric diet with 5-10% weight reduction on markers of insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment-IR, fasting glucose to insulin ratio, quantitative insulin-sensitivity check index) was better than Metformin therapy (P = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Although weight reduction has equal efficacy with Metformin in decreasing serum hs-CRP levels, it was significantly more effective in improving insulin resistance in obese and overweight PCOS women. 
AIMS: A urinary incontinence impairment rating must be a highly accurate, non-invasive exploration of the condition using International Classification of Functioning (ICF)-based assessment tools. The objective of this study was to identify the best evaluation test and to determine an impairment rating model of urinary incontinence. METHODS: In performing a cross-sectional study comparing successive urodynamic tests using both the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Urinary Incontinence-Short Form (ICIQ-UI-SF) and the 1-hr pad-weighing test in 120 patients, we performed statistical likelihood ratio analysis and used logistic regression to calculate the probability of urodynamic incontinence using the most significant independent predictors. Subsequently, we created a template that was based on the significant predictors and the probability of urodynamic incontinence. RESULTS: The mean ICIQ-UI-SF score was 13.54.6, and the median pad test value was 8g. The discrimination statistic (receiver operating characteristic) described how well the urodynamic observations matched the ICIQ-UI-SF scores (under curve area (UDA):0.689) and the pad test data (UDA: 0.693). Using logistic regression analysis, we demonstrated that the best independent predictors of urodynamic incontinence were the patient's age and the ICIQ-UI-SF score. The logistic regression model permitted us to construct an equation to determine the probability of urodynamic incontinence. Using these tools, we created a template to generate a probability index of urodynamic urinary incontinence. CONCLUSIONS: Using this probability index, relative to the patient and to the maximum impairment of the whole person (MIWP) relative to urinary incontinence, we were able to calculate a patient's permanent impairment. 
Animal and human studies have indicated that fatty acids such as the conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) found in milk could potentially alter the risk of developing metabolic disorders including diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Using susceptible rodent models (apoE(-/-) and LDLr(-/-) mice) we investigated the interrelationship between mouse strain, dietary conjugated linoleic acids and metabolic markers of CVD. Despite an adverse metabolic risk profile, atherosclerosis (measured directly by lesion area), was significantly reduced with t-10, c-12 CLA and mixed isomer CLA (Mix) supplementation in both apoE(-/-) (p<0.05, n=11) and LDLr(-/-) mice (p<0.01, n=10). Principal component analysis was utilized to delineate the influence of multiple plasma and tissue metabolites on the development of atherosclerosis. Group clustering by dietary supplementation was evident, with the t-10, c-12 CLA supplemented animals having distinct patterns, suggestive of hepatic insulin resistance, regardless of mouse strain. The effect of CLA supplementation on hepatic lipid and fatty acid composition was explored in the LDLr(-/-) strain. Dietary supplementation with t-10, c-12 CLA significantly increased liver weight (p<0.05, n=10), triglyceride (p<0.01, n=10) and cholesterol ester content (p<0.01, n=10). Furthermore, t-10, c-12 CLA also increased the ratio of 181 to 180 fatty acid in the liver suggesting an increase in the activity of stearoyl-CoA desaturase. Changes in plasma adiponectin and liver weight with t-10, c-12 CLA supplementation were evident within 3 weeks of initiation of the diet. These observations provide evidence that the individual CLA isomers have divergent mechanisms of action and that t-10, c-12 CLA rapidly changes plasma and liver markers of metabolic syndrome, despite evidence of reduction in atherosclerosis.
Addiction to opium continues to be a major worldwide medical and social problem. The study addressing the association between opium consumption and serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) level is lacking. We determined the effects of opium consumption on serum PSA levels in opium-addict men. Our study subjects comprised 438 opium-addict men with a mean age of 52.2  6.4 years (group 1). We compared these men with 446 men who did not indicate current or past opium use (group 2). Serum total PSA (tPSA), free PSA (fPSA), % fPSA, and sex hormones were compared between the 2 groups. The mean serum tPSA level was significantly lower in group 1 (1.05 ng/mL) than in controls (1.45 ng/mL) (P = 0.001). Opium consumption was also associated with lower fPSA (P = 0.001) and % fPSA (P = 0.001). Serum free testosterone level in opium-addict patients (132.5  42 pg/mL) was significantly lower than that in controls (156.2  43 pg/mL) (P = 0.03). However, no significant correlation existed between tPSA and free testosterone levels (r = 0.28, 95% CI, -0.036 to 0.51, P = 0.34). Among the patients with cancer in group 1, 35% were found to have high-grade tumor (Gleason score  7) compared with 26.7% in group 2 (P = 0.02). Total PSA and fPSA were strongly correlated with duration of opium use (r = -0.06, 95% CI, -0.04 to -0.08, P = 0.0001; and r = -0.05, 95% CI, -0.03 to -0.07, P = 0.0001, respectively). Opium consumption is independently and negatively associated with serum tPSA, fPSA, and % fPSA levels.
BACKGROUND: Vitamin K has been related to glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and diabetes. Because inflammation underlies all these metabolic conditions, it is plausible that the potential role of vitamin K in glucose metabolism occurs through the modulation of cytokines and related molecules. The purpose of the study was to assess the associations between dietary intake of vitamin K and peripheral adipokines and other metabolic risk markers related to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Cross-sectional and longitudinal assessments of these associations in 510 elderly participants recruited in the PREDIMED centers of Reus and Barcelona (Spain). We determined 1-year changes in dietary phylloquinone intake estimated by food frequency questionnaires, serum inflammatory cytokines and other metabolic risk markers. RESULTS: In the cross-sectional analysis at baseline no significant associations were found between dietary phylloquinone intake and the rest of metabolic risk markers evaluated, with exception of a negative association with plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. After 1-year of follow-up, subjects in the upper tertile of changes in dietary phylloquinone intake showed a greater reduction in ghrelin (-15.0%), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (-12.9%), glucagon-like peptide-1 (-17.6%), IL-6 (-27.9%), leptin (-10.3%), TNF (-26.9%) and visfatin (-24.9%) plasma concentrations than those in the lowest tertile (all p<0.05). CONCLUSION: These results show that dietary phylloquinone intake is associated with an improvement of cytokines and other markers related to insulin resistance and diabetes, thus extending the potential protection by dietary phylloquinone on chronic inflammatory diseases. TRIAL REGISTRATION: http://www.controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639. 
OBJECTIVE: Serum prealbumin has a prognostic value in several diseases, but its serum levels can be influenced by different factors. However, a multivariable analysis to test the independent effect of each has not yet, to our knowledge, been performed. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to investigate the association between prealbumin and several factors possibly affecting its serum levels to test the potential of using prealbumin as an indicator of nutritional status and short-term energy intake in patients newly diagnosed with immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis. METHODS: Multivariable general linear regression models of non-collinear variables were fitted to assess the association of demographic (sex, age), nutritional (short-term energy intake, unintentional weight loss, body mass index), and clinical (cardiac and liver involvement, kidney function, C-reactive protein) parameters with serum prealbumin levels in 187 patients newly diagnosed with immunoglobulin light-chain amyloidosis. RESULTS: Serum prealbumin levels were associated with C-reactive protein and short-term energy intake (P<0.001 for both). A significant association was also detected with age (P=0.023), serum creatinine (P=0.017), liver involvement (P=0.002), and peripheral edema (P=0.032). In a prespecified subgroup analysis (n=140) in patients with normal C-reactive protein level (<0.5mg/dL), all other associations were confirmed. A significant relation was also observed with sex (P=0.022) and body mass index (P=0.041). CONCLUSIONS: Serum prealbumin is associated with short-term energy intake independently of the presence of multiple-organ involvement and inflammation. Its serum levels should be always interpreted in light of its influencing factors, among which inflammation and liver and kidney functions appear predominant. 
Some felid diets contain isoflavones but the metabolic capacity of cats toward isoflavones is relatively unknown, despite the understanding that isoflavones have divergent biological potential according to their metabolite end products. The objective of this study was to determine the plasma metabolites detectable in domestic cats after exposure to 2 different dietary forms of isoflavones, either as a soy extract tablet (n = 6) or as part of a dietary matrix (n = 4). Serial blood samples were collected after isoflavone exposure to identify the plasma metabolites of each cat. Genistein was detected in its unconjugated form or as a monosulfate. Daidzein was detected as both a mono- and disulfate as well as in its unconjugated form. Other daidzein metabolites detected included equol mono- and disulfate, dihydrodaidzein, and O-desmethylangolensin. No -glucuronide metabolites of either isoflavone were detected. Equol was produced in markedly fewer cats after ingestion of a soy extract tablet as a single oral bolus compared with cats consuming an isoflavone-containing diet. The detectable metabolites of the isoflavones, genistein and daidzein, in domestic cat plasma after dietary ingestion has been described in the present study for the first time. The metabolic capacity for isoflavones by domestic cats appears to be efficient, with only minimal proportions of the ingested amount detected in their unconjugated forms. This has implications for the potential of isoflavones to exert physiological activity in the domestic cat when consumed at concentrations representative of typical dietary intake.
Circulating trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) levels are strongly associated with atherosclerosis. We now examine genetic, dietary, and hormonal factors regulating TMAO levels. We demonstrate that two flavin mono-oxygenase family members, FMO1 and FMO3, oxidize trimethylamine (TMA), derived from gut flora metabolism of choline, to TMAO. Further, we show that FMO3 exhibits 10-fold higher specific activity than FMO1. FMO3 overexpression in mice significantly increases plasma TMAO levels while silencing FMO3 decreases TMAO levels. In both humans and mice, hepatic FMO3 expression is reduced in males compared to females. In mice, this reduction in FMO3 expression is due primarily to downregulation by androgens. FMO3 expression is induced by dietary bile acids by a mechanism that involves the farnesoid X receptor (FXR), a bile acid-activated nuclear receptor. Analysis of natural genetic variation among inbred strains of mice indicates that FMO3 and TMAO are significantly correlated, and TMAO levels explain 11% of the variation in atherosclerosis.
BACKGROUND: Stroke mortality rate is higher in South Asians than in Europeans, despite equivalent or lower resting blood pressure (BP). Elevated recovery BP after exercise predicts stroke, independently of resting values. We hypothesized that South Asians would have adverse postexercise hemodynamics and sought explanations for this. METHODS AND RESULTS: A population-based sample of 147 European and 145 South Asian middle-aged men and women performed the Dundee 3-minute step test. Cardiovascular risk factors were measured. BP, heart rate, and rate-pressure product, a measure of myocardial oxygen consumption, were compared. With 90% power and 5% significance, we could detect a difference of 0.38 of a standard deviation in any outcome measure. Resting systolic BP was similar in South Asians (144 mm Hg) and Europeans (142 mm Hg) (P=0.2), as was exercise BP (P=0.4). However, recovery systolic BP at 3 minutes after exercise was higher in South Asians by 4.3 mm Hg (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.2 to 8.3 mm Hg; P=0.04). This effect persisted when adjusted for exercise BP and work effort (5.4 mm Hg [95% CI, 2.2 to 8.7 mm Hg; P=0.001]). Adjustment for baroreflex insensitivity and greater aortic stiffness in South Asians contributes greatly to attenuating this ethnic difference (1.9 mm Hg [95% CI, -0.9 to 4.6 mm Hg; P=0.4]). Similarly, rate-pressure product recovery after exercise was impaired in South Asians by 735 mm Hg/min (95% CI, 137 to 1334 mm Hg/min; P=0.02); again, adjustment for baroreflex insensitivity and aortic stiffness attenuated this difference (261 mm Hg/min [95% CI, -39 to 561 mm Hg/min; P=0.3]). CONCLUSION: Postexercise recovery of BP and rate-pressure product is impaired in South Asians compared to Europeans even though resting and exercise BP are similar. This is associated with the autonomic dysfunction and aortic stiffness in South Asians. 
The augmented consumption of dietary advanced glycation end products (dAGEs) has been associated with increased oxidative stress and inflammation, however, there is insufficient information over the effect on insulin resistance. The objective of the present study is to investigate the effect of dAGEs restriction on tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), malondialdehyde, C-reactive protein (CRP), and insulin resistance in DM2 patients. We carried out a randomized 6 weeks prospective study in two groups of patients: subjects with a standard diet (n=13), vs low dAGEs (n=13). At the beginning and the end of study, we collected anthropometric measurements, and values of circulating glucose, HbA1c, lipids, insulin, serum AGEs, CRP, TNF- and malondialdehyde. Anthropometric measurements, glucose, and lipids were similar in both groups at base line and at the end of the study. Estimation of basal dAGEs was similar in both groups; after 6 weeks it was unchanged in the standard group but in the low dAGEs group decreased by 44% (p<0.0002). Changes in TNF- levels were different under standard diet (12.514.7) as compared with low dAGEs (-18.3617.1, p<0.00001); changes in malondialdehyde were different in the respective groups (2.02.61 and -0.832.0, p<0.005) no changes were found for insulin levels or HOMA-IR. In conclusion, The dAGEs restriction decreased significantly TNF- and malondialdehyde levels.
OBJECTIVE: Carbohydrate nutrition during periods of physiological insulin resistance such as puberty may affect future risk of type 2 diabetes. This study examined whether the amount or the quality (dietary glycemic index [GI], glycemic load [GL], and added sugar, fiber, and whole-grain intake) of carbohydrates during puberty is associated with risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The analysis was based on 226 participants (121 girls and 105 boys) from the Dortmund Nutritional and Anthropometric Longitudinally Designed Study (DONALD) with an average of five 3-day weighed dietary records (range 2-6) during puberty (girls, age 9-14 years; boys, age 10-15 years) and fasting blood samples in younger adulthood (age 18-36 years) (average duration of follow-up 12.6 years). Multivariable linear regression was used to analyze the associations between carbohydrate nutrition and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) as well as the liver enzymes alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and -glutamyltransferase (GGT) (n = 214). RESULTS: A higher dietary GI was prospectively related to greater values of HOMA-IR (P(trend) = 0.03), ALT (P(trend) = 0.02), and GGT (P(trend) = 0.04). After adjustment for sex, adult age, baseline BMI, and early life and socioeconomic factors as well as protein and fiber intake, predicted mean HOMA-IR values in energy-adjusted tertiles of GI were 2.37 (95% CI 2.16-2.60), 2.47 (2.26-2.71), and 2.59 (2.35-2.85). The amount of carbohydrates, GL, and added sugar, fiber, and whole-grain intake were not related to the analyzed markers. CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate that a habitually higher dietary GI during puberty may adversely affect risk markers of type 2 diabetes in younger adulthood. 
UNLABELLED: Treatment with long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) can improve clinical outcomes in patients with heart failure (HF). Circulating levels of n-3 PUFA, an objective estimation of exposure, have never been measured in a large cohort of patients with HF. METHODS: We measured n-3 PUFA in plasma phospholipids at baseline and after 3 months in 1,203 patients with chronic HF enrolled in the GISSI-Heart Failure trial and randomized to n-3 PUFA 1 g/daily or placebo. N-3 PUFA levels were related to clinical characteristics, pharmacologic treatments, dietary habits, circulating biomarkers, and mortality. RESULTS: Baseline n-3 PUFA (5.1  1.8 mol%) was associated with dietary fish intake, with an average difference of 43% between patients with the lowest and highest consumptions (P < .0001). Baseline eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) but not docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) was inversely related to C-reactive protein, pentraxin-3, adiponectin, natriuretic peptide, and troponin levels. Three-month treatment with n-3 PUFA raised their levels by 43%, independently of dietary fish consumption; increases in EPA levels were associated with decreased pentraxin-3. Low baseline levels of EPA but not DHA were no longer related to higher mortality after the addition of circulating biomarkers to multivariable models. CONCLUSION: Before supplementation, circulating n-3 PUFA levels in patients with chronic HF mainly depend on dietary fish consumption and are inversely related to inflammatory markers and disease severity. Three-month treatment with n-3 PUFA markedly enriched circulating EPA and DHA, independently of fish intake, and lowered pentraxin-3. Low EPA levels are inversely related to total mortality in patients with chronic HF. 
OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study was to examine the association between the metabolic syndrome (MS) and serum antioxidant status. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted with 221 cases and 329 controls aged 18 to 65 years. Weight, height, body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose and lipids, as well as serum superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, malondialdehide, vitamins A, E, -carotene and lycopene were examined. Intakes of antioxidants were also estimated. RESULTS: Mean serum superoxide dismutase activity, -carotene concentrations were significantly lower, malondialdehide was higher (p<0.05) in persons with the MS (after adjusting for age, sex) than those without. Superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, and - carotene also decreased significantly (p<0.05) with increased number of components of the MS. Low levels of serum superoxide dismutase activity and -carotene concentration appeared to be associated with the MS status. Moreover, dietary energy, carbohydrate, vitamin C, zinc and copper intake in the MS patients were lower, but fat intake were higher. Vitamins E, C and manganese intake decreased with the elevated number of the MS components. For zinc and manganese, a lower risk was observed for other quartile of intake compared with the first one. Inverse links between dietary fat, energy intake and serum antioxidant status were found in MS patients, meanwhile dietary vitamin C was positively related with serum antioxidant level. CONCLUSIONS: Serum antioxidant status was associated with a lower prevalence of the MS, and with lower dietary fat, energy intake and higher vitamin C intake. 
Saturated and trans fatty acids have been associated with the risk to develop cardiovascular diseases. However, health-promoting effects are associated with consumption of anhydrous milk fat (AMF) and ruminant trans fatty acids, such as conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and vaccenic acid (VA) contained in the lipid fraction of milk and dairy products. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of AMF naturally enriched with CLA and VA in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR), using sterculic oil to inhibit the conversion of VA into CLA. The administration of AMF to SHR during 7 weeks exerted beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk biomarkers (reduction of insulin, blood lipids, increase of adiponectin). When sterculic oil was included, some parameters were further ameliorated (reduction of insulin, increase of adiponectin). Sterculic oil alone reduced body weight and adiposity, and improved blood pressure, adiponectin and triglyceride levels. 
PURPOSE: Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with a reduced type 2 diabetes risk, but the biomarkers that explain this relation are unknown. The most commonly used method to estimate the proportion explained by a biomarker is the difference method. However, influence of alcohol-biomarker interaction on its results is unclear. G-estimation method is proposed to accurately assess proportion explained, but how this method compares with the difference method is unknown. METHODS: In a case-cohort study of 2498 controls and 919 incident diabetes cases, we estimated the proportion explained by different biomarkers on the relation between alcohol consumption and diabetes using the difference method and sequential G-estimation method. RESULTS: Using the difference method, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol explained the relation between alcohol and diabetes by 78% (95% confidence interval [CI], 41-243), whereas high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (-7.5%; -36.4 to 1.8) or blood pressure (-6.9; -26.3 to -0.6) did not explain the relation. Interaction between alcohol and liver enzymes led to bias in proportion explained with different outcomes for different levels of liver enzymes. G-estimation method showed comparable results, but proportions explained were lower. CONCLUSIONS: The relation between alcohol consumption and diabetes may be largely explained by increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol but not by other biomarkers. Ignoring exposure-mediator interactions may result in bias. The difference and G-estimation methods provide similar results. 
Exposure of the general population to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAH) is ubiquitous. The aim of this study was to analyze biomarkers associated with the uptake of PAH in 428 non-smoking women from odz (Poland), Viterbo (Italy), Belgrade (Serbia) and from the Panevo area, where the petrochemical complex was destroyed by the air raids in 1999. Urinary excretion of PAH metabolites was lowest in Italian women, intermediary for Serbian and highest in Polish women, who predominantly excreted hydroxy phenanthrenes as metabolites of phenanthrene. Bulky DNA adduct levels were highest in Italian and Polish women. Genotype or PAH ambient air levels could not explain the dissimilarities between the study groups with respect to biomarker patterns, which probably reflected differences in life style-associated factors.
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk factors are well established for Caucasians, but not for Asians. We hypothesized that nutrient intakes, plasma adipokines and/or gestational hormones might be linked to GDM development among pregnant Korean women. This study sought to identify new risk factors for GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes according to body weight at prepregnancy. SUBJECTS/METHODS: All subjects were pregnant women visiting the Cheil General Hospital and Women's Healthcare Center between June 2006 and March 2009. Non-GDM (n=531) and GDM (n=215) participants were divided into normal-weight and overweight groups according to prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) above or below 23 kg/m(2) at 24-28th week of gestation. At that time, glucose tolerance, insulin resistance as homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance, insulin secretory capacity as homeostatic model assessment for -cell function, anthropometric measurement, nutrient intakes, and plasma levels of adipokines and gestational hormones were determined. RESULTS: GDM women gained more weight in early pregnancy than non-GDM among normal-weight women. GDM was mainly associated with increased insulin resistance in overweight women and decreased insulin secretory capacity in normal-weight women. Plasma visfatin and adiponectin were lower and progesterone levels higher in GDM than non-GDM independent of BMI while plasma resistin levels were higher in non-GDM, but not GDM, overweight women. Energy and saturated fat intakes were higher in GDM independent of body weight, whereas taurine intakes were lower in GDM than non-GDM only in normal-weight women. CONCLUSIONS: Low visfatin and adiponectin and high progesterone levels in the circulation and high energy and saturated fat intakes were common risk factors for GDM and pregnancy outcome such as large for gestational age. Daily reference intakes for energy and fat during pregnancy need to be re-evaluated according to prepregnancy BMI. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Alkylresorcinols (AR) have been suggested as specific biomarkers of whole-grain (WG) and bran intake from wheat and rye. Before using plasma AR as biomarkers in prospective cohort studies, the long-term reproducibility needs to be determined in order to judge how well a single plasma sample reflects the long-term concentration. The objective was therefore to estimate the reproducibility of plasma AR concentrations over 0.1-3.9 years. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The concentrations of AR homologues were analysed in plasma samples, drawn>8 h since last meal, 0.1-3.9 years apart (mean  2 years) in 74 participants in the Swedish prospective Vsterbotten Intervention Project cohort. Reproducibility was estimated by calculating the intra class correlation coefficient (ICC). RESULTS: Fasting plasma AR concentrations were similar between the first and second measurements. The ICC for total AR was 0.54 (95% confidence interval (CI)=0.38-0.69] overall, 0.34 (95% CI=0.13-0.64) for men and 0.73 (95% CI=0.56-0.85) for women, respectively. Somewhat higher ICCs were obtained for shorter AR homologues. CONCLUSION: In summary, the reproducibility of plasma AR over 0.1-3.9 years was high for women and moderate for men within this population. Together with previous data showing high validity of plasma AR as biomarkers of wheat and rye in different populations, the current finding suggest that this biomarker is stable over a long-time period and is therefore probably useful for assessment of long-term WG intake in populations with a wide intake range and a frequent intake. 
BACKGROUND: Different healthy food patterns may modify cardiometabolic risk. We investigated the effects of an isocaloric healthy Nordic diet on insulin sensitivity, lipid profile, blood pressure and inflammatory markers in people with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: We conducted a randomized dietary study lasting for 18-24 weeks in individuals with features of metabolic syndrome (mean age 55 years, BMI 31.6 kg m(-2) , 67% women). Altogether 309 individuals were screened, 200 started the intervention after 4-week run-in period, and 96 (proportion of dropouts 7.9%) and 70 individuals (dropouts 27%) completed the study, in the Healthy diet and Control diet groups, respectively. Healthy diet included whole-grain products, berries, fruits and vegetables, rapeseed oil, three fish meals per week and low-fat dairy products. An average Nordic diet served as a Control diet. Compliance was monitored by repeated 4-day food diaries and fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids. RESULTS: Body weight remained stable, and no significant changes were observed in insulin sensitivity or blood pressure. Significant changes between the groups were found in non-HDL cholesterol (-0.18, mmol L(-1) 95% CI -0.35; -0.01, P = 0.04), LDL to HDL cholesterol (-0.15, -0.28; -0.00, P = 0.046) and apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A1 ratios (-0.04, -0.07; -0.00, P = 0.025) favouring the Healthy diet. IL-1 Ra increased during the Control diet (difference -84, -133; -37 ng L(-1) , P = 0.00053). Intakes of saturated fats (E%, beta estimate 4.28, 0.02; 8.53, P = 0.049) and magnesium (mg, -0.23, -0.41; -0.05, P = 0.012) were associated with IL-1 Ra. CONCLUSIONS: Healthy Nordic diet improved lipid profile and had a beneficial effect on low-grade inflammation. 
OBJECTIVE: Stearoyl-coenzyme A desaturase-1 (SCD1) is a key enzyme in fatty acid and energy metabolism. Increased hepatic SCD1 activity is associated with obesity and obesity-related diseases. We examined the relations of two plasma SCD activity indices (16:1n-7/16:0, 18:1n-9/18:0) with body composition, and the association of lifestyle and dietary variables with the plasma SCD indices. DESIGN AND METHODS: This population-based, cross-sectional study of 2021 elderly (71-74 y) men and women from the Hordaland Health Study in Western Norway was conducted using a validated food frequency questionnaire, body composition measurements by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and determination of the plasma fatty acid profile. RESULTS: In multivariate regression analyses, plasma SCD indices were positively associated with BMI and body fat (P < 0.001 for both). From the 2.5th to 97.5th percentiles of plasma SCD-16 and SCD-18 indices, fat mass differed by about 8 kg and 5 kg, respectively. Intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids were negatively associated with SCD-16 (partial r = -0.30) and SCD-18 (partial r = -0.24) (P < 0.001 for both). Alcohol intake was positively associated with SCD-16 (partial r = 0.26) and SCD-18 (partial r = 0.16) (P < 0.001 for both), whereas coffee consumption and physical activity were inversely associated with SCD-16 (P = 0.026 and P = 0.006, respectively) and SCD-18 (P = 0.001 and P = 0.022, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In this elderly population, plasma markers of SCD1 activity are associated with increased adiposity. Furthermore, modifiable dietary habits and lifestyle are associated with plasma SCD indices. These results suggest that SCD1 activity may be a promising target for weight control. 
SCOPE: Intake of green tea may reduce the risk of breast cancer; polyphenols in this drink can influence enzymes that metabolize estrogens, known causal factors in breast cancer etiology. METHODS AND RESULTS: We examined the associations of green tea intake (<1 time/week, 1-6 times weekly, or 7+ times weekly) with urinary estrogens and estrogen metabolites (jointly EM) in a cross-sectional sample of healthy Japanese American women, including 119 premenopausal women in luteal phase and 72 postmenopausal women. We fit robust regression models to each log-transformed EM concentration (picomoles per mg creatinine), adjusting for age and study center. In premenopausal women, intake of green tea was associated with lower luteal total EM (P trend=0.01) and lower urinary 16-pathway EM (P trend=0.01). In postmenopausal women, urinary estrone and estradiol were approximately 20% and 40% lower (P trend=0.01 and 0.05, respectively) in women drinking green tea daily compared to those drinking<1 time/week. Adjustment for potential confounders (age at menarche, parity/age at first birth, body mass index, Asian birthplace, soy) did not change these associations. CONCLUSIONS: Findings suggest that intake of green tea may modify estrogen metabolism or conjugation and in this way may influence breast cancer risk. 
9-Desaturase (stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1, SCD-1) regulates the desaturation of SFA, mainly stearic and palmitic, to MUFA. 6-Desaturase (D6D) and 5-desaturase (D5D) are involved in the metabolism of linoleic and -linolenic acid to polyunsaturated metabolites. The objective of the present study was to study the effects of different types of dietary fat on indices of fatty acid desaturase (FADS) activity (evaluated as product:precursor ratios) in plasma and skeletal muscle in human subjects. A high SCD-1 index has been related to obesity and metabolic disorders, while the D5D index is associated with insulin sensitivity. Fatty acid composition of serum and skeletal muscle lipids was analysed by GLC during a randomised, controlled, 3-month dietary intervention in healthy subjects. A comparison of the effects of a diet containing butter fat (SFA, n 17) with a diet containing monounsaturated fat (MUFA, n 17), keeping all other dietary components constant, showed a reduced SCD-1 activity index by 20% on the MUFA diet compared with the SFA diet assessed in serum cholesteryl esters. The D6D and D5D indices remained unaffected. Supplementation with long-chain n-3 fatty acids reduced the SCD-1 index by a similar magnitude while the D6D index decreased and the D5D index increased. It is concluded that changes in the type of fat in the diet affect the indices of FADS activity in serum and skeletal muscle in human subjects. The desaturase activity indices estimated from the serum lipid ester composition are significantly related to corresponding indices studied in skeletal muscle phospholipids.
Alkaline phosphatase (ALP) hydrolyzes a variety of monophosphate esters into phosphoric acid and alcohol at a high optimum pH (pH 8-10). Human ALPs are classified into four types: tissue-non specific (TNSALP, liver/bone/kidney), intestinal, placental, and germ cell types. Based on studies of hypophosphatasia (HPP), which is a systemic bone disease caused by the presence of either one or two pathologic mutations in ALPL that encodes TNSALP, TNSALP was suggested to be indispensable for skeletal mineralization. In this study, we explored the possibility that dietary nutrients contribute to regulate serum bone-specific ALP (BAP) activity. Serum biochemical parameters, such as serum ALP, BAP, osteocalcin, and fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23), were measured in healthy young subjects (n=193). Dietary nutrient intakes were measured based on 3-d food records before the day of blood examinations. The presence of a carrier of the deletion of T at nucleotide 1559 (c.1559delT), which has been reported to be the most frequent in Japanese HPP, was not detected in any subject. By the analysis of BAP activity and other biochemical parameters or dietary nutrient intakes, we obtained significant correlations between BAP activity and serum phosphorus (r=-0.165, p=0.022), calcium intake (mg/1,000 kcal/d) (r=-0.186, p=0.010), or phosphorus intake (mg/1,000 kcal/d) (r=-0.226, p=0.002). Further study on the regulation of BAP activity and calcium and/or phosphorus homeostasis will provide useful data for improving skeletal health.
Elucidation of the relationships between genotype, diet, and health requires accurate dietary assessment. In intervention and epidemiological studies, dietary assessment usually relies on questionnaires, which are susceptible to recall bias. An alternative approach is to quantify biomarkers of intake in biofluids, but few such markers have been validated so far. Here we describe the use of metabolomics for the discovery of nutritional biomarkers, using citrus fruits as a case study. Three study designs were compared. Urinary metabolomes were profiled for volunteers that had (a) consumed an acute dose of orange or grapefruit juice, (b) consumed orange juice regularly for one month, and (c) reported high or low consumption of citrus products for a large cohort study. Some signals were found to reflect citrus consumption in all three studies. Proline betaine and flavanone glucuronides were identified as known biomarkers, but various other biomarkers were revealed. Further, many signals that increased after citrus intake in the acute study were not sensitive enough to discriminate high and low citrus consumers in the cohort study. We propose that urine profiling of cohort subjects stratified by consumption is an effective strategy for discovery of sensitive biomarkers of consumption for a wide range of foods. 
Considering the scarcity of data on the relationship between hemoglobin, serum retinol and habitual meat consumption in the elderly, a cross-sectional population-based study was performed, which was representative of the population of a state capital in Northeastern Brazil, including 176 elderly aged between 60 and 90 years, who responded to questionnaires about habitual food consumption and socioeconomic aspects. Blood counts and serum retinol analyses were carried out. The prevalence of anemia was 9.58%, and 96% of elderly showing adequate serum retinol levels. The consumption of vitamin A and iron was adequate in 93.75% and 85%, respectively. There was no correlation between serum retinol and hemoglobin values (p=0.56), and as expected, there was a positive association between meat consumption and hemoglobin (p=0.02). Based on results obtained in this study, it was concluded that the maintenance of adequate vitamin A and meat intake in this population should be encouraged, which appears to be an effective intervention strategy to achieve appropriate serum retinol and hemoglobin values, and hence lower iron deficiency anemia rates.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the amount of salt intake among normotensive (NT) and prehypertensive (PHT) subjects and to determine whether the association between salt intake and blood pressure is correlated with body weight and waist circumference (WC) or is independent. METHODS: A total of 806 NT and PHT subjects from Isfahan Healthy Heart Program (IHHP) were enrolled in the study. A standard questionnaire was used to assess sociodemographic characteristics. The amount of salt intake was measured by the 24-hour urine collection method. Blood pressure, height, weight, and WC were measured based on standard protocols. RESULTS: The mean ages ( SD) of NT and PHT subjects were 35.9 ( 11.9) and 44.7 ( 12.5) years, respectively (P < 0.001). The mean values of body mass index (BMI) and WC were greater among PHT than NT subjects (BMI: 27.9  3.8 vs. 25.1  4.3 kg/m2; P < 0.001 and WC: 90.2  8.6 vs. 81.2  11.2 cm; P < 0.001, respectively). PHT subjects had higher amount of salt intake than NT ones (10.3  6.2 vs. 12.7  7.1 g/d, respectively; P = 0.003). Odds ratio (OR) for being PHT increased significantly across the tertiles of salt intake in crude model and sociodemographic- adjusted model. Further adjustment for BMI and WC values weakened the OR for being PHT and showed nonsignificant trend (OR (and 95% CI) for BMI across tertiles of salt intake: 1, 1.26 (0.59 - 2.69), 1.89 (0.93 - 3.81); P = 0.063 and OR (and 95% CI) for WC across tertiles of salt intake: 1, 1.22 (0.58 - 2.57), 1.79(0.89 - 3.56); P = 0.082). CONCLUSION: The findings of this study suggest that the association between salt intake and blood pressure is related to body weight and WC. 
The available information on the effect of excess dietary magnesium on male reproduction is inadequate, though consumption of hard water rich in magnesium salt is not uncommon in many geographical areas. The present study has thus been undertaken to evaluate the morphological as well as cytological and functional changes in testis of magnesium administered sexually mature male Wistar rats. Significant increase in the activities of androgenic enzymes viz. delta(5)3beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase and 17beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase with concomitant increase in serum testosterone level, followed by progressive development in cytoarchitechture of genital organs, without any significant alteration in quantitative spermatogenesis were observed. The results were more marked in the groups treated for longer duration. The results further suggests that the changes that occurred after excessive magnesium in testis were not for the enhanced adrenocortical activities or for the generation of oxidative stress in reproductive organs, but for the direct action of excess magnesium on male gonads. Magnesium supplementation thus has an apparent beneficial effect on male gonadal system.
In the present controlled, randomised, multiple cross-over dietary intervention study, we aimed to identify potential biomarkers for dietary protein from dairy products, meat and grain, which could be useful to estimate intake of these protein types in epidemiological studies. After 9 d run-in, thirty men and seventeen women (22 (SD 4) years) received three high-protein diets (aimed at approximately 18% of energy (en%)) in random order for 1 week each, with approximately 14 en% originating from either meat, dairy products or grain. We used a two-step approach to identify biomarkers in urine and plasma. With principal component discriminant analysis, we identified amino acids (AA) from the plasma or urinary AA profile that were distinctive between diets. Subsequently, after pooling total study data, we applied mixed models to estimate the predictive value of those AA for intake of protein types. A very good prediction could be made for the intake of meat protein by a regression model that included urinary carnosine, 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine (98% of variation in intake explained). Furthermore, for dietary grain protein, a model that included seven AA (plasma lysine, valine, threonine, -aminobutyric acid, proline, ornithine and arginine) made a good prediction (75% of variation explained). We could not identify biomarkers for dairy protein intake. In conclusion, specific combinations of urinary and plasma AA may be potentially useful biomarkers for meat and grain protein intake, respectively. These findings need to be cross-validated in other dietary intervention studies.
OBJECTIVE: The purpose was to examine the associations among body weight status, blood pressure and daily Na intake among grade 7 students from south-western Ontario, Canada. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. Data were collected using the Food Behaviour Questionnaire, including a 24 h diet recall. Measured height and weight were used to determine BMI. Blood pressure was taken manually using mercury sphygmomanometers. SETTING: Twenty-six schools in south-western Ontario, Canada. SUBJECTS: Grade 7 students (n 1068). RESULTS: Body weight status indicated 1 % were underweight, 56 % normal weight, 23 % overweight and 20 % were obese. Mean systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were 1083 (sd 103) mmHg and 660 (sd 75) mmHg, respectively, and mean Na intake was 2799 (sd 1539) mg/d. Bivariate analyses suggested that SBP (P < 0001) and DBP (P < 0001) were significantly different by body weight status, yet no associations were observed for Na. Adjusted for gender, ethnicity and under-reporting, participants were more likely to be overweight/obese if they had higher SBP (v. lower: OR = 106, 95 % CI 105, 108, P < 0001), higher DBP (v. lower: OR = 102, 95 % CI 100, 104, P = 0043) and higher intakes of Na (3rd v. 1st quartile: OR = 172, 95 % CI 114, 259, P = 0009; 4th v. 1st quartile: OR = 288, 95 % CI, 176, 473, P < 0001). CONCLUSIONS: High intakes of Na, coupled with high SBP and DBP, were associated with overweight and obesity status among the grade 7 sample from south-western Ontario, Canada. 
Reduced fetal growth is associated with increased systolic blood pressure. Recently, we found an inverse association between serum -3 fatty acids and systolic blood pressure in young adults born with impaired fetal growth. We investigated the associations of dietary intake in childhood of the long-chain -3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid with blood pressure parameters in children born with reduced birth weight. We analyzed data from 3457 children aged 8 to 15 years participating in the continuous National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004, 2005-2006, and 2007-2008. Dietary intake was assessed by two 24-hour dietary recalls, birth weight by questionnaire, and blood pressure was measured. Systolic blood pressure was 1.1 mm Hg higher in those with reduced (<10th centile) compared with normal birth weight ( 10th centile), consistent with previous findings, although not statistically significant (P=0.40); however, pulse pressure was significantly higher in these children (3.4 mm Hg). In the 354 participants with reduced birth weight, when compared with children with the lowest tertile of intake, those who had the highest tertile of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid intake had significantly lower systolic blood pressure (-4.9 mm Hg [95% confidence interval, -9.7 to -0.1]) and pulse pressure (-7.7 mm Hg [95% confidence interval, -15.0 to -0.4]). High-dietary intakes of eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid are associated with lower systolic blood pressure and pulse pressure in children born with reduced birth weight. These data are consistent with the hypothesis that long-chain -3 fatty acids reduce blood pressure in those with impaired fetal growth.
Interactions of chemicals with cerebral cellular systems are often accompanied by similar changes involving components in non-neural tissues. On this basis, indirect strategies have been developed to investigate neural cell function parameters by methods using accessible cells, including platelets and/or peripheral blood lymphocytes. Therefore, here it was investigated whether peripheral blood markers may be useful for assessing the central toxic effects of methylmercury (MeHg). For this purpose, we investigated platelet mitochondrial physiology in a well-established mouse model of MeHg-induced neurotoxicity, and correlated this peripheral activity with behavioural and central biochemical parameters. In order to characterize the cortical toxicity induced by MeHg (20 and 40mg/L in drinking water, 21days), the behavioral parameter namely, short-term object recognition, and the central mitochondrial impairment assessed by measuring respiratory complexes I-IV enzyme activities were determined in MeHg-poisoned animals. Neurotoxicity induced by MeHg exposure provoked compromised cortical activity (memory impairment) and reduced NADH dehydrogenase, complex II and II-III activities in the cerebral cortex. These alterations correlated with impaired systemic platelet oxygen consumption of intoxicated mice, which was characterized by reduced electron transfer activity and uncoupled mitochondria. The data brought here demonstrated that impaired systemic platelet oxygen consumption is a sensitive and non-invasive marker of the brain energy deficits induced by MeHg poisoning. Finally, brain and platelets biochemical alterations significantly correlated with cognitive behavior in poisoned mice. Therefore, it could be proposed the use of platelet oxygen consumption as a peripheral blood marker of brain function in a mouse model MeHg-induced neurotoxicity. 
BACKGROUND: Past body weight may be a more informative factor than current weight for risk of chronic disease development. Often, investigators must rely on subject recall to gauge past body weights. The Cincinnati Weight History Questionnaire (CWHQ) was developed to aid in the retrospective identification of adults who were obese during adolescence. METHODS: To assess validity, the CWHQ was administered to a subset of National Heart, Lung, and Blood Growth and Health Study (NGHS) participants, a group of young adult females for whom historical measured anthropometrics were available. One hundred ninety-eight NGHS participants were contacted, of whom 191 (97%) responded (age 26-29). Participants were asked to recall height and weight from ages 13 and 18, which were compared to previously measured values. Multiple indices of validity (Bland-Altman plots, sensitivity, and specificity) were calculated. RESULTS: The CWHQ was moderately sensitive (range, 19-66%), but highly specific (range, 89-100%). Recalled height and weight values used to determine body mass index (BMI) underestimated BMI based on recorded height and weight at ages 13 and 18. Differences in calculated BMI based on recalled and measured height and weight were found to increase with BMI calculated using measured values. CONCLUSIONS: The CWHQ proved to be a moderately sensitive, but highly specific instrument for detecting adolescent obesity in a cohort of young adult females. Epidemiologic research seeking to discriminate between adults with adult-onset vs. adolescent-onset obesity may find the CWHQ useful. 
The association of socioeconomic status (SES) with nutrients intakes attracts public attention worldwide. In the current study, we examined the associations of SES with dietary salt intake and health outcomes in general Japanese workers (2,266) who participated in this Japanese occupational cohort. SES was assessed by a self-administered questionnaire. Dietary intakes were assessed with a validated, brief, self-administered diet history questionnaire (BDHQ). Multiple linear regression and stratified analysis were used to evaluate the associations of salt intake with the confounding factors. Education levels and household incomes were significantly associated with salt intake, as well as blood pressures (P < 0.05). After adjusting for age, sex and total energy intake, both years of education and household income significantly affect the salt intake (for education,  = -0.031, P = 0.040; for household income,  = -0.046, P = 0.003). SES factors also affect the risk of hypertension, those subjects with higher levels of education or income had lower risk to become hypertensive (ORs for education was 0.904, P < 0.001; ORs for income was 0.956, P = 0.032). Our results show that SES is an independent determinant of salt intake and blood pressure, in order to lower the risk of hypertension, the efforts to narrow the social status gaps should be considered by the health policy-makers.
Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in developed countries. Plasma cholesterol level is a key risk factor in CVD pathogenesis. Genetic and dietary variation both influence plasma cholesterol; however, little is known about dietary interactions with genetic variants influencing the absorption and transport of dietary cholesterol. We sought to determine whether gut expressed variants predicting plasma cholesterol differentially affected the relationship between dietary and plasma cholesterol levels in 1,128 subjects (772/356 in the discovery/replication cohorts, respectively). Four single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) within three genes (APOB, CETP, and NPC1L1) were significantly associated with plasma cholesterol in the discovery cohort. These were subsequently evaluated for gene-by-environment (GxE) interactions with dietary cholesterol for the prediction of plasma cholesterol, with significant findings tested for replication. Novel GxE interactions were identified and replicated for two variants: rs1042034, an APOB Ser4338Asn missense SNP and rs2072183 (in males only), a synonymous NPC1L1 SNP in linkage disequilibrium with SNPs 5' of NPC1L1. This study identifies the presence of novel GxE and gender interactions implying that differential gut absorption is the basis for the variant associations with plasma cholesterol. These GxE interactions may account for part of the "missing heritability" not accounted for by genetic associations.
Few reports are available that characterize daily arsenic exposure through water and diet among people living in groundwater-contaminated regions and correlate it with biomarkers. The present study describes the total individual arsenic exposure and arsenic level in urine and hair of such an arsenic-exposed population in West Bengal. Demographic characteristics and the total daily arsenic intake through water and diet were determined in 167 (Group-1 participants selected from arsenic endemic region) and 69 (Group-2 participants selected from arsenic non-endemic region) in West Bengal. Out of 167 Group-1 participants 78 (Group-1A) had arsenical skin lesions while 89 Group-1B) had no such lesion. Arsenic level in water samples as well as diet, urine and hair samples, collected from all the individual participants, were estimated. The mean value of estimated total arsenic content from water and diet was 349 (range: 20-1615) g/day in 167 (Group-1) participants living in As endemic region [As in water: mean value 54 (range:BDL-326) g/L] and 36 (range:12-120) g/day in 69 (Group-2) participants living in As non-endemic region (As in water: below detection level (BDL), < 0.3 g/L). Estimated mean arsenic level in urine in these two groups of participants was 116 (range: 6-526) g/L and 17 (range: BDL-37) g/L and in hair was 1.0 (range: 0.22-3.98) mg/Kg and 0.16 (range: 0.06-0.37) mg/Kg, respectively. Multiple regressions analysis in Group-1 participants showed that total arsenic intake was associated significantly with urinary and hair arsenic level. The estimated regression coefficient was 0.0022 (95% confidence interval, C.I: 0.0016, 0.0028; P < 0.001) and 0.0024 (95% C.I: 0.0021, 0.003; P < 0.001), respectively. In sub group analysis, higher median urinary arsenic value relative to arsenic intake through water and diet was observed in 78 Group-1A subjects with skin lesion compared to urinary arsenic value in 89 Group-1B subjects without skin lesions, though there was a marginal difference of median total arsenic intake in these two groups. This study showed that significant elevation of arsenic level in urine and hair was associated with elevated arsenic intake through water and diet in people living in arsenic endemic region (Group-1), while these values were low in people living in non-endemic region (Group-2). Those with skin lesions were found to have higher arsenic in urine and hair compared to those without skin lesion with similar arsenic intake through water and diet.
Untargeted metabolomic analyses of plasma and red blood cells (RBCs) can provide complementary information on biomarkers of food consumption. To assess blood collection differences in biomarkers, fasting blood was drawn from 10 healthy individuals using sodium citrate and lithium heparin as anticoagulants. Plasma and RBCs were separated into aqueous and lipid fractions to be analyzed using 1D and 2D (1)H NMR spectroscopy. Fatty acids were analyzed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Polyphenols were extracted from plasma and RBCs by micro-elution solid-phase extraction and analyzed by ultra performance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS). (1)H NMR demonstrated higher aqueous metabolites such as glucose in plasma compared to RBCs, while RBCs contained higher ADP-ATP, creatine and acetone than plasma. Lipoproteins and their subclasses were higher in plasma than in RBCs. Percentages of saturated fatty acids (SFA) 16:0, 17:0, 20:0, 24:0 and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) 22:6 n-3 (docosahexaenoic acid) and 20:4 n-6 (arachidonic acid) were higher in RBCs than in plasma (p < 0.05), while SFA 14:0, monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) 14:1 n-5, 16:1 n-7, 17:1 n-7 and 18:1 n-9 and PUFA 18:3 n-3, 18:2 n-6, 18:3 n-6 and 20:3 n-6 were higher in plasma than in RBCs (p < 0.05). Polyphenols differed in plasma from those of RBCs. Biomarker concentrations were lower in sodium citrate compared to lithium heparin plasma. In conclusion, metabolomic profiles generated by NMR spectroscopy, GC-MS and UPLC-MS/MS analyses of RBCs versus plasma show complementary information on several specific molecular biomarkers that could be applied in nutritional assessment.
The nuclear factor E2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1) pathway upregulates antioxidant and biotransformation enzyme expression to counter cellular oxidative stress. The contributions of Nrf2 to other cellular functions, such as lipid homeostasis, are emerging. This study was conducted to determine how enhanced Nrf2 activity influences the progression of metabolic syndrome with long-term high-fat diet (HFD) feeding. C57BL/6 and Keap1-knockdown (Keap1-KD) mice, which exhibit enhanced Nrf2 activity, were fed a HFD for 24 weeks. Keap1-KD mice had higher body weight and white adipose tissue mass compared to C57BL/6 mice on HFD, along with increased inflammation and lipogenic gene expression. HFD feeding increased hepatic steatosis and inflammation to a greater extent in Keap1-KD mice compared to C57BL/6 mice, which was associated with increased liver Cd36, fatty acid-binding protein 4, and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 mRNA expression, as well as increased acetyl-CoA carboxylase 1 and stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 protein expression. The HFD altered short-term glucose homeostasis to a greater degree in Keap-KD mice compared to C57BL/6 mice, which was accompanied by downregulation of insulin receptor substrate 1 mRNA expression in skeletal muscle. Together, the results indicate that Keap1 knockdown, on treatment with HFD, increases certain markers of metabolic syndrome. 
OBJECTIVE: Soluble CD163 (sCD163) is a new macrophage-specific serum marker elevated in inflammatory conditions. sCD163 is elevated in obesity and found to be a strong predictor of the development of type 2 diabetes. We investigated whether dietary intervention and moderate exercise was related to changes in sCD163 and how sCD163 is associated to insulin resistance in obesity. DESIGN AND METHODS: Ninety-six obese subjects were enrolled: 62 followed a very low energy diet (VLED) program for 8 weeks followed by 3-4 weeks of weight stabilization, 20 followed a moderate exercise program for 12 weeks, and 14 were included without any intervention. Fasting blood samples and anthropometric measures were taken at baseline and after intervention. Thirty-six lean subjects were included in a control group. RESULTS: sCD163 was significantly higher in obese subjects (2.3  1.0 mg/l) compared with lean (1.6  0.4 mg/l, P < 0.001). Weight loss (11%) induced by VLED resulted in a reduction and partial normalization of sCD163 to 2.0  0.9 mg/l (P < 0.001). Exercise for 12 weeks had no effect on sCD163. At baseline, sCD163 was significantly correlated with BMI (r = 0.46), waist circumference (r = 0.40), insulin resistance measured by the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR; r = 0.41; all P < 0.001), and the leptin-to-adiponectin ratio (r = 0.28, P < 0.05). In a multivariate linear regression analysis with various inflammatory markers, sCD163 ( = 0.25), adiponectin ( = -0.24), and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP;  = 0.20) remained independently and significantly associated to HOMA-IR (all P < 0.05). After further adjustment for waist circumference, only sCD163 was associated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The macrophage-specific serum marker sCD163 is increased in obesity and partially normalized by dietary-induced weight loss but not by moderate exercise. Furthermore, we confirm that sCD163 is a good marker for obesity-related insulin resistance. 
There is growing evidence from epidemiological studies that dietary protein may beneficially influence blood pressure (BP), but findings are inconclusive. We performed a meta-analysis of 29 observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of dietary protein and types of protein in relation to BP or incident hypertension, published until January 2012. The analysis included eight cross-sectional studies (n=48985), four prospective studies (n=11761) and 17 RCTs (n=1449). A modest inverse association between total protein intake and BP (-0.20mmHg systolic (95% CI: -0.39, -0.01) per 25g (1s.d.)) was found in cross-sectional studies, but not in prospective studies (relative risk of 0.99 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.02)). For RCTs that used carbohydrate as a control treatment, the pooled BP effect was -2.11mmHg systolic (95% CI: -2.86, -1.37) for a weighed mean contrast in protein intake of 41g per day. A non-significant inverse association of -0.52mmHg systolic (95% CI: -1.10, +0.05) per 11g (1s.d.) was found for plant protein in cross-sectional studies, whereas animal protein was not associated with BP. In prospective studies and RCTs, however, the associations of plant protein and animal protein with BP were broadly similar. These findings suggest that increasing the intake of protein at the expense of carbohydrates may have a beneficial effect on BP. The BP effect of specific types of protein remains to be established. 
BACKGROUND: Patients' treatment goals for overactive bladder (OAB) and other lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) may not be aligned with their healthcare provider's goals. Successful management of OAB symptoms is improved by individualised treatment plans with attainable treatment goals. Goal attainment setting may facilitate patient-provider interaction and the development of a personalised treatment plan based on realistic, individual goals, thereby increasing patient satisfaction and therapeutic outcomes. The purpose of this study was to validate the utility of the Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire for LUTS in helping patients identify and achieve realistic treatment goals. METHODS: The 2-module SAGA questionnaire consists of nine prespecified (fixed) items and five open-ended items for goal identification and ranking (baseline module) and goal achievement rating (follow-up module). Adult patients in the United States (n = 104) seeking treatment for LUTS, including symptoms of OAB, completed the SAGA baseline module, micturition diary, other patient-reported outcome measures (PROs), and discussed their urinary goals with a clinician at baseline. The SAGA follow-up module was completed 2-4 months later. SAGA was validated based on analyses of face, concurrent, known-groups, and convergent validity and item distribution. RESULTS: Among the nine fixed goals of SAGA, four were ranked as very important by > 50% of patients (i.e. reduce night-time frequency, daytime frequency, urine leakage, urgency). Most patients did not change the importance level of their goals after discussion with their healthcare provider. Pearson correlations between SAGA, diary variables and PRO scores were generally of low to moderate strength. The global mean (SD) follow-up SAGA T-score was 32.54 (12.54), indicating that overall goal attainment was not achieved after 3 months. The goal attainment score was significantly different between groups differing in symptom severity, health-related quality of life, bladder control and continence status. CONCLUSIONS: The results support the validity of SAGA as a measure of patients' goals and goal achievement for the treatment of LUTS, including symptoms of OAB. SAGA may improve healthcare provider-patient interactions and treatment outcomes in clinical practice. 
BACKGROUND: Water balance is achieved when water intake from solid and fluid foods and drinking water meets water losses, mainly in sweat, urine and faeces. Seasonality, particularly in Mediterranean countries that have a hot summer, may affect water loss and consequently water balance. Water balance has not been estimated before on a population level and the effect of seasonality has not been evaluated. The present study aimed to compare water balance, intake and loss in summer and winter in a sample of the general population in Greece. METHODS: The Water Balance Questionnaire (WBQ) was used to evaluate water balance, estimating water intake and loss in summer (n=480) and in winter (n=412) on a stratified sample of the general population in Athens, Greece. RESULTS: In winter, mean (SD) water balance was -63(1478)mL/day(-1) , mean (SD)water intake was 2892(987)mL/day(-1) and mean (quartile range) water loss was 2637 (1810-3922)mL/day(-1) . In summer, mean (SD) water balance was -58(2150)mL/day(-1) , mean (SD) water intake was 3875(1373)mL/day(-1) and mean (quartile range) water loss was 3635 (2365-5258)mL/day(-1) . Water balance did not differ between summer and winter (P=0.96); however, the data distribution was different; in summer, approximately 8% more participants were falling in the low and high water balance categories. Differences in water intake from different sources were identified (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Water balance in summer and winter was not different. However, water intake and loss were approximately 40% higher in summer than in winter. More people were falling in the low and high water balance categories in summer when comparing the distribution on water balance in winter. 
BACKGROUND: Oxidative stress has been associated with a variety of chronic diseases and reproductive disorders. Fruits and vegetables (F/V) may contribute to antioxidant vitamin and micronutrient levels and reduce oxidative stress. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of meeting the 5 A Day For Better Health Program recommendation for F/V consumption on biomarkers of oxidative damage and antioxidant defense. DESIGN: In this longitudinal study, healthy premenopausal women (n=258) were followed for 2 menstrual cycles with 16 oxidative stress measures timed to cycle phase. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma concentrations of F2-isoprostane, 9-hydroxyoctadecadieneoic acid, 13-hydroxyoctadecadieneoic acid, erythrocyte activity of superoxide dismutase, glutathione reductase, and glutathione peroxidase, as well as blood micronutrient concentrations were measured. Dietary intake was assessed by food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) (1 per cycle), and 24-hour recalls (4 per cycle). STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Fruit and vegetable servings were dichotomized based on the recommendation to consume five servings of F/V each day. Linear mixed models with repeated measures were used to analyze lipid peroxidation markers, antioxidant vitamins, and antioxidant enzymes by cycle phase and in association with usual F/V intake. RESULTS: For both 24-hour recall (timed to cycle phase) and cycle-specific FFQ, meeting the recommendation to consume five servings of F/V each day was associated with decreased F2-isoprostanes (24-hour recall =-.10 [95% CI, -0.12 to -0.07]; FFQ = -.14 [95% CI, -0.18 to -0.11]). Glutathione reductase was lower in association with typical consumption of five or more servings of F/V by FFQ but not in the phase-specific analysis. Higher levels of ascorbic acid, lutein, beta carotene, and beta cryptoxanthin were observed with both intake measures. CONCLUSIONS: Meeting the 5 A Day For Better Health Program recommendation was associated with lower oxidative stress and improved antioxidant status in analyses of typical diet (via FFQ) and in menstrual cycle phase-specific analyses using 24-hour recalls. Green salads were commonly eaten and increasing intake of salads may be a useful strategy to influence oxidation in reproductive aged women. 
PURPOSE: Adipose tissue-associated chronic inflammation is involved in the pathogenesis of obesity-related diseases. Dietary fatty acids are known to influence inflammatory processes. The aim of this study was to investigate, whether diets with regular fat contents but variable fat qualities affect adipose tissue-associated inflammation through the fatty acid composition of mesenteric adipose tissue (MAT). METHODS: Obese Zucker rats were fed diets containing 7 % wt:wt rapeseed oil, corn oil, or lard for 10 weeks. Fatty acid composition and endocrine function regarding adipokines and cytokines of MAT, number of total CD3(+) T cells, and cytokine secretion of mesenteric lymph node (MLN)-derived lymphocytes were determined. Local effects in MAT and MLN were compared to systemic effects assessed in serum and peripheral blood mononuclear cells. RESULTS: Fatty acid composition of MAT reflected dietary fatty acid intake, without affecting endocrine function. Feeding the lard diet for 10 weeks increased the serum adiponectin and TNF- secretion of blood lymphocytes, whereas CD3(+) T cells in blood were decreased. No effects were seen for the secretion of adipokines and cytokines from MAT, the amount of T cells in MLN, and cytokine secretion of MLN lymphocytes. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, feeding obese rats a diet with regular fat content but variable fat sources for 10 weeks, changed the fatty acid composition of MAT but not its secretory properties or MLN functions. Although the local immune system was not influenced, lard-feeding induced minor changes in systemic immune function. 
Diet-induced weight gain causes changes in adipose tissue that alter blood monocytes and adipose tissue macrophages, increasing disease risk. The purpose of this study was to compare the effects of 24 wk of diet-induced weight gain on the percentages of blood monocytes and adipose tissue macrophages as well as the cell-surface expression of toll-like receptors 2 and 4 and leptin receptor, which are associated with inflammation and homing to adipose tissue. Crl:CD1(ICR) male mice were assigned to either a diet-induced weight gain (60% of calories from fat; n = 12) or control (10% of calories from fat; n = 13) group. After 24 wk of dietary treatment, whole blood and bilateral perigonadal fat pads were collected. Whole blood or SVF were separately labeled for monocytes (CD11b(+)CD14-) or macrophages (CD11b(+)F4/80(+)) and receptor expression by using 3-color flow cytometry. Data were analyzed by using univariate ANOVA. Compared with control mice, those in the weight-gain group had greater body weight, fat mass, and percentages of monocytes and macrophages compared with CN. Regardless of cell type, monocytes and macrophages from mice in the weight-gain group expressed significantly less toll-like receptor 2 and leptin receptor than did control mice. The present study demonstrates that monocytes and macrophages are similarly affected by diet-induced weight gain. More research is needed to confirm how monocytes might be used as a proxy measure of macrophages.
BACKGROUND: Strenuous exercise has been classically associated to immune-suppression and consequently to an increased risk of infections, especially at the upper respiratory tract. The administration of dietary nucleotides has been demonstrated useful to maintain the immune function in situations of stress and thus could be an appropriate strategy to counteract the decline of the immune function associated to strenuous exercise. The aim of the present study was to asses the impact of a specific nucleotide formulation (Inmunactive) on the markers of immune function of athletes after a heavy exercise bout under cold conditions. METHODS: Twenty elite male taekwondo athletes were randomly divided into two groups of 10 subjects that were supplemented with placebo (P) or Inmunactive (I) at 480 mg/day during 30 days. At baseline (day 0) and after 4 wk of supplementation (day 30) each subject undertook an exhaustion exercise test using a cycloergometer. Skin temperature, core temperature, heart rate, lactate concentration and rating of perceived exertion (RPE) were recorded during the test. Blood and saliva samples were obtained before and after each exercise test for determination of blood cell concentrations, PHA-stimulated lymphocyte proliferation (PHA-LP) and salivary immunoglobulin A (SIgA). RESULTS: Exercise tests induced neutrophilia and reduction in lymphocyte blood counts on day 0 and on day 30 in both groups. However, the I group exhibited a faster recovery from the lymphopenic response than the P group, so that lymphocyte levels were higher after 150 min (P<0.0028). Furthermore, the lymphoproliferative response was modulated by nucleotide supplementation, since it was higher in the I group on day 30 despite an almost significant (P<0.06) exercise-evoked decrease at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that supplementation with a nucleotide-based product for 4 weeks could counteract the impairment of immune function after heavy exercise. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The Self-Assessment Goal Achievement (SAGA) questionnaire is a patient-completed instrument designed to assess goal attainment in the behavioral or pharmacologic treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), including overactive bladder (OAB). The SAGA questionnaire allows patients to identify and rank the importance of treatment goals before treatment is initiated; the follow-up SAGA questionnaire quantifies the achievement of these patient-identified goals. The objective of this qualitative research was to confirm the content validity of the German, Spanish, Swedish, and English (UK) language versions of the SAGA questionnaire in patients with OAB with or without other LUTS. METHODS: The SAGA questionnaire was translated to each language in accordance with a well-established forward and backward harmonization method. Patient interviews were then conducted according to a cognitive debriefing methodology. Qualitative analysis of patients' input allowed assessment of content validity of each linguistically adapted SAGA questionnaire. RESULTS: All patients (n=29; six to eight per targeted country) found the SAGA questionnaire easy to understand and to complete. Most patients completed the nine prespecified (fixed) treatment goals and were able to add up to five personal goals in the open-ended portion and rate each goal by importance. Differences were identified in how the various languages communicated some of the concepts assessed with the SAGA questionnaire. Rewording of the translated versions of the questionnaire was necessary in some cases. CONCLUSIONS: This linguistic content validation study in four European languages indicates that SAGA is a comprehensive, easy-to-understand, and relevant questionnaire for patient-completed evaluation of LUTS/OAB symptoms and treatment goal attainment. 
OBJECTIVE: In short-term feeding trials, replacement of other macronutrients with monounsaturated fatty acid reduces blood pressure. However, observational studies have not clearly demonstrated a relationship between monounsaturated fatty acid intake and blood pressure. We report associations of monounsaturated fatty acid intake of individuals with blood pressure in a cross-sectional study. METHODS: The International Study of Macro/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure is a cross-sectional epidemiologic study of 4680 men and women ages 40-59 years from 17 population samples in China, Japan, UK and USA. Nutrient intake data were based on four in-depth multipass 24-h dietary recalls/person and two-timed 24-h urine collections/person. Blood pressure was measured eight times at four visits. RESULTS: Mean monounsaturated fatty acid intake ranged from 8.1%kcal (China) to 12.2%kcal (USA). With sequential models to control for possible confounders (dietary, other), linear regression analyses showed significant inverse relationship of total monounsaturated fatty acid intake with DBP for all participants; for 2238 'nonintervened' individuals, the relationship was stronger. Estimated DBP differences with 2-SD higher monounsaturated fatty acids (5.35%kcal) were -0.82mmHg (P<0.05) for all participants and -1.70mmHg (P<0.01) for nonintervened individuals. Inverse associations of dietary total oleic acid (main monounsaturated) with blood pressure in nonintervened individuals were not significant, but those of oleic acid from vegetable sources were stronger and significant (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Dietary monounsaturated fatty acid intake, especially oleic acid from vegetable sources, may contribute to prevention and control of adverse blood pressure levels in general populations. 
Obesity leads to changes in the gut microbial community which contribute to the metabolic dysregulation in obesity. Dietary fat and fiber affect the caloric density of foods. The impact of dietary fat content and fiber type on the microbial community in the hind gut is unknown. Effect of dietary fat level and fiber type on hindgut microbiota and volatile fatty acid (VFA) profiles was investigated. Expression of metabolic marker genes in the gut, adipose tissue and liver was determined. A 2  2 experiment was conducted in pigs fed at two dietary fat levels (5% or 17.5% swine grease) and two fiber types (4% inulin, fermentable fructo-oligosaccharide or 4% solka floc, non-fermentable cellulose). High fat diets (HFD) resulted in a higher (P<0.05) total body weight gain, feed efficiency and back fat accumulation than the low fat diet. Feeding of inulin, but not solka floc, attenuated (P<0.05) the HFD-induced higher body weight gain and fat mass accumulation. Inulin feeding tended to lead to higher total VFA production in the cecum and resulted in a higher (P<0.05) expression of acyl coA oxidase (ACO), a marker of peroxisomal -oxidation. Inulin feeding also resulted in lower expression of sterol regulatory element binding protein 1c (SREBP-1c), a marker of lipid anabolism. Bacteria community structure characterized by DGGE analysis of PCR amplified 16S rRNA gene fragments showed that inulin feeding resulted in greater bacterial population richness than solka floc feeding. Cluster analysis of pairwise Dice similarity comparisons of the DGGE profiles showed grouping by fiber type but not the level of dietary fat. Canonical correspondence analysis (CCA) of PCR- DGGE profiles showed that inulin feeding negatively correlated with back fat thickness. This study suggests a strong interplay between dietary fat level and fiber type in determining susceptibility to obesity.
BACKGROUND: Cushing's disease (CD) is a rare disorder of chronic hypercortisolism due to an adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH)-secreting pituitary corticotroph adenoma. Because hypercortisolism symptoms are wide ranging, it is important to assess a variety of outcomes including both clinical factors, such as cortisol levels, and health-related quality of life (HR-QOL), to better understand the severity and impact of CD on patients and the potential efficacy of CD treatment. Pasireotide, a somatostatin analog that targets somatostatin receptors on the pituitary adenoma, is under development as a treatment for CD. A phase III clinical trial was conducted to investigate its safety and efficacy in patients with CD. In this trial, HR-QOL was assessed with the Cushing's Quality-of-Life (CushingQOL) questionnaire, specifically developed and validated in patients with Cushing's syndrome. OBJECTIVE: Reliability, validity, the ability to detect change, and a minimal important difference (MID) were evaluated for the CushingQOL questionnaire using data from patients diagnosed with CD who participated in the phase III clinical trial designed to assess the safety and efficacy of different doses of pasireotide. METHODS: Adult patients (n=162) with CD participated in a randomized, double-blind, multinational, phase III clinical trial. Patients received subcutaneous pasireotide (600g or 900g) twice daily for 3months (double blind). After 3months, some patients were unblinded based on their mean urinary free cortisol (mUFC) levels and were given the chance to increase their dosage, while the other patients remained blinded. At month 6, an open-label 6-month period began. The CushingQOL questionnaire was self-administered four times (baseline [n=160], and at months 3 [n=134], 6 [n=113], and 12 [n=76]). A confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) was conducted. Reliability estimates were calculated for internal consistency (coefficient alpha) and test retest (intraclass correlation coefficients [ICCs]) for patients with stable hypercortisolism at month 3 and month 6. Construct validity hypotheses (correlations), mean differences in known groups (ANOVAs), and responsiveness effect sizes (Guyatt's) were estimated based on measures of cortisol, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, weight, facial rubor (redness), striae (stretch marks), bruising, supraclavicular fat pad, dorsal fat pad, and results of the Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II). The half-standard deviation distribution method was used to estimate MID. RESULTS: CFA loadings supported a one-factor solution for the CushingQOL questionnaire items. Internal consistency reliability (0.87-0.88) and ICCs (0.87) were high. Construct validity hypotheses were in the anticipated direction. Changes in CushingQOL scores were moderately correlated with changes in mUFC levels, in BMI, and in weight. Mean scores for minimally depressed patients were significantly higher (indicating better HR-QOL) than for severely depressed patients. Moderate Guyatt's responsiveness effect sizes were observed for patients who achieved reductions in weight, BMI, and waist circumference. Using the half-standard deviation method, an estimate of the MID was computed as 10.1. CONCLUSIONS: This study provided evidence within the context of a longitudinal design that the CushingQOL questionnaire is a reliable, valid, and responsive instrument for the assessment of HR-QOL in adults with CD in accordance with recommendations set forth by regulatory agencies in the USA and Europe. 
Biochemical indicators of water-soluble vitamin (WSV) status were measured in a nationally representative sample of the U.S. population in NHANES 2003-2006. To examine whether demographic differentials in nutritional status were related to and confounded by certain variables, we assessed the association of sociodemographic (age, sex, race-ethnicity, education, income) and lifestyle (dietary supplement use, smoking, alcohol consumption, BMI, physical activity) variables with biomarkers of WSV status in adults (aged  20 y): serum and RBC folate, serum pyridoxal-5'-phosphate (PLP), serum 4-pyridoxic acid, serum total cobalamin (vitamin B-12), plasma total homocysteine (tHcy), plasma methylmalonic acid (MMA), and serum ascorbic acid. Age (except for PLP) and smoking (except for MMA) were generally the strongest significant correlates of these biomarkers (|r|  0.43) and together with supplement use explained more of the variability compared with the other covariates in bivariate analysis. In multiple regression models, sociodemographic and lifestyle variables together explained from 7 (vitamin B-12) to 29% (tHcy) of the biomarker variability. We observed significant associations for most biomarkers ( 6 of 8) with age, sex, race-ethnicity, supplement use, smoking, and BMI and for some biomarkers with PIR (5 of 8), education (1 of 8), alcohol consumption (4 of 8), and physical activity (5 of 8). We noted large estimated percentage changes in biomarker concentrations between race-ethnic groups (from -24 to 20%), between supplement users and nonusers (from -12 to 104%), and between smokers and nonsmokers (from -28 to 8%). In summary, age, sex, and race-ethnic differentials in biomarker concentrations remained significant after adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle variables. Supplement use and smoking were important correlates of biomarkers of WSV status.
This study investigated the effect of one-week consumption of 165 g/day fresh blue honeysuckle berries (208 mg/day anthocyanins) in 10 healthy volunteers. At the end of intervention, levels of benzoic (median 1782 vs 4156), protocatechuic (709 vs 2417), vanillic (2779 vs 4753), 3-hydroxycinnamic (143 vs 351), p-coumaric (182 vs 271), isoferulic (805 vs 1570), ferulic (1086 vs 2395), and hippuric (194833 vs 398711 g/mg creatinine) acids by LC/MS were significantly increased in the urine. Clinical chemistry safety markers were not altered. Oxidative stress markers, erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase (0.73 vs 0.88 U/g Hb) and catalase (2.5 vs 2.8 kat/g Hb) activities, and erythrocyte/plasma thiobarbituric acid reactive substance (522 vs 612/33 vs 38 mol/g Hb/protein) levels were significantly increased, without change in plasma antioxidant status. Nonsignificant changes of advanced oxidation protein products and oxidized LDL were observed. The results provide a solid base for further study of metabolite excretion and antioxidant parameters after ingestion of anthocyanins.
OBJECTIVE: Maternal intake is crucial to pregnancy outcomes. Evidence shows that both nutrient deficiency and excess can have adverse effects. In pregnancy, changes in iron metabolism occur; therefore, dietary reference intakes increase to support expansion of red cells and maternal-fetal transfer of iron. Appropriate and valid assessment tools are required to investigate nutritional concerns in mothers with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The objective of this study was to assess the Willett food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to assess iron intake in women with (n = 15) and without (n = 45) GDM. METHODS: To validate the modified FFQ, estimated total iron intake during the third trimester was compared with biomarkers of iron status such as serum ferritin, soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR), and the sTfR:F index at delivery. Data were tested for normality using the D'Agostino-Pearson test. Differences between groups were tested using t tests or Mann-Whitney tests. Correlations were tested using Spearman's . Significance was set at P < 0.05. RESULTS: Significant crude and energy-adjusted serum ferritin and total iron intake were related (= 0.30; P < 0.05) in women without GDM. Serum ferritin, sTfR, and the sTfR:F index were different (P < 0.05) between women with intakes above and below the recommended levels. Cross-classification showed agreement between methods in mothers with and without GDM; on average, 63% of the women were classified into the same or adjacent quartile when ranked by FFQ and iron status. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest the Willett FFQ is a good tool for assessing total iron intake of French-Canadian pregnant women. 
Acrylamide (AA), a probable human carcinogen, is present in high-temperature-processed foods, and has frequently been detected in humans worldwide. In the present study, the levels of a major AA metabolite, N-acetyl-S-(2-carbamoylethyl)-cysteine (AAMA) were measured in urine samples collected in two separate events with 3d interval from Korean children (n=31, 10-13 years old), and their diets were surveyed for 4d period prior to the second urine sampling. Daily AA intake was estimated from AAMA urinary levels and the influence of food consumption on urinary AAMA levels was investigated. The concentrations of metabolite AAMA in urine ranged between 15.4 and 196.3 ng/mL, with a median level of 68.1 ng/mL, and the levels varied by day considerably even in a given child. Children who were exposed to environmental smoke at home exhibited significantly higher levels of AAMA in urine, suggesting the importance of passive smoking as a source of AA exposure among children. Median (95th percentile) values of daily AA intake in Korean children were 1.04 (2.47)g/kgbodyweight/day, which is higher than those reported elsewhere. After adjustment for gender, body mass index, and smoking status of family members, the consumptions of cracker and chocolate were identified to be significantly associated with the concentrations of AAMA in urine. The result of this study will provide information useful for developing public health and safety management for AA.
Dioxin contamination of the food chain typically occurs when cocktails of combustion residues or polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) containing oils become incorporated into animal feed. These highly toxic compounds are bioaccumulative with small amounts posing a major health risk. The ability to identify animal exposure to these compounds prior to their entry into the food chain may be an invaluable tool to safeguard public health. Dioxin-like compounds act by a common mode of action and this suggests that markers or patterns of response may facilitate identification of exposed animals. However, secondary co-contaminating compounds present in typical dioxin sources may affect responses to compounds. This study has investigated for the first time the potential of a metabolomics platform to distinguish between animals exposed to different sources of dioxin contamination through their diet. Sprague-Dawley rats were given feed containing dioxin-like toxins from hospital incinerator soot, a common PCB oil standard and pure 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) (normalized at 0.1 g/kg TEQ) and acquired plasma was subsequently biochemically profiled using ultra high performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) quadropole time-of-flight-mass spectrometry (QTof-MS). An OPLS-DA model was generated from acquired metabolite fingerprints and validated which allowed classification of plasma from individual animals into the four dietary exposure study groups with a level of accuracy of 97-100%. A set of 24 ions of importance to the prediction model, and which had levels significantly altered between feeding groups, were positively identified as deriving from eight identifiable metabolites including lysophosphatidylcholine (16:0) and tyrosine. This study demonstrates the enormous potential of metabolomic-based profiling to provide a powerful and reliable tool for the detection of dioxin exposure in food-producing animals.
Little is known about the effect of preventive diets on colonic nutrient concentrations. This study randomized 120 persons at increased risk of colon cancer to a Mediterranean versus a Healthy Eating diet for six months. The former targeted increases in whole grains, fruits, vegetables, monounsaturated, and n3 fats. The Healthy Eating diet was based on Healthy People 2010 recommendations. At baseline, dietary fat and carotenoid intakes were poorly associated (Spearman  < 0.4) with serum and colon concentrations. Strong associations were observed between serum and colon measurements of -cryptoxanthin ( = 0.58; P < 0.001), -carotene ( = 0.48; P < 0.001), and -carotene ( = 0.45; P < 0.001). After six months, the Healthy Eating intervention increased serum lutein, -, and -carotene significantly (P < 0.05). In the Mediterranean arm, the significant increases were in serum lutein, -cryptoxanthin, -carotene, monounsaturated, and n3 fats. A significant group-by-time interaction (P = 0.03) was obtained for monounsaturated fats. Colonic increases in carotenoids and n3 fats were significant only in Healthy Eating arm, whereas the group-by-time interaction was significant for -carotene (P = 0.02) and -carotene (P = 0.03). Changes in colon concentrations were not significantly associated with reported dietary changes. Changes in colon and serum concentrations were strongly associated for -cryptoxanthin ( = 0.56; P < 0.001) and -carotene ( = 0.40; P < 0.001). The associations between colonic and serum concentrations suggest the potential use of using serum concentration as a target in dietary interventions aimed at reducing colon cancer risk.
BACKGROUND: Evidence for an association between calcium intake and risk of cardiovascular death remains controversial. By assessing dietary intake, use of supplements, and serum levels of calcium, we aimed to disentangle this link in the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES III). METHODS: Mortality linkage of NHANES III to death certificate data for those aged 17 years or older (n=20,024) was used to estimate risk of overall cardiovascular death as well as death from ischemic heart disease (IHD), acute myocardial infarction (AMI), heart failure (HF), and cerebrovascular disease (CD) with multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression analysis. RESULTS: About 10.0% of the population died of cardiovascular disease and the majority (5.4%) died of IHD. There was increased risk of overall CVD death for those in the bottom 5% of serum calcium compared to those in the mid 90% (HR: 1.51 (95% CI: 1.03-2.22)). For women there was a statistically significant increased risk of IHD death for those with serum calcium levels in the top 5% compared to those in the mid 90% (HR: 1.72 (95%CI: 1.13-2.61)), whereas in men, low serum calcium was related to increased IHD mortality (HR: 2.32 (95% CI 1.14-3.01), Pinteraction: 0.306). No clear association with CVD death was observed for dietary or supplemental calcium intake. CONCLUSIONS: Calcium as assessed by serum concentrations is involved in cardiovascular health, though differential effects by sex may exist. No clear evidence was found for an association between dietary or supplementary intake of calcium and cardiovascular death. 
The CDC's National Report on Biochemical Indicators of Diet and Nutrition in the U.S. Population (Nutrition Report) is a serial publication that provides ongoing assessment of the population's nutritional status. The Nutrition Report presents data on blood and urine biomarker concentrations (selected water- and fat-soluble vitamins and nutrients, trace elements, dietary bioactive compounds) from a representative sample of the population participating in the NHANES. The Second Nutrition Report (released in 2012) contains reference information (means and percentiles) for 58 biomarkers measured during all or part of 2003-2006, stratified by age, sex, and race-ethnicity. Where available, we presented cutoff-based prevalence data during 2003-2006 and data on changes in biomarker concentrations or prevalence since 1999. Blood vitamin concentrations were generally higher in older ( 60 y) than in younger (20-39 y) adults and lower in Mexican Americans and non-Hispanic blacks than in non-Hispanic whites. Nearly 80% of Americans (aged  6 y) were not at risk of deficiencies in any of the 7 vitamins studied (vitamins A, B-6, B-12, C, D, and E and folate). Deficiency rates varied by age, sex, and race-ethnicity. Approximately 90% of women (aged 12-49 y) were not at risk of iron deficiency, but only 68% were not at risk of deficiencies in iron and all 7 vitamins. Young women (20-39 y) had median urine iodine concentrations bordering on insufficiency. First-time data are presented on plasma concentrations of 24 saturated and mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids. Tabulation and graphical presentation of NHANES data in the Second Nutrition Report benefits those organizations involved in developing and evaluating nutrition policy.
OBJECTIVES: The goal of this cross-sectional study was to assess whether habitual coffee consumption shows beneficial association with metabolic syndrome (MetS) in adults. METHODS: The association of coffee consumption and MetS-related biomarkers including visceral fat area (VFA) and subcutaneous fat area (SFA), total serum adiponectin (T-Ad), low-molecular-weight serum adiponectin (LMW-AD), medium-molecular-weight serum adiponectin (MMW-Ad), and high-molecular-weight serum adiponectin (HMW-Ad) levels were analyzed among 364 Japanese men (36-61 y old) using two models of multivariate regression analyses; model 1 (adjusted for age, alcohol drinking, smoking, and walking status) and model 2 (adjusted for body mass index in addition to model 1 analysis). Participants were categorized into two groups according to their MetS risk score (raised blood pressure and hemoglobin A1c levels, and reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels). RESULTS: Both light (1-3 cups/d) and moderate (4 cups/d) coffee consumption showed significant inverse associations with VFA and VFA/SFA ratio (P < 0.0001). Moderate coffee consumption showed a favorable tendency toward these associations with T-Ad (P = 0.06) and HMW-Ad (P=0.07) levels in model 1 analysis. In participants with lower MetS risk score (1), moderate coffee consumption showed significant associations with T-Ad and HMW-Ad levels (P < 0.05) in both analyses, whereas no significant associations of coffee consumption with adiponectin levels were seen in the men with higher MetS risk scores (2). CONCLUSIONS: Habitual moderate coffee consumption shows significant inverse associations with MetS-related biomarkers possibly involving adiponectin, which is inversely related to visceral fat accumulation. 
Biomarkers of hydration change in response to acute dehydration; however, their responsiveness to changes in fluid intake volume, without exercise or heat exposure, has not been adequately described. Moreover, patterns of circadian variation in hydration biomarkers have not been established. The study aims were to (1) assess the response of hydration biomarkers to changes in daily water intake; and (2) evaluate circadian variation in urinary and salivary biomarkers. Fifty-two adults (24.8  3.1 years; 22.3  1.6 kg/m(2); 79 % female), grouped based on habitual fluid intake (low drinkers, n = 30, <1.2 L/day; high drinkers, n = 22, >2.0 L/day), completed a 5-day inpatient crossover trial. On days 1 and 2, low drinkers received 1.0 L/day of water while high drinkers received 2.5 L/day. On days 3 through 5, intake was reversed between groups. Plasma and saliva osmolality were assessed daily at predetermined times, and all urine produced over 24 h was collected in timed intervals. ANOVA with intake (1.0 vs. 2.5 L/day), day, and time revealed that (1) urine concentration (osmolality, specific gravity, color) and volume, but not plasma nor saliva osmolality, responded to changes in water intake; (2) urinary hydration biomarkers and saliva osmolality vary as a function of the time of day; and (3) urine osmolality measured in samples collected during the afternoon most closely reflects the corresponding 24 h value. Overall, urinary hydration biomarkers are responsive to changes in water intake, and stabilize within 24 h of modifying intake volume. Moreover, short afternoon urine collections may be able to replace 24 h collections for more convenience in hydration assessment.
An objective dietary biomarker would help clarify the contribution of sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) intake to obesity and chronic disease risk. Previous studies have proposed the carbon isotope ratio ((13)C) as a biomarker of SSB intake but found associations that were of modest size and confounded by other components of the diet. We investigated whether the (13)C values of nonessential amino acids ((13)CNEAA) in RBCs could provide valid biomarkers that are more specific to SSBs. We assessed the associations of RBC (13)CNEAA with SSB intake in a study population of 68 Yup'ik people, using gas chromatography/combustion/isotope ratio mass spectrometry to measure (13)CNEAA and four 24-h dietary recalls to assess intake. Among RBC nonessential amino acids, alanine (13)C ((13)Calanine) was strongly correlated with intake of SSBs, added sugar, and total sugar (r = 0.70, 0.59, and 0.57, respectively; P < 0.0001) but uncorrelated with other dietary sources of elevated (13)C. We also evaluated whether sweetener intake could be noninvasively assessed using hair (13)Calanine in a subset of the study population (n = 30). Hair (13)Calanine was correlated with RBC (13)Calanine (r = 0.65; P < 0.0001) and showed similar associations with SSB intake. These results show that (13)Calanine in RBCs provides a valid and specific biomarker of SSB intake for the Yup'ik population and suggest RBCs and hair (13)Calanine as candidate biomarkers of SSB intake for validation in the general U.S. population. Ultimately, these biomarkers could clarify our understanding of whether and how SSB intake contributes to chronic disease.
Adiponectin, an adipocyte-derived hormone has been implicated in the control of blood glucose and chronic inflammation in type 2 diabetes. However, limited studies have evaluated dietary factors on plasma adiponectin levels, especially among type 2 diabetic patients in Malaysia. The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of dietary glycemic index on plasma adiponectin concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. A cross-sectional study was conducted in 305 type 2 diabetic patients aged 19-75 years from the Penang General Hospital, Malaysia. Socio-demographic information was collected using a standard questionnaire while dietary details were determined by using a pre-validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Anthropometry measurement included weight, height, BMI and waist circumference. Plasma adiponectin concentrations were measured using a commercial ELISA kit. Data were analyzed using multiple linear regression. After multivariate adjustment, dietary glycemic index was inversely associated with plasma adiponectin concentrations ( =-0.272, 95% CI -0.262, - 0.094; p<0.001). It was found that in individuals who consumed 1 unit of foods containing high dietary glycemic index that plasma adiponectin level reduced by 0.3 g/mL. Thirty two percent (31.9%) of the variation in adiponectin concentrations was explained by age, sex, race, smoking status, BMI, waist circumference, HDL-C, triglycerides, magnesium, fiber and dietary glycemic index according to the multiple linear regression model (R2=0.319). These results support the hypothesis that dietary glycemic index influences plasma adiponectin concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes. Controlled clinical trials are required to confirm our findings and to elucidate the underlying mechanism.
Russia has very high mortality from cardiovascular disease (CVD), with evidence that heavy drinking may play a role. To throw further light on this association we have studied the association of alcohol with predictors of CVD risk including B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP). Levels of BNP increase primarily in response to abnormal cardiac chamber wall stretch which can occur both as a result of atherosclerosis as well as due to other types of damage to the myocardium. No previous population-based studies have investigated the association with alcohol. We analysed cross-sectional data on drinking behaviour in 993 men aged 25-60years from the Izhevsk Family Study 2 (IFS2), conducted in the Russian city of Izhevsk in 2008-2009. Relative to non-drinkers, men who drank hazardously had an odds ratio (OR) of being in the top 20% of the BNP distribution of 4.66 (95% CI 2.13, 10.19) adjusted for age, obesity, waist-hip ratio, and smoking. Further adjustment for class of hypertension resulted in only slight attenuation of the effect, suggesting that this effect was not secondary to the influence of alcohol on blood pressure. In contrast hazardous drinking was associated with markedly raised ApoA1 and HDL cholesterol levels, but had little impact on levels of ApoB and LDL cholesterol. Similar but less pronounced associations were found in the Belfast (UK) component of the PRIME study conducted in 1991. These findings suggest that the association of heavy drinking with increased risk of cardiovascular disease may be partly due to alcohol-induced non-atherosclerotic damage to the myocardium.
BACKGROUND: Folate plays a critical role in nucleotide synthesis and DNA methylation, and was considered to be associated with anti-carcinogenesis. RESULTS: from studies that concern the relationship between the folate intake or serum folate levels and lung cancer risk showed no consistency, which requires our further comprehensive meta-analysis. METHODS: Systematic literature search was conducted to identify the relevant studies (published prior to February 2013) according to standard protocol. Estimated effects were calculated under both random-effects and fixed-effects models. Heterogeneity between studies and publication bias were also evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 4390 cases and 6138 controls from 6 case-control studies revealed a significant overall inverse association between folate intake and lung cancer risk (OR = 0.74, 95%CI = 0.65 - 0.84, P < 0.001). Summary of 1438 cases and 2582 controls from 4 case-control studies and 44 cases out of a cohort of 1988 participants suggested a marginal association without significance (OR = 0.78, 95%CI = 0.60 - 1.02, P = 0.075) between high serum folate levels and less lung cancer susceptibility; however, subgroup analysis about population-based case-control studies showed that high serum folate levels significantly associated with the reduced lung cancer risk (OR = 0.76, 95%CI = 0.58 - 1.00, P = 0.048). CONCLUSION: Higher folate intake can be a protective factor against lung cancer risk, and higher serum folate level is probably associated with reduced lung cancer risk in marginal manner, though more studies are warranted to confirm these associations. 
BACKGROUND: The extent to which psychosocial and diet behavior factors affect dietary self-report remains unclear. We examine the contribution of these factors to measurement error of self-report. METHODS: In 450 postmenopausal women in the Women's Health Initiative Observational Study doubly labeled water and urinary nitrogen were used as biomarkers of objective measures of total energy expenditure and protein. Self-report was captured from food frequency questionnaire (FFQ), four day food record (4DFR) and 24 hr. dietary recall (24HR). Using regression calibration we estimated bias of self-reported dietary instruments including psychosocial factors from the Stunkard-Sorenson Body Silhouettes for body image perception, the Crowne-Marlowe Social Desirability Scale, and the Three Factor Eating Questionnaire (R-18) for cognitive restraint for eating, uncontrolled eating, and emotional eating. We included a diet behavior factor on number of meals eaten at home using the 4DFR. RESULTS: Three categories were defined for each of the six psychosocial and diet behavior variables (low, medium, high). Participants with high social desirability scores were more likely to under-report on the FFQ for energy (=-0.174, SE=0.054, p<0.05) and protein intake (=-0.142, SE=0.062, p<0.05) compared to participants with low social desirability scores. Participants consuming a high percentage of meals at home were less likely to under-report on the FFQ for energy (=0.181, SE=0.053, p<0.05) and protein (=0.127, SE=0.06, p<0.05) compared to participants consuming a low percentage of meals at home. In the calibration equations combining FFQ, 4DFR, 24HR with age, body mass index, race, and the psychosocial and diet behavior variables, the six psychosocial and diet variables explained 1.98%, 2.24%, and 2.15% of biomarker variation for energy, protein, and protein density respectively. The variations explained are significantly different between the calibration equations with or without the six psychosocial and diet variables for protein density (p=0.02), but not for energy (p=0.119) or protein intake (p=0.077). CONCLUSIONS: The addition of psychosocial and diet behavior factors to calibration equations significantly increases the amount of total variance explained for protein density and their inclusion would be expected to strengthen the precision of calibration equations correcting self-report for measurement error. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00000611. 
Mercury exposure is of particular concern since mercury is a neurotoxin and the developing fetus is most sensitive to its adverse effect. Human blood is routinely used as an indicator for the evaluation of human exposure to Hg. To investigate Hg species in human plasma for Hong Kong residents and the relationship between fish consumption and Hg species in plasma, 151 plasma samples were analyzed for Hg species. The mean values of total Hg (THg) and methyl-mercury (MeHg) concentration in plasma were 0.62 and 0.28 g/L, respectively. No significant differences were observed between females and males as well as among age groups. Fish consumption rate was significantly positively correlated with MeHg concentrations in plasma, which demonstrated that plasma could be a biomarker for human MeHg exposure. Two methods were used to estimate human MeHg exposure. One was based on fish MeHg content and fish consumption rate (EDI(Fish)), another was employed by converting MeHg concentration in blood to MeHg exposure amount (EDI(Blood)). A significant positive correlation was observed between EDI(Blood) and EDI(Fish), and no significant difference was found between EDI(Blood) and EDI(Fish). These results demonstrated that fish consumption was the major source of MeHg for humans.
AIMS: To assess the performance of a range of biomarkers of alcohol consumption in a heavy-drinking population of working-aged Russian men. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of men originally sampled at random from a population register. SETTING: Izhevsk, a Russian city with a population of 650000 people. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 1023 men aged 27-59 years living in Izhevsk who took part in a health check examination in 2008-2009. MEASUREMENTS: Self-reported alcohol consumption, hazardous drinking behaviours, socio-economic position, anthropometric measurements plus blood levels of alcohol biomarkers [carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and mean cell volume of erythrocytes (MCV)] and hepatitis B and C status. FINDINGS: In the year before interview there was a high prevalence of high-risk alcohol consumption indicated by consumption of non-beverage alcohols (5%), problem drinking behaviours (4.4%) and alcohol consumption exceeding an average 40g per day (12.6%). All biomarkers were associated strongly with total beverage alcohol consumption even after adjustment for confounders. CDT performed best as an alcohol biomarker, with a sensitivity of 67% and specificity of 71% for detecting an average consumption of more than 40g per day versus less. For all biomarkers sensitivity was considerably lower than specificity. Hazardous drinking patterns per se were not well detected by any of the biomarkers, all with sensitivity below 60%. CONCLUSIONS: In a Russian population with high levels of alcohol consumption, carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) might be the most sensitive and specific biomarker for detecting ethanol consumption above 40g/day. A biomarker reflecting hazardous drinking patterns has yet to be established. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: In sedentary adults, hydration is mostly influenced by total fluid intake and not by sweat losses; moreover, low daily fluid intake is associated with adverse health outcomes. This study aimed to model the relation between total fluid intake and urinary hydration biomarkers. SUBJECTS/METHODS: During 4 consecutive weekdays, 82 adults (age, 31.64.3 years; body mass index, 23.22.7kg/m(2); 52% female) recorded food and fluid consumed, collected one first morning urine (FMU) void and three 24-h (24hU) samples. The strength of linear association between urinary hydration biomarkers and fluid intake volume was evaluated using simple linear regression and Pearson's correlation. Multivariate partial least squares (PLS) modeled the association between fluid intake and 24hU hydration biomarkers. RESULTS: Strong associations (|r| &#8805; 0.6; P<0.001) were found between total fluid intake volume and 24hU osmolality, color, specific gravity (USG), volume and solute concentrations. Many 24hU biomarkers were collinear (osmolality versus color: r=0.49-0.76; USG versus color: r=0.46-0.78; osmolality versus USG: 0.86-0.97; P<0.001). Measures in FMU were not strongly correlated to intake. Multivariate PLS and simple linear regression using urine volume explained >50% of the variance in fluid intake volume (r(2)=0.59 and 0.52, respectively); however the error in both models was high and the limits of agreement very large. CONCLUSIONS: Hydration biomarkers in 24hU are strongly correlated with daily total fluid intake volume in sedentary adults in free-living conditions; however, the margin of error in the present models limits the applicability of estimating fluid intake from urinary biomarkers. 
Obesity, a chronic low-grade inflammatory condition is associated with the development of many comorbidities including dyslipidemia. This review examines interactions between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in the inflammatory genes tumor necrosis alpha (TNFA) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) and dietary fatty acids, and their relationship with obesity and serum lipid levels. In summary, dietary fatty acids, in particular saturated fatty acids and the omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids, impact the expression of the cytokine genes TNFA and IL-6, and alter TNF and IL-6 production. In addition, sequence variants in these genes have also been shown to alter their gene expression and plasma levels, and are associated with obesity, measures of adiposity and serum lipid concentrations. When interactions between dietary fatty acids and TNFA and IL-6 SNPs on obesity and serum lipid were analyzed, both the quantity and quality of dietary fatty acids modulated the relationship between TNFA and IL-6 SNPs on obesity and serum lipid profiles, thereby impacting the association between phenotype and genotype. Researching these diet-gene interactions more extensively, and understanding the role of ethnicity as a confounder in these relationships, may contribute to a better understanding of the inter-individual variability in the obese phenotype.
OBJECTIVE: To develop and validate a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) to estimate the genistein intake in a Malaysian population of pregnant women. METHOD: A single 24-h dietary recall was obtained from 40 male and female volunteers. A FFQ of commonly consumed genistein-rich foods was developed from these recalls, and a database of the genistein content of foods found in Malaysia was set up. The FFQ was validated against 7-d food diary (FD) kept by 46 pregnant women and against non-fasting serum samples obtained from 64 pregnant women. Reproducibility was assessed by comparing the responses on two FFQs administered approximately 1 month apart. RESULTS: The Pearson correlation coefficient between FFQ1 and FD was 0.724 and that between FFQ2 and FD was 0.807. Classification into the same or adjacent quintiles was 78% for FFQ1 versus FD and 88% for FFQ2 versus FD. A significant dose -- response relation was found between FFQ-estimated genistein intake and serum levels. CONCLUSION: The FFQ developed is a reliable, valid tool for categorising people by level of genistein intake. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Dietary patterns link to risks for chronic diseases. Few studies explore relationships between dietary patterns and kidney function in adult type 2 diabetes in Asian. METHODS: Diabetic patients (n = 635) were selected from a cohort participating in a diabetic control study in Taiwan. Three dietary patterns, high fat (meats, processed meats, seafood, fatty foods, eggs), vegetable and fish (light- or dark- colored vegetables, pond and marine fish) and traditional Chinese-snack (soy/gluten products, rice, noodles, root vegetables, nuts), were generated using factor analysis. Urinary albumin to creatinine (ACR), creatinine and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) served as clinical indicators of kidney function. RESULTS: After adjusting for confounders, tertile scores of vegetable and fish dietary patterns correlated significantly (p-trend = 0.032) and dose-responsively with multivariable-adjusted means of decreased creatinine and marginally with increased eGFR (p- trend = 0.065). Traditional Chinese-snack dietary pattern was marginally associated with creatinine (p-trend = 0.065) and eGFR (p-trend = 0.064). High fat dietary patterns did not correlate with any kidney function indicator. CONCLUSIONS: Healthy diets such as frequent intake of fish and vegetable may be related to indicators of better kidney function in type 2 diabetes. Further prospective studies with larger sample sizes and use of sensitive indicators for studying early renal function decline are needed to confirm this association. 
BACKGROUND & AIMS: Metabolic syndrome (MetS), characterized by abdominal obesity, atherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, and insulin resistance is a major public health concern in the United States. Omega-3 fatty acids have been relatively well studied in relation to many individual cardiovascular risk factors; however, their effects on MetS are not well established. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study consisting of 4941 participants from the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) Family Heart Study to assess the relation of dietary omega-3 fatty acids with the prevalence of MetS. Omega-3 intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire and we used generalized estimating equations to estimate adjusted odds ratios for prevalent MetS. RESULTS: Our study population had a mean age (SD) of 52.1 (13.9) years and 45.9% were men. The mean (SD) of dietary omega-3 fatty acids was 0.25 g/day (0.27). From the lowest to the highest quintile of dietary omega-3 fatty acids, multivariable adjusted ORs (95% CI) for MetS were 1.00 (ref), 0.90 (0.72-1.13), 1.03 (0.82-1.28), 0.94 (0.74-1.18), and 0.99 (0.77-1.25), respectively. In a secondary analysis, neither fish consumption nor dietary alpha-linolenic acid was associated with MetS. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings do not support an association between dietary omega-3 fatty acids and MetS in a large US population. 
UNLABELLED: Idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) results in increased right ventricular (RV) workload and oxygen demand. It has been shown that myocardial oxygen consumption (MVO2) of the hypertrophied right ventricle of IPAH patients can be measured using PET and (15)O-labeled tracers. This method is, however, not very suitable for routine clinical practice. The purpose of the present study was to assess whether MVO2 can also be determined in the right ventricle of IPAH patients from the clearance of (11)C-acetate, a simple method that is in use for MVO2 measurements of the left myocardium. METHODS: Seventeen of 26 IPAH patients performed the total PET study. Nine other patients were scanned only for (11)C-acetate. (15)O-H2O, (15)O-O2, and (15)O-CO scans were used to derive RV flow, oxygen extraction fraction, and blood volume, respectively, from which RV MVO2 was calculated. The rate of clearance determined by monoexponential curve fitting (K(mono)) and the efflux rate constant k2 were derived from the (11)C-acetate scan. The RV rate-pressure product was also determined by means of right heart catheterization, as an index of the RV MVO2, and was calculated as the product of systolic pulmonary artery pressure and heart rate. RESULTS: Both (11)C-acetate clearance rates, K(mono) (R(2) = 0.41, P = 0.006) and k2 (R(2) = 0.45, P = 0.003), correlated with RV MVO2. They also correlated with RV rate-pressure product (K(mono), R(2) = 0.41, P = 0.0005; k2, R(2) = 0.48, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: (11)C-acetate clearance rates correlated moderately with quantitative RV MVO2 measurements in IPAH. Therefore, (11)C-acetate PET can be used only as an index of RV oxidative metabolism in IPAH patients. 
OBJECTIVE: Maternal obesity significantly increases the susceptibility of offspring to develop obesity and chronic diseases in adulthood. The offspring of obese mothers are shown to prefer high fat diet (HFD) due to their altered neural circuitry, creating a 'feed-forward cycle' across generations. We hypothesized that the 'feed-forward cycle' caused by multigenerational HFD feeding would have exacerbated effects in adipose tissue of the offspring. METHODS: Three generations (F0, F1 and F2) of HFD (60% Kcal fat)-fed and corresponding normal chow (NC)-fed C57BL/6 mice were generated. Body weight (BW) and food intake were monitored weekly. Parametrial adipose tissue (pAT) weight and endocrine parameters were measured in 9-month-old female offspring. Gene expression microarray, quantitative RT-PCR and bisulfite sequencing were performed using pAT. RESULTS: BW and pAT weight increased in female mice across generations under continuous HFD stress, with the most severe phenotype found in the F2 generation. Genes involved in inflammatory response showed increased expression across generations in the pAT, accompanied by increased macrophage infiltration. The promoters of Toll-like receptor 1 (Tlr1), Tlr2 and linker for activation of T cells (Lat) were hypomethylated in the HF groups compared with the NC group, with additional hypomethylation on some specific CpG sites in the F2 generation. CONCLUSIONS: A feed-forward cycle exists in female mice after continuous HFD stress as demonstrated by increased adiposity and progressive inflammation in adipose tissue across generations. DNA hypomethylation over generations lead to epigenetically altered expression of Tlr1, Tlr2 and Lat, which may contribute to the inflammation in adipose tissue. Our study provides a potential mechanism for enhanced inflammation in adipose tissue under multigenerational HFD-fed stress. 
OBJECTIVE: Growing evidence indicates that metabolic syndrome is rooted in fetal life with a potential key role of nutrition during pregnancy. The objective of the study was to assess the possible associations between the dietary glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load (GL) during pregnancy and biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome in young adult offspring. METHODS: Dietary GI and GL were assessed by questionnaires and interviews in gestation week 30 and offspring were clinically examined at the age of 20 years. Analyses based on 428 mother-offspring dyads were adjusted for maternal smoking during pregnancy, height, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), education, energy intake, and the offspring's ambient level of physical activity. In addition, possible confounding by gestational diabetes mellitus was taken into account. OUTCOME MEASURES: Waist circumference, blood pressure, HOMA insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and plasma levels of fasting glucose, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, total cholesterol, insulin, and leptin were measured in the offspring. RESULTS: Significant associations were found between dietary GI in pregnancy and HOMA-IR (the relative increase in HOMA-IR per 10 units' GI increase was 1.09 [95% CI: 1.01, 1.16], p=0.02), insulin (1.09 [95% CI: 1.02, 1.16], p=0.01) and leptin (1.21 [95% CI: 1.06, 1.38], p=0.01) in the offspring; whereas no associations were detected for GL. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggests that high dietary GI in pregnancy may affect levels of markers for the metabolic syndrome in young adult offspring in a potentially harmful direction. 
The aim of this study was to investigate the association between maternal iron/zinc serum levels and their nutritional intake in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes. The maternal serum zinc/iron levels were measured in 1,033 healthy singleton pregnant women aged 20-35 between 14 and 20 weeks of gestation, within two groups: namely, normal and gestational diabetes, and participants were followed up to 24-28 weeks of gestation. Food frequency questionnaire was used to assess nutritional intakes of iron/zinc. The main outcome was gestational diabetes screened with the 50-g glucose challenge test and diagnosed with oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Gestational diabetes occurred in 72 (6.96 %) of 1,033 women in study. There was a statistical relationship between early pregnancy maternal serum iron and gestational diabetes, mean (SD), 143.8 (48.7) vs. 112.5 (83.5)g/dl, P value of <0.0001. There was no statistical significant difference in zinc levels and iron/zinc nutritional intake between groups. The results remained unchanged after using regression model for adjustment of potential risk factors with an adjusted OR of 1.006 (95 % CI 1.002 to 1.009; P=0.001) for early pregnancy maternal serum iron to cause gestational diabetes. The receiver-operator characteristic curve identified that a maternal serum iron above 100 g/dl in early pregnancy is the optimum cutoff value for predicting gestational diabetes, which showed a sensitivity and specificity of 80.6 and 50.7 %, respectively. In conclusion, high maternal serum iron in early pregnancy could increase the risk of gestational diabetes. Also, it could be used as a sensitive and specific predictor for gestational diabetes.
A challenge to biochemically monitoring alcohol consumption in pregnancy is the prohibitive costs of collecting thousands of blood samples. This pilot study looks at the feasibility of using residual samples to monitor chronic and acute alcohol consumption in pregnancy. Residual anomalies screening samples (n= 150, 2006/7) were tested for carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT, chronic marker) and ethyl glucuronide (EtG, acute marker). Valid readings were obtained for CDT but not EtG. These results pave the way for a larger representative study, to provide, for the first time, a national biochemical baseline estimate of chronic alcohol consumption in the pregnant population.
Acrylamide (AA) is a probable human carcinogen found in several foods. Little information is available regarding exposure of adolescents, a subgroup potentially consuming more AA-rich foods. We investigated the relationship between dietary AA intake and levels of biomarkers of exposure (urinary metabolites and hemoglobin adducts) in 195 non-smoking teenagers of Montreal Island aged 10-17 years. Dietary habits and personal characteristics were documented by questionnaire. AA and its metabolites were quantified in 12-h urine collections by LC-MS/MS. Hemoglobin adducts from 165 blood samples were also analyzed by LC-MS/MS. Most prevalent urinary metabolites were NACP and NACP-S, with respective geometric mean concentrations of 31.2 and 14.2mol/mol creatinine. Geometric mean concentrations of AAVal and GAVal (hemoglobin adducts of AA and glycidamide (GA) with N-terminal valine residues) were 45.4 and 45.6pmol/g globin, respectively. AA intake during the 2 days before urine collection was a significant predictor of NACP+NACP-S urinary concentrations (P<0.0001). AA intakes during the month before blood collection (P<0.0001) and passive smoking (P<0.05) were associated with adduct levels. Levels of hemoglobin adducts were above biomonitoring equivalent values corresponding to a 1  10(-4) excess cancer risk, which may indicate the need to reduce AA exposure in the population. 
Amaranth was identified as a possible component of an anti-sclerotic diet. To date, particular substances responsible for this effect have not been exactly specified. Squalene, which is contained in amaranth, could be responsible for this effect. However, there are also other potential substances and the hypolipidemic effect of amaranth can be caused by a synergistic effect of several components. This study investigated and compared the impact of amaranth flour and squalene on the total cholesterol (CHOL(TOT)) and LDL cholesterol (CHOL(LDL)) levels in mice with dyslipidemia induced by a cholesterol- and sugar-rich diet. The experiment included 40 inbred mice (C57Bl/6J SPF). After a 7-days acclimatization period, animals were divided into four groups by random. Individual groups were fed different diets for 49 days: control (group C), high energy diet (group HED), high energy diet with amaranth flour (group HED+A) and high energy diet with squalene (group HED+S). The sugar- and cholesterol-rich diet in HED resulted in the significant increase in the levels of CHOL(TOT) by 125% (P < 0.05) and CHOL(LDL) by 304% (P < 0.05), and at the same time in a decrease of HDL cholesterol (CHOL(HDL)) levels by 58% (P < 0.05) compared to group C. To the contrary, amaranth flour enriched diet in group HED+A led to a decrease of CHOL(TOT) levels by 33% (P < 0.05) and CHOL(LDL) by 37% (P < 0.05), compared to HED. Both, amaranth flour and squalene, had a positive impact on CHOL(HDL) levels. Compared to group HED, there was a 47% increase in HED+A and a 60% increase in HED+S. Results proved the favorable impact of amaranth flour on the levels of total cholesterol CHOL(TOT) and also on CHOL(LDL). Furthermore, the results imply that amaranth flour contains besides squalene other substances, which can actively participate in its hypolipidemic effect.
BACKGROUND: In developing countries, deficiencies in essential micronutrients are common, particularly in pregnant women. Although, biochemical indicators of diet and nutrition are useful to assess nutritional status, few studies have examined such indicators throughout pregnancy in women in developing countries. METHODS: The primary objective of this study was to assess the nutritional status of 78 Peruvian women throughout pregnancy for 16 different nutritional indicators including fat-soluble vitamins and carotenoids, iron-status indicators, and selenium. Venous blood samples from which serum was prepared were collected during trimesters one (n=78), two (n=65), three (n=62), and at term via the umbilical cord (n=52). Questionnaires were completed to determine the demographic characteristics of subjects. Linear mixed effects models were used to study the associations between each maternal indicator and the demographic characteristics. RESULTS: None of the women were vitamin A and E deficient at any stage of pregnancy and only 1/62 women (1.6%) was selenium deficient during the third trimester. However, 6.4%, 44% and 64% of women had ferritin levels indicative of iron deficiency during the first, second and third trimester, respectively. Statistically significant changes (p 0.05) throughout pregnancy were noted for 15/16 nutritional indicators for this Peruvian cohort, with little-to-no association with demographic characteristics. Three carotenoids (beta-carotene, beta-cryptoxanthin and trans-lycopene) were significantly associated with education status, while trans-lycopene was associated with age and beta-cryptoxanthin with SES (p <0.05). Concentrations of retinol, tocopherol, beta-cryptoxanthin, lutein + zeaxanthin and selenium were lower in cord serum compared with maternal serum (p <0.05). Conversely, levels of iron status indicators (ferritin, transferrin saturation and iron) were higher in cord serum (p <0.05). CONCLUSION: The increasing prevalence of iron deficiency throughout pregnancy in these Peruvian women was expected. It was surprising though not to find deficiencies in other nutrients. The results highlight the importance of continual monitoring of women throughout pregnancy for iron deficiency which could be caused by increasing fetal needs and/or inadequate iron intake as pregnancy progresses. 
Regular nut consumption may improve markers of inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The quantity of nuts required to achieve these health benefits without compromising body weight and acceptance is unknown. This study compared the effects of incorporating hazelnuts at 2 different doses with a diet without nuts on inflammatory markers, cell adhesion molecules, and body composition in 107 overweight and obese individuals. This was a randomized, controlled, parallel 12-wk intervention including 3 treatment arms: no nuts (control group), 30 g/d of hazelnuts, or 60 g/d of hazelnuts. Blood pressure, body composition, plasma high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1), vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), lipid, and apolipoprotein (apo) profiles were assessed at baseline and at 6 and 12 wk. "Desire" and "liking" for nuts were assessed during the intervention. Results showed no significant differences in follow-up clinical outcomes between groups after adjusting for baseline values, age, sex, and BMI (all P  0.10), except for a tendency toward improvement in VCAM-1 concentration in the 60-g/d nut group (P = 0.07). Hazelnut consumption significantly improved diet quality in a dose-response manner. Desire and liking for nuts remained stable in the 30-g/d group, whereas these ratings decreased significantly over time in the 60-g/d group (both P < 0.001). In conclusion, 12 wk of hazelnut consumption appears to have minimal effect on inflammatory markers and cell adhesion molecules in this group of healthy, normocholesterolemic overweight and obese individuals. Nut consumption improves diet quality without adversely affecting body composition. Consuming 30 g/d of nuts regularly is achievable, whereas 60 g/d appears to compromise desire and liking. 
The purpose of this study is to assess folate intake, and serum and red blood cell (RBC) folate concentrations, and investigate the association between folate status and health-related behaviors among Korean college students. A total of 169 students, aged between 18 and 27 years, participated in this study. Dietary intake data were collected by trained interviewers using a 24-hour recall method for three non-consecutive days in 2009. Information on health-related behaviors was obtained by a self-administered questionnaire. Serum and RBC folate concentrations were measured by microbiological assay. The average intakes of folate were 456 gDFE and 347 gDFE in male and female students, respectively. While the average serum folate concentration was significantly lower in male students (8.9 ng/mL) compared to female students (12.5 ng/mL), RBC concentrations were not significantly different between male (398.6 ng/mL) and female students (405.3 ng/mL). In male students, low serum folate concentrations were associated with total folate intake less than the Estimated Average Requirement, non-use of folic acid supplements, smoking, alcohol drinking at least once a week and low physical activity. In female students, low serum folate concentrations were associated with smoking and alcohol drinking at least two drinks at a time and BMI  25. Alcohol drinking and low physical activity were also associated with low RBC folate concentrations in both male and female students. In order to improve folate nutritional status of college students, the practice of desirable health-related behaviors, such as non-smoking, moderate alcohol drinking, regular physical activity, and maintenance of healthy BMI should be encouraged along with consumption of folate-rich foods and supplements.
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Fatty acids are important cellular constituents that may affect many metabolic processes relevant for the development of diabetes and its complications. We showed previously that vegetarian diet leads to greater increase in metabolic clearance rate of glucose (MCR) than conventional hypocaloric diet. The aim of this secondary analysis was to explore the role of changes in fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids in diet- and exercise-induced changes in MCR in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: Subjects with T2D (n=74) were randomly assigned into a vegetarian group (VG, n=37) following vegetarian diet or a control group (CG, n=37) following a conventional diet. Both diets were calorie restricted (-500kcalday(-1)). Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks of diet intervention and 24 weeks (subsequent 12 weeks of diet were combined with aerobic exercise). The fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids was measured by gas liquid chromatography. MCR was measured by hyperinsulinemic isoglycemic clamp. Visceral fat (VF) was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: Linoleic acid (LA; 18:2n6) increased in VG (P=0.04), whereas it decreased in CG (P=0.04) in response to dietary interventions. It did not change significantly after the addition of exercise in either group (group  time P<0.001). In VG, changes in 18:2n6 correlated positively with changes in MCR (r=+0.22; P=0.04) and negatively with changes in VF (r=-0.43; P=0.01). After adjustment for changes in body mass index, the association between 18:2n6 and MCR was no longer significant. The addition of exercise resulted in greater changes of phospholipid fatty acids composition in VG than in CG. CONCLUSION: We demonstrated that the insulin-sensitizing effect of a vegetarian diet might be related to the increased proportion of LA in serum phospholipids. 
SCOPE: The study aims to evaluate the status of dietary exposure to aflatoxin and fumonisin in young Tanzanian children, using previously validated biomarkers of exposure. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 148 children aged 12-22 months, were recruited from three geographically distant villages in Tanzania; Nyabula, Kigwa, and Kikelelwa. Plasma aflatoxin-albumin adducts (AF-alb) and urinary fumonisin B1 (UFB1) were measured by ELISA and LC-MS, respectively. AF-alb was detectable in 84% of children, was highest in fully weaned children (p < 0.01) with higher levels being associated with higher maize intake (p < 0.05). AF-alb geometric mean (95% CI) was 43.2 (28.7-65.0), 19.9 (13.5-29.2), and 3.6 (2.8-4.7) pg/mg albumin in children from Kigwa, Nyabula, and Kikelelwa, respectively. UFB1 was detectable in 96% of children and the level was highest in children who had been fully weaned (p < 0.01). The geometric UFB1 mean (95% CI) was 327.2 (217.1-493.0), 211.7 (161.1-278.1), and 82.8 (58.3-117.7) pg/mL in Kigwa, Nyabula, and Kikelelwa, respectively. About 82% of all the children were exposed to both mycotoxins. CONCLUSION: Young children in Tanzania are chronically exposed to both aflatoxin and fumonisin through contaminated diet, although the level of exposure varies markedly between the three villages studied. 
INTRODUCTION AND HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was the cross-cultural adaptation, validation, and psychometric evaluation in the Greek language of two self-reported instruments used for patients with pelvic floor disorders (PFDs): the Pelvic Floor Distress Inventory (PFDI-20) and the Pelvic Floor Impact Questionnaire (PFIQ-7). METHODS: For the cross-cultural adaptation, a multistep forward-back translation protocol was utilized. Evaluation of the psychometric properties of the questionnaires involved the assessment of validity, stability, internal consistency, and responsiveness. Validity, stability, and internal consistency were evaluated in women presenting with PFDs (group A), whereas responsiveness was assessed in women undergoing pelvic floor surgery (group B). RESULTS: A total of 100 women presenting with PFDs were included in Group A. A near excellent content/face validity was confirmed as assessed by the missing values criterion (0-5 %). Stability, as assessed by the intraclass correlation coefficient, showed almost perfect agreement with a mean ICC of 0.850 (PFDI-20) and 0.840 (PFIQ-7). Internal consistency was found to be high for both questionnaires (Cronbach's alpha > 0.8). Finally, 85 women underwent pelvic floor repair surgery and were included for the assessment of responsiveness (group B). Good to excellent responsiveness was found for the prolapse and urinary subscales of the questionnaires. However, poor responsiveness was found for the colorectal-anal scale of the PFDI-20, whereas the colorectal-anal scale of the PFIQ-7 proved to be nonresponsive to change. CONCLUSIONS: The Greek versions of PFDI-20 and PFIQ-7 were found to be comprehensible, valid, reliable, and responsive to use with patients complaining of PFDs. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Sphingolipids (SL) are important components of the milk fat globule membrane (MFGM) found in buttermilk. While studies in animal models suggest that dietary SL may have cholesterol-lowering properties, data in human are lacking. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of buttermilk consumption on plasma lipids and surrogate markers of cholesterol (C) homeostasis in humans. METHODS AND RESULTS: Men and women (n = 34) with serum LDL-C <5.0 mmol/L at screening (mean LDL-C = 3.8 mmol/L) were recruited in this double-blinded randomized crossover placebo controlled study. Their diets were supplemented with 45 g/d of buttermilk and with 45 g/d of a macro/micronutrient matched placebo (4 weeks each in random order). Serum lipid concentrations and surrogate markers of cholesterol homeostasis were measured post diet and compared using mixed models for repeated measures. Consumption of buttermilk led to reduction in serum cholesterol (-3.1%, P = 0.019), LDL-C (-3.1%, P = 0.057) and triacylglycerol (-10.7%, P = 0.007). Buttermilk consumption increased plasma lathosterol concentrations (+12.1%, P = 0.001), but multiple regression analysis indicated that variations in -sitosterol concentrations (P = 0.002) were the only significant predictor of the LDL-C response to buttermilk consumption. CONCLUSION: Buttermilk consumption may be associated with reduced cholesterol concentrations in men and women, primarily through inhibition of intestinal absorption of cholesterol. REGISTRATION NUMBER: This trial is registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01248026. 
BACKGROUND: Overweight or obese individuals with type 2 diabetes are encouraged to lose weight for optimal glucose management, yet many find this difficult. Determining whether alterations in dietary patterns irrespective of weight loss can aid glucose control has not been fully investigated. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis aiming to determine the effects of a Mediterranean diet compared to other dietary interventions on glycaemic control irrespective of weight loss. Electronic databases were searched for controlled trials that included a Mediterranean diet intervention. The interventions included all major components of the Mediterranean diet and were carried out in free-living individuals at high risk or diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. Network meta-analysis compared all interventions with one another at the same time as maintaining randomisation. Analyses were conducted within a Bayesian framework. RESULTS: Eight studies met the inclusion criteria, seven examined fasting blood glucose (n = 972), six examined fasting insulin (n = 1330) and three examined HbA1c (n = 487). None of the interventions were significantly better than the others in lowering glucose parameters. The Mediterranean diet reduced HbA1c significantly compared to usual care but not compared to the Palaeolithic diet. CONCLUSIONS: The effect of alterations in dietary practice irrespective of weight loss on glycaemic control cannot be concluded from the present review. The need for further research in this area is apparent because no firm conclusions about relative effectiveness of interventions could be drawn as a result of the paucity of the evidence. 
OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to explore and describe the reliability and validity of an instrument to measure preschool children's reactions to and coping with indoor noise at preschools or day care centres. DESIGN: Data were derived from an acoustical before and after intervention study providing repeated measurements. SETTING: The study was performed at seven preschools in Mlndal, Sweden. PARTICIPANTS: Children were recruited from these preschools and the final sample comprised 61 and 59 preschool children aged 4-5 years, with a response rate of 98% and 48% girls and 52% boys. Two children were excluded from analysis because they fell outside the age range. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: The instrument was developed based on a qualitative study performed in Swedish preschools. Questions pertained to preschool children's perception of noise when at school, their bodily and emotional reactions to it, non-specific symptoms and the coping strategies used by them to diminish the detrimental effects of the noise. RESULTS: Confirmative factor analysis yielded a three-factor model fitted to 10 items pertaining to angry reactions, symptoms and coping. The model fit was moderate to good (standardised root mean square residual=0.08, 0.12; adjusted goodness of fit=0.97/0.91) in the before and after conditions, respectively. The scales showed moderate to good reliability in terms of internal consistency, with an  ranging between 0.52 and 0.67, and was stronger in the before condition. Concurrent validity was strongest for symptoms by comparing groups based on bodily reaction (general and sound specific). CONCLUSIONS: Young children's emotional and bodily reactions to coping with noise can be reliably measured with this instrument. Like adults and older children, young children are able to distinguish between emotional reactions, bodily reactions, coping and unwell-being. Future research on larger groups of preschool children is needed to further refine the questions, in particular the questions pertaining to well-being. 
The aim of this article is to assess the potential relationships between TNF gene promoter methylation in peripheral white blood cells and central adiposity (truncal fat), metabolic features and dietary fat intake. A group of 40 normal-weight young women (21  3y; BMI 21.0  1.7 kg/m(2)) was included in this cross-sectional study. Anthropometric, biochemical and dietary data were assessed using validated procedures. DNA from white blood cells was isolated and 5-methylcytosine levels of the CpGs sites present in TNF gene promoter (from -170 to +359 pb) were analyzed by Sequenom EpiTyper. Those women with high truncal fat (52.3%) showed lower 5-methylcytosine levels (P<0.05) in the site CpG13 (at position +207) and CpG19 (+317 pb) of the TNF gene promoter when were compared to women with lower truncal adiposity. The methylation levels of CpG13 were also correlated with circulating TNF levels, which were higher in those women with greater truncal adiposity. In a linear regression model, truncal fat, HDL-cholesterol, insulin, plasma TNF, and daily n-6 PUFA intake explained the methylation levels of CpG13 site +207 by 48% and the average of CpG13 and CpG19 by 43% (P<0.001). In conclusion, women with higher truncal fat showed lower methylation levels of TNF promoter in peripheral white blood cells and higher plasma TNF concentrations. DNA methylation levels of TNF promoter were associated with some metabolic features and with n-6 PUFA intake, suggesting a complex nutriepigenomic network in the regulation of this recognized pro-inflammatory marker.
The main risk factors for Alzheimer's disease, age and the 4 allele of the APOE gene (APOE4), might modify the metabolism of n-3 PUFAs and in turn, their impact on cognition. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between dietary fat and plasma concentrations of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in elderly persons, taking the APOE4 genotype into account. The sample was composed of 1,135 participants from the Three-City study aged 65 years and over, of whom 19% were APOE4 carriers. Mean plasma proportions of EPA [1.01%, standard deviation (SD) 0.60] and DHA (2.41%, SD 0.81) did not differ according to APOE4. In multivariate models, plasma EPA increased with frequency of fish consumption (P < 0.0001), alcohol intake (P = 0.0006), and female gender (P = 0.02), and decreased with intensive consumption of n-6 oils (P = 0.02). The positive association between fish consumption and plasma DHA was highly significant whatever the APOE genotype (P < 0.0001) but stronger in APOE4 noncarriers than in carriers (P = 0.06 for interaction). Plasma DHA increased significantly with age (P = 0.009) in APOE4 noncarriers only. These findings suggest that dietary habits, gender, and APOE4 genotype should be considered when designing interventions to increase n-3 PUFA blood levels in older people. 
Polyphenols might have a role in the prevention of several chronic diseases, but evaluating total dietary polyphenol (TDP) intake from self-reported questionnaires is inaccurate and unreliable. A promising alternative is to use total urinary polyphenol (TUP) concentration as a proxy measure of intake. The current study evaluated the relationship between TUPs and TDPs and all-cause mortality during a 12-y period among older adult participants. The study population included 807 men and women aged 65 y and older from the Invecchiare in Chianti study, a population-based cohort study of older adults living in the Chianti region of Tuscany, Italy. TUP concentrations were measured at enrolment (1998-2000) using the Folin-Ciocalteau assay after a solid-phase extraction. TDPs were also estimated at baseline throughout a validated food frequency questionnaire and using our database based on USDA and Phenol-Explorer databases. We modeled associations using Kaplan-Meier survival and Cox proportional hazards models, with adjustment for potential confounders. During the 12-y follow-up, 274 participants (34%) died. At enrollment, TUP excretion adjusted for age and sex tended to be greater in participants who survived [163  62 mg gallic acid equivalents (GAE)/d)] than in those who died (143  63 mg GAE/d) (P = 0.07). However, no significant differences were observed for TDPs. In the multivariable Cox model, participants in the highest tertile of TUP at enrolment had a lower mortality rate than those in the lowest tertile [HR = 0.70 (95% CI: 0.49-0.99); P-trend = 0.045], whereas no significant associations were found between TDP and overall mortality. TUP is an independent risk factor for mortality among community-dwelling older adults, suggesting that high dietary intake of polyphenols may be associated with longevity. 
The purpose of the present literature review was to investigate and summarize the current evidence on associations between dietary patterns and biomarkers of inflammation, as derived from epidemiological studies. A systematic literature search was conducted using PubMed, Web of Science, and EMBASE, and a total of 46 studies were included in the review. These studies predominantly applied principal component analysis, factor analysis, reduced rank regression analysis, the Healthy Eating Index, or the Mediterranean Diet Score. No prospective observational study was found. Patterns identified by reduced rank regression as being statistically significantly associated with biomarkers of inflammation were almost all meat-based or "Western" patterns. Studies using principal component analysis or a priori-defined diet scores found that meat-based or "Western-like" patterns tended to be positively associated with biomarkers of inflammation, predominantly C-reactive protein, while vegetable- and fruit-based or "healthy" patterns tended to be inversely associated. While results of the studies were inconsistent, interventions with presumed healthy diets resulted in reductions of almost all investigated inflammatory biomarkers. In conclusion, prospective studies are warranted to confirm the reported findings and further analyze associations, particularly by investigating dietary patterns as risk factors for changes in inflammatory markers over time. 
BACKGROUND: The consumption pattern characterized by high consumption of vegetables, fruit, fish, olive oil and red wine has been associated with improvements in the total antioxidant capacity of individuals and reduced incidence of diseases related to oxidation. Also, high body iron levels may contribute to increase the oxidative stress by the generation of reactive oxygen species. The objective of this study is to analyze the relationship between antioxidant and pro-oxidant factors obtained from the diet and iron biomarkers on lipoprotein oxidation and total antioxidant capacity in a representative sample of the Mediterranean population. METHODS: Cross-sectional prospective study, carried out with 815 randomly selected subjects (425 women and 390 men). Dietary assessment (3-day food records), iron biomarkers (serum ferritin, serum iron and transferrin saturation), biochemical markers of lipoperoxidation (TBARS), antioxidant capacity (ORAC) and CRP (C-Reactive Protein) were determined. Multiple Linear Regression (MLR) models were applied to analyze the association between diet factors and iron biomarkers on TBARS and ORAC levels. RESULTS: We observed that lipoperoxidation measured by TBARS increased by age but no differences were observed by sex. Antioxidant capacity measured by ORAC is independent of age and sex. In general, increasing age, tobacco, heme iron intake from meat and fish and transferrin saturation were independently and positively associated with TBARS, while non-heme iron was negatively associated. Vegetables, vitamin C intake and serum ferritin were positively associated with ORAC, whereas saturated fatty acids and meat intake were negatively associated. CONCLUSIONS: In our general population, we observed that oxidative stress is related to aging, but antioxidant capacity is not. The highest intake of dietary non-heme iron, vegetables and vitamin C intake exerts a protective effect against oxidation while the highest intake of dietary heme iron from meat and fish and saturated fatty acids are associated with increased oxidative stress. High levels of circulating iron measured by transferrin saturation are associated with increased oxidative stress in women however its association with the higher levels of serum ferritin is controversial. 
The first aim of the study was to evaluate calculated dietary intake and concentrations measured in blood or urine of essential and toxic elements in relation to nutritional and toxicological reference values. The second aim was to identify patterns of the element concentrations in blood and urine and to identify possible dietary determinants of the concentrations of these elements. Adults with a known high consumption of environmental contaminants (n=111), and a random sample of controls (n=76) answered a validated food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Complete data on biological measures were available for 179 individuals. Blood and urine samples were analyzed for selenium, iodine, arsenic, mercury, cadmium and lead. Principal component analysis was used to identify underlying patterns of correlated blood and urine concentrations. The calculated intakes of selenium, iodine, inorganic arsenic and mercury were within guideline levels. For cadmium 24% of the high consumer group and 8% of the control group had intakes above the tolerable weekly intake. Concentrations of lead in blood exceeded the bench-mark dose lower confidence limits for some participants. However, overall, the examined exposures did not give rise to nutritional or toxicological concerns. Game consumption was associated with lead in blood (B(ln) 0.021; 95%CI:0.010, 0.031) and wine consumption. Seafood consumption was associated with urinary cadmium in non-smokers (B(ln) 0.009; 95%CI:0.003, 0.015). A novel finding was a distinct pattern of positively associated biological markers, comprising iodine, selenium, arsenic and mercury (eigenvalue 3.8), reflecting seafood intake (B 0.007; 95%CI:0.004, 0.010). The study clearly demonstrates the significance of seafood as a source of both essential nutrients and toxic elements simultaneously and shows that exposure to various essential and toxic elements can be intertwined.
This work aimed to identify a combination of isotopic and molecular biomarkers in bovine muscle and adipose tissue for authentication of the diet of beef cattle. Muscle and adipose tissue samples were collected from animals one of four dietary treatments fed over a 1 year period : pasture (P), barley-based concentrate (C), silage followed by pasture (SiP) or silage followed by pasture with concentrate (SiPC). In total, 83 variables were studied including volatile compounds, colour and reflectance measurements, stable isotope ratios, fatty acids, -carotene, lutein and -tocopherol. Chemometric models were created for each dietary treatment using the entire and an attenuated variable set. Meat from each dietary treatment was identified with a high level of accuracy (correct classification between 90.8% and 100%) using a discriminant approach. After elimination of insignificant variables, accuracy was maintained or marginally improved. SIMCA class-modelling performed moderately well, especially with the reduced variable set (76.1-100% correct classification).
OBJECTIVE: There is evidence that high-protein foods increase satiety and may aid weight loss, yet little is known of differential effects of protein composition. The aim of the study was to compare the acute effects of 4 whey proteins on satiety and food intake and to evaluate possible relationships with postprandial serum amino acid concentrations. METHODS: Isoenergetic high-protein shakes (1 MJ) containing 25 g whey protein were given to 18 lean male participants using a crossover design. Three protein fractions identified as satiating in a rat model, glycomacropeptide (GMP), beta-lactoglobulin (-lac), and colostrum whey protein concentrate (WPC), were compared with a WPC control. A standardized 2.5MJ breakfast was given at 0830 hours, followed by the preload beverages at 1130 hours. Participants rated appetite sensations using visual analogue scales (VAS) prior to the beverage (baseline, 0 minutes) and then at 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, 150, and 210 minutes. Energy and macronutrient intake was measured by covert weighing of an ad libitum lunch meal at 90 minutes. Repeat blood samples were collected via venous cannulation. RESULTS: Serum amino acid (a.a.) concentrations differed between whey fractions (p=0.012) and were higher following GMP compared to -lac (p=0.051) and colostrum WPC (p=0.044) but not the WPC control (p=0.20). There was no difference in VAS-rated hunger, satisfaction, or thoughts of food between whey fractions, but fullness did differ (p=0.032) and was highest following the -lac beverage. Energy intake was not suppressed relative to control by any of the 3 whey fractions. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that total serum a.a. concentration was a poor indicator of satiety, with little evidence of differential satiety between these whey proteins other than a modest enhancement of fullness by -lac. 
Improving the quality of alcohol-related care requires practical approaches to assessing alcohol consumption to guide management and monitor outcomes. Given the increasing use of alcohol screening questionnaires to identify alcohol misuse it would be ideal if scores on screening questionnaires were also indicators of average alcohol consumption. However, the questionnaires were not designed for this purpose and include dimensions of drinking that may not reflect average consumption (e.g. heavy episodic drinking, alcohol-related problems). In a general population sample, scores on the AUDIT-C screen correlated with reports of alcohol consumption in detailed interviews, but the relationship is unknown for clinical populations and other questionnaires. Serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) is a biomarker routinely obtained in clinical care and is known to rise with average alcohol consumption. This cross-sectional study of 11,175 male U.S. Veterans Affairs patients enrolled in a primary care study used HDL as an objective biomarker to evaluate whether average alcohol consumption increased as scores increased on 3 brief alcohol screens - the AUDIT-C, AUDIT Question #3 (a single-item screen), and the CAGE questionnaire. Mean HDL progressively increased as screening scores increased for the AUDIT-C and AUDIT Question #3: about 12mg/dL from the lowest to the highest scores. The association was much weaker for the CAGE questionnaire. Results were minimally affected by adjustment for covariates (e.g. age, race, medical comorbidity, smoking, medication count, and depression) but the association was modified (p=0.008) and mildly attenuated by adherent use of lipid-lowering medications. This study using HDL as a biomarker of average alcohol consumption adds to evidence that some alcohol screening scores may also serve as scaled markers of average alcohol consumption. 
PURPOSE: To evaluate how long-term dietary intake of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3 PUFAs), estimated by repeated food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) over 15 years, is correlated with LCn-3 PUFAs in adipose tissue (AT). METHODS: Subcutaneous adipose tissue was obtained in 2003-2004 (AT-03) from 239 randomly selected women, aged 55-75 years, after completion of a 96-item FFQ (FFQ-03). All participants had previously returned an identical FFQ in 1997 (FFQ-97) and a 67-item version in 1987-1990 (FFQ-87). Pearson product-moment correlations were used to evaluate associations between intake of total and individual LCn-3 PUFAs as estimated by the three FFQ assessments and AT-03 content (% of total fatty acids). RESULTS: FFQ-estimated mean relative intake of LCn-3 PUFAs (% of total fat intake) increased between all three assessments (FFQ-87, 0.55  0.34; FFQ-97, 0.74  0.64; FFQ-03, 0.88  0.56). Validity, in terms of Pearson correlations between FFQ-03 estimates and AT-03 content, was 0.41 (95% CI 0.30-0.51) for total LCn-3 PUFA and ranged from 0.29 to 0.48 for individual fatty acids; lower correlation was observed among participants with higher percentage body fat. With regard to long-term intake estimates, past dietary intake was also correlated with AT-03 content, with correlation coefficients in the range of 0.21-0.33 and 0.21-0.34 for FFQ-97 and FFQ-87, respectively. The correlations were improved by using average estimates from two or more FFQ assessments. Exclusion of fish oil supplement users (14%) did not alter the correlations. CONCLUSION: These data indicate reasonable validity of FFQ-based estimates of long-term (up to 15 years) LCn-3 PUFA intake, justifying their use in studies of diet-disease associations. 
Observations among former American residents living long-term in Peru suggested that hair health improved while in Peru. To determine if a Peruvian diet correlates with hair composition, dietary intake of nutrients and mineral content of hair were measured among Peruvian and matched US residents. Selected foods from Peru were also analyzed for mineral and antioxidant content and compared with equivalent foods available in the USA. Statistically significant differences between Peruvian and US residents' hair were found for sodium (decreased in Peru, p = 0.007) and vanadium (decreased in Peru, p = 0.03). Differences in hair composition between residencies may be explained by lower dietary sodium and vanadium intake among Peruvian residents or by lower concentrations of these minerals in Peruvian drinking water. Many significant mineral differences were also identified between Peruvian foods and their US equivalents. Although no statistically significant correlations between dietary intake and hair mineral content were found, results indicate that a Peruvian diet contributes differently to hair composition than a US diet. More research is needed to elucidate the link between a Peruvian diet and specific aspects of hair health.
OBJECTIVE: Cortisol has been associated with preferential visceral adipose tissue (VAT) deposition; however, findings in humans are mixed, which may be clarified when diet is considered. DESIGN AND METHODS: Participants included 165 African-American and Latino, overweight adolescents (BMI% 97.23.2%, ages 13-18, 67% Latino, 66% female). Body composition was determined by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, abdominal fat depots [VAT, subcutaneous (SAT)] by multiple-slice MRI, time-controlled serum sample to measure cortisol, and 2-day multi-pass 24-hour dietary recall. Linear regression analysis examined the cross-sectional relationship between cortisol, and the interaction of diet and cortisol on adiposity measures. Sex, race, age, and total body fat were a priori covariates. RESULTS: There was a significant interaction between cortisol and sugar (total and added) in the prediction of VAT (P(interaction) 0.05). Amongst participants with high total or added-sugar intake, cortisol was significantly associated with VAT (=0.031 P<0.001; =0.026 P<0.001), with no relationship in low consumers of total or added-sugar. CONCLUSION: Dietary sugar may play an important role in modifying the relationship between cortisol and VAT, such that cortisol is significantly associated with elevated VAT under conditions of high sugar intake. 
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Systolic BP and large elastic artery stiffness both increase with age and are reduced by dietary sodium restriction. Production of the natriuretic hormone marinobufagenin, an endogenous 1 Na+,K+-ATPase inhibitor, is increased in salt-sensitive hypertension and contributes to the rise in systolic BP during sodium loading. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: The hypothesis was that dietary sodium restriction performed in middle-aged/older adults (eight men and three women; 60  2 years) with moderately elevated systolic BP (139  2/83  2 mmHg) would reduce urinary marinobufagenin excretion as well as systolic BP and aortic pulse-wave velocity (randomized, placebo-controlled, and crossover design). This study also explored the associations among marinobufagenin excretion with systolic BP and aortic pulse-wave velocity across conditions of 5 weeks of a low-sodium (77  9 mmol/d) and 5 weeks of a normal-sodium (144  7 mmol/d) diet. RESULTS: Urinary marinobufagenin excretion (weekly measurements; 25.4  1.8 versus 30.7  2.1 pmol/kg per day), systolic BP (127  3 versus 138  5 mmHg), and aortic pulse-wave velocity (700  40 versus 843  36 cm/s) were lower during the low- versus normal-sodium condition (all P<0.05). Across all weeks, marinobufagenin excretion was related with systolic BP (slope=0.61, P<0.001) and sodium excretion (slope=0.46, P<0.001). These associations persisted during the normal- but not the low-sodium condition (both P<0.005). Marinobufagenin excretion also was associated with aortic pulse-wave velocity (slope=0.70, P=0.02) and endothelial cell expression of NAD(P)H oxidase-p47phox (slope=0.64, P=0.006). CONCLUSIONS: These results show, for the first time in humans, that dietary sodium restriction reduces urinary marinobufagenin excretion and that urinary marinobufagenin excretion is positively associated with systolic BP, aortic stiffness (aortic pulse-wave velocity), and endothelial cell expression of the oxidant enzyme NAD(P)H oxidase. Importantly, marinobufagenin excretion is positively related to systolic BP over ranges of sodium intake typical of an American diet, extending previous observations in rodents and humans fed experimentally high-sodium diets. 
SCOPE: In this study, food is suggested as a major source of human exposure to perfluorinated alkyl acids (PFAA). We investigated relations between serum levels of PFAA in adults and diet/lifestyle factors nationwide in Sweden. METHODS AND RESULTS: In 2010-2011, adults (18-80 years, N = 270) recorded their diet for 4 days and answered a food frequency questionnaire. PFAA were measured in blood serum as well as v-3 fatty acids in plasma phospholipids as a biomarker for fish consumption. Higher levels of PFAA were associated with male sex, increased age, and higher education. Women reporting full breastfeeding for 12 months had 32-44% lower levels of perfluorooctane sulfonate, perfluorooctanoic acid, and perfluorohexane sulfonate than women who never nursed their infants full-time. Serum perfluorooctane sulfonate, perfluorononanoic acid, perfluorodecanoic acid, and perfluoroundecanoic acid were positively related to n-3 fatty acids in plasma (partial r = 0.19-0.34, p  0.05). CONCLUSION: The relatively strong correlations between biomarkers of fish consumption and certain PFAA suggest that PFAA exposure should be taken into account in health risk and benefit assessment of fish consumption. Breastfeeding appears to be a major source of elimination of certain PFAA among women, and consequently PFAA exposure of nursed infants could be significant. 
OBJECTIVE Energy intake, energy density, and nutrient intakes are implicated in type 2 diabetes risk in adults, but little is known about their influence on emerging type 2 diabetes risk in childhood. We examined these associations in a multiethnic population of children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This was a cross-sectional study of 2,017 children predominantly of white European, South Asian, and black African-Caribbean origin aged 9-10 years who had a detailed 24-h dietary recall and measurements of body composition and provided a fasting blood sample for measurements of plasma glucose, HbA1c, and serum insulin; homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance was also derived. RESULTS Energy intake was positively associated with insulin resistance. After the removal of 176 participants with implausible energy intakes (unlikely to be representative of habitual intake), energy intake was more strongly associated with insulin resistance and was also associated with glucose and fat mass index. Energy density was also positively associated with insulin resistance and fat mass index. However, in mutually adjusted analyses, the associations for energy intake remained while those for energy density became nonsignificant. Individual nutrient intakes showed no associations with type 2 diabetes risk markers. CONCLUSIONS Higher total energy intake was strongly associated with high levels of insulin resistance and may help to explain emerging type 2 diabetes risk in childhood. Studies are needed to establish whether reducing energy intake produces sustained favorable changes in insulin resistance and circulating glucose levels. 
BACKGROUND: Excess salt intake increases blood pressure (BP). Identifying individuals with excess salt intake is, therefore, important for the prevention of hypertension. AIM: To examine the predictive value of subjective evaluation of salty foods intake for the risk of incident hypertension in a middle-aged population. METHODS: A total of 970 non-hypertensive workers (mean age, 44  6 years) was followed for a maximum period of 4 years, and their BP was measured annually. At baseline, all participants were asked about their subjective frequency of salty foods intake (seldom, sometimes or always), and they were divided into three groups according to their answers. Hypertension was defined as systolic/diastolic BP  140/90 mmHg or use of antihypertensive medications. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the 4-year cumulative incident rate of hypertension among the 'seldom', 'sometimes' and 'always' groups (15.8%, 14.3% and 10.3%, respectively, log-rank test P = 0.44). In a multivariate Cox proportional hazards model, age, body mass index and the baseline BP category were independent predictors for developing hypertension, whereas the frequency of salty foods intake was not a predictor (adjusted hazard ratio (95% confidence interval), 0.99 (0.64-1.54) in the 'sometimes' group and 0.64 (0.33-1.28) in the 'always' group as compared with the 'seldom' group). CONCLUSION: The subjective evaluation of salty foods intake did not predict the 4-year risk of incident hypertension in this study population. Further investigations with a longer follow-up period are needed to clarify whether the present insignificant results are maintained for more than 4 years. 
BACKGROUND: The present study reports on the development and first steps of validation of the Gastrointestinal Side Effects Questionnaire (GISEQ), a measure of patient-reported gastrointestinal symptoms following local radiotherapy to the prostate. The questionnaire design provides a novel approach of assessment of side effects of prostate radiotherapy, by enabling measurement of patient-perceived change in symptoms. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The eight-item GISEQ was administered to 130 prostate cancer patients referred to radiotherapy. Patients completed the GISEQ at four, eight and 15 weeks after start of radiotherapy. The psychometric properties including validity, reliability, responsiveness and feasibility were evaluated. The EORTC QLQ-C30 and QLQ-PR25 were chosen as comparative measures. RESULTS: Expert opinion supported content validity. For concurrent validity, correlation between the GISEQ and matching items in the EORTC questionnaires was moderate but significant (r > 0.41, p < 0.001). The responsiveness was adequate, indicated by changes in GISEQ scores over time corresponding to the effects of radiation. Internal consistency was satisfactory (overall Cronbach's > 0.70). Sensitivity and specificity for items diarrhea, constipation and blood in stools ranged from 50% to 100% and from 68% to 100%, respectively. All items had a floor effect above 15%. The response rates ranged from 85% to 92% and missing items was < 0.8%, indicating good feasibility. CONCLUSIONS: The GISEQ showed satisfactory internal consistency and adequate content validity, concurrent validity and responsiveness. It is brief, easy to use and can be quickly evaluated, making it useful not only for research but possibly also for clinical settings. Modification of response scale and extension of items are potential improvements. Further work is needed to strengthen the psychometric qualities of the GISEQ and to evaluate its clinical use and potential effects of response shift and recall bias. 
Nutritional interventions targeting homocysteine remain controversial, and further nutritional research is warranted. We thus sought to explore the determinants of plasma homocysteine other than B-group vitamins. This cross-sectional study surveyed the nutritional status of 713 Japanese postmenopausal women using a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Associations between total energy, protein, fat, carbohydrate, and vitamin A and K intakes and homocysteine were insignificant. Mean homocysteine in the second (536.1  34.7 mg/day) and third (712.9  115.6 mg/day) tertiles of calcium intake were lower than in the first tertile (379.6  76.6 mg/day) by -0.57 nmol/mL (95 % confidence interval, -1.10 to-0.04, p = 0.04) and -1.18 nmol/mL (-1.76 to -0.60, p<0.01), respectively, after adjustment for lifestyle and clinical factors (trend p\0.01). Mean homocysteine in those with dietary calcium intake above the median (>536 mg/day) were lower regardless of the folic acid concentration; the differences were -1.59 nmol/mL (-2.33 to -0.85, p = 0.02) and -0.75 nmol/mL (-1.37 to-0.12, p<0.01) for the high (<7.8 ng/mL) and low folic acid groups, respectively. There was no significant association between calcium and folic acid (p = 0.08). In conclusion, further prospective research to confirm our findings is needed for the development of nutritional inventions targeting homocysteine.
There is abundant evidence that sodium intake is related to blood pressure. However, the relationship varies between individuals and is probably determined by renal sodium handling. We investigated clinic and ambulatory blood pressure in relation to interactions between sodium dietary intake and renal handling, as assessed by 24-hour urinary sodium excretion and endogenous lithium clearance, respectively. We calculated fractional excretion of lithium and fractional distal reabsorption rate of sodium, as markers of proximal and distal sodium handling, respectively. The 766 subjects included 379 men and 478 ambulatory hypertensive patients. They were never treated (n=697) or did not take antihypertensive medication for 2 weeks (n=69). In adjusted analyses, none of the associations of urinary sodium excretion, fractional excretion of lithium, and fractional distal reabsorption rate of sodium with clinic or ambulatory blood pressure were statistically significant (P0.09). However, there was significant (P=0.01) interaction between urinary sodium excretion and fractional excretion of lithium in relation to nighttime diastolic blood pressure. In tertile 3 but not tertiles 1 and 2 of fractional excretion of lithium, nighttime diastolic pressure was positively associated with urinary sodium excretion (P=0.03). However, nighttime diastolic pressure was higher in tertile 1 than tertile 3 of fractional excretion of lithium (+2.0 mm Hg; P=0.01), especially in the bottom tertile of urinary sodium excretion (+4.9 mm Hg; P<0.001). Similar trends were observed for nighttime systolic pressure and clinic and 24-hour diastolic pressure. In conclusion, sodium dietary intake and proximal tubular handling interact to be associated with blood pressure. 
BACKGROUND: The associations among dietary zinc intakes and biomarkers of zinc status are unknown in apparently healthy children at high risk for zinc deficiency. OBJECTIVE: To assess associations among zinc-related parameters in a sample of Guatemalan school-aged children. METHODS: We assessed total dietary intakes and biomarkers of zinc status before and after receiving 6 months of zinc supplementation or placebo in 691 Guatemalan schoolchildren aged 6 to 11 years. Most of the children also received zinc-fortified milk from a government program that started shortly after the trial began. We assessed associations between zinc intakes and serum zinc, alkaline phosphatase (ALP), and albumin. RESULTS: At baseline, the prevalence of serum zinc < 65 microg/dL and dietary zinc intake below Estimated Average Requirements (EAR) (< 4 and < 7 mg/day for children < 9 and > or = 9 years, respectively) were 21.6% and 39.4%, respectively. Pearson correlations between serum zinc concentration and dietary zinc intake, serum ALP, and serum albumin were r = 0.07, 0.15, and 0.07, respectively. At the 6-month follow-up, low serum zinc and low total (diet plus fortified milk) zinc intakes were observed in 1.2% and 0.0% of children in the zinc-supplemented group and 4.0% and 34.1% in the placebo group, respectively. Pearson correlations between serum zinc concentration and total zinc intake, serum ALP, and serum albumin were 0.10, 0.06, and -0.11 in the zinc-supplemented group and -0.04, 0.05, and 0.01 in the placebo group, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Zinc intake was inconsistently associated with markers of serum zinc concentration. Zinc fortification or supplementation attenuated the associations. 
The effect of different dietary levels of selenium (Se) and vitamin E on egg production, the antioxidant status and the immune system response of hens was investigated in the current study. A total of 32 Lohman Brown hens were divided into four groups and were fed diets with 5% of soybean oil and two levels of Se (0.15 and 0.30 mg/kg) and vitamin E (30 and 60 mg/kg). During 10 weeks of experimental feeding, the body weights of hens and egg production were similar in all dietary treatments, but a higher Se content of diets contributed to a significant increase in egg weight. A higher vitamin E level significantly increased alpha-tocopherol concentrations (2.71 vs. 2.05 microg/mL, p = 0.001), superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity (43.3 vs. 39.9 U/mL, p = 0.049) and the ferric reducing ability of serum (FRAP) (123.0 vs. 105.7 micromol/L, p = 0.029). A higher Se content increased the concentrations of ascorbic acid (0.309 vs. 0.073 microg/L, p = 0.001), retinol (1.48 vs. 1.15 microg/mL, p = 0.001) and alpha-tocopherol (2.86 vs. 1.90 microg/mL, p = 0.001), the activity levels of catalase (3.40 vs. 2.98 U/L,p = 0.010) and SOD (43.4 vs. 30.8 U/mL, p = 0.040) as well as the total antioxidant status (TAS) of serum (0.38 vs. 0.28 mmol/L, p = 0.026). There were no significant differences in the concentrations of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) between treatments, while a higher vitamin E content of diets increased serum immunoglobulin A (IgA) concentrations (370.6 vs. 321.3 microg/mL, p = 0.026). Higher dietary levels of vitamin E and Se increased the serum concentrations of retinol (1.66 vs. 2.20 microg/mL, p = 0.013) and a-tocopherol (3.33 vs. 1.71, p = 0.014), but they had no effect on the other physiological parameters. It is recommended that the levels of both supplements, Se and vitamin E, be increased in laying hen diets as they have a beneficial effect on the serum concentrations of retinol and alpha-tocopherol.
BACKGROUND: The rodent carcinogen acrylamide was discovered in 2002 in commonly consumed foods. Epidemiologic studies have observed positive associations between acrylamide intake and endometrial, ovarian, and breast cancer risks, which suggest that acrylamide may have sex-hormonal effects. METHODS: We cross-sectionally investigated the relationship between acrylamide intake and plasma levels of sex hormones and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) among 687 postmenopausal and 1,300 premenopausal controls from nested case-control studies within the Nurses' Health Studies. RESULTS: There were no associations between acrylamide and sex hormones or SHBG among premenopausal women overall or among never-smokers. Among normal-weight premenopausal women, acrylamide intake was statistically significantly positively associated with luteal total and free estradiol levels. Among postmenopausal women overall and among never-smokers, acrylamide was borderline statistically significantly associated with lower estrone sulfate levels but not with other estrogens, androgens, prolactin, or SHBG. Among normal-weight women, (borderline) statistically significant inverse associations were noted for estrone, free estradiol, estrone sulfate, DHEA, and prolactin, whereas statistically significant positive associations for testosterone and androstenedione were observed among overweight women. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, this study did not show conclusive associations between acrylamide intake and sex hormones that would lend unequivocal biologic plausibility to the observed increased risks of endometrial, ovarian, and breast cancer. The association between acrylamide and sex hormones may differ by menopausal and overweight status. We recommend other studies investigate the relationship between acrylamide and sex hormones in women, specifically using acrylamide biomarkers. IMPACT: The present study showed some interesting associations between acrylamide intake and sex hormones that urgently need confirmation. 
BACKGROUND: The high intake of game meat in populations with a subsistence-based diet may affect their blood lipids and health status. OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between diet and circulating levels of blood lipid levels in a northern Swedish population. STUDY DESIGN: We compared a group with traditional lifestyle (TLS) based on reindeer herding (TLS group) with those from the same area with a non-traditional lifestyle (NTLS) typical of more industrialized regions of Sweden (NTLS group). The analysis was based on self-reported intake of animal source food (i.e. non-game meat, game meat, fish, dairy products and eggs) and the serum blood level of a number of lipids [total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), triglycerides (TG), glycerophospholipids and sphingolipids]. RESULTS: The TLS group had higher cholesterol, LDL and HDL levels than the reference group. Of the TLS group, 65% had cholesterol levels above the threshold for increased risk of coronary heart disease ( 240 mg/dl), as compared to 38% of the NTLS group. Self-reported consumption of game meat was positively associated with TC and LDL. CONCLUSIONS: The high game meat consumption of the TLS group is associated with increased cholesterol levels. High intake of animal protein and fat and low fibre is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, but other studies of the TLS in northern Sweden have shown comparable incidences of cardiovascular disease to the reference (NTLS) group from the same geographical area. This indicates that factors other than TC influence disease risk. One such possible factor is dietary phospholipids, which are also found in high amounts specifically in game meat and have been shown to inhibit cholesterol absorption. 
OBJECTIVES: This study was conducted to examine (1) the effects of dietary weight loss on indices of norepinephrine (NE) turnover and (2) whether baseline hyperinsulinemia modulates sympathetic neural adaptations. METHODS: Obese individuals aged 56  1 year, BMI 32.5  0.4 kg/m(2) , with metabolic syndrome, underwent a 12-week hypocaloric diet (HCD, n = 39) or no treatment (n = 26). Neurochemical measurements comprised arterial dihydroxyphenylalanine (DOPA), 3,4-dihydroxyphenylglycol (DHPG), and NE concentrations, the steady-state ratio of [3H]-DHPG to [3H]-NE, as an index of neuronal uptake, and calculated whole-body plasma NE clearance and spillover rates. RESULTS: Body weight decreased by -7.4  0.5% in HCD group (P < 0.001) and was accompanied by reductions in DOPA, NE, and DHPG averaging -14  5% (P = 0.001), -23  4% (P <0.001), and -5  4% (P = 0.03), respectively. NE spillover rate decreased by -88  39 ng/min (P = 0.01), whereas neuronal uptake and NE plasma clearance were unchanged. Despite similar weight loss, hyperinsulinemic subjects exhibited greater reductions in NE and NE spillover rate, compared to normoinsulinemic subjects (group by time interaction P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Weight loss is associated with down-regulation of sympathetic nervous activity but no overall alteration in disposition indices. Hyperinsulinemic subjects derive a greater sympathoinhibitory benefit during weight loss. 
The level of plasma diamine oxidase (DAO) activity is associated with the maturation and integrity of small intestinal mucosa. This study in rats investigated whether a decreased level of plasma DAO could reflect the severity of mucosal injury due to intravenous 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) treatment. The beneficial effect of soluble dietary fiber (SDF) on preventing diarrhea after 5-FU treatment was also examined. To induce diarrhea, 5-FU (50 mg/kg/day for four days) was administered via the tail vein with or without SDF supplementation. After 5-FU treatment, the majority of rats developed moderate to severe diarrhea, and levels of plasma DAO activity significantly decreased compared to those of control group (P < 0.05). Scanning electron microscopy revealed disarrangement of the small intestinal villi. Contrarily, the rats supplemented with SDF had diarrhea less frequently (50.0 vs. 91.7 %, P = 0.025) on day five, and DAO activity levels were significantly higher than in those rats administered 5-FU alone (8.25  5.34 vs. 5.50  4.32, P = 0.023). In conclusion, plasma DAO activity decreases in response to severe intestinal mucosal injury after 5-FU treatment, and SDF supplementation might be a practical and useful treatment for reducing the intestinal toxicity of 5-FU.
Overweight or obesity in post-menopausal women is known to induce metabolic disorders associated with neuroinflammation. -lipoic acid (-LA), which has been clinically used to treat diabetic peripheral neuropathy, has been found to exert anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects in patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD). In this study, to investigate the effects of -LA on neuroinflammatory factors and the levels of hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in ovariectomized rats fed a high-fat diet (HFD), Wistar ovariectomized rats were fed HFD alone or HFD and treated with -LA for 12 weeks. Metabolic parameters in serum were detected, real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), western blot analysis and ELISA were used to evaluate the levels of inflammatory factors and BDNF in the hippocampus. -LA markedly reduced body weight, the levels of serum total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), as well as the levels of leptin and insulin resistance in ovariectomized rats fed HFD. It also significantly increased the levels of serum adiponectin and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). In the hippocampal tissues of ovariectomized rats fed HFD, the protein and mRNA expression of BDNF was upregulated following the administration of -LA. Conversely, the levels of interleukin 6 (IL-6) and tumour necrosis factor- (TNF-) were decreased following treatment with -LA. These findings demonstrate that -LA significantly increases the expression of BDNF in the hippocampus of obese ovariectomized rats fed HFD, possibly by improving lipid metabolism, enhancing insulin sensitivity and reversing central inflammation.
OBJECTIVE: Little is known about the relation of modifiable dietary factors to circulating adiponectin concentrations, particularly in young adults and non-Western populations. The aim of this study was to determine the association between macronutrient and food intake and serum adiponectin concentration in a group of young Japanese women. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 1047 female Japanese dietetic students aged 18 to 22 y. Using a validated, self-administered, comprehensive diet history questionnaire, we assessed intake of nutrients (protein, total fat, saturated fatty acids, monounsaturated fatty acids, and polyunsaturated fatty acids, carbohydrates, and dietary fiber) and foods (rice, bread, noodles, potatoes, confectioneries, fats and oils, pulses, fish and shellfish, meats, eggs, dairy products, vegetables, fruits, coffee, green and oolong tea, black tea, and soft drinks) and glycemic index and load. Fasting blood samples were collected and serum adiponectin concentrations were measured. Adjustment was made for survey year, region, municipality level, current smoking, current alcohol drinking, physical activity, body mass index, energy intake, and intakes of other nutrients or foods. RESULTS: After adjustment for potential confounding factors, none of the nutrients examined was a significant determinant of serum adiponectin concentration. There was no association for glycemic index or load. Coffee was the only food significantly and independently associated with serum adiponectin concentration. Mean (SE) values of serum adiponectin concentration for each quartile of coffee intake were 12.4 (0.2), 12.4 (0.5), 12.5 (0.3), and 13.2 (0.3) g/mL, respectively (P for trend = 0.04). CONCLUSION: In a group of young Japanese women, higher coffee intake was independently associated with higher serum adiponectin concentration. 
Diets high in sulfur-rich protein and low in fruits and vegetables affect human acid-base balance adversely. Corresponding subclinical forms of metabolic acidosis have been linked to hypertension in adults. We longitudinally examined relations of dietary acid load with blood pressure in 257 healthy prepuberty children with 3 or more parallel 3-day weighed dietary records, 24-h urine, and blood pressure measurements. Urinary net acid excretion and the potential renal acid load (PRAL), determined as the difference of major urinary nonbicarbonate anions and mineral cations, were used to predict dietary acid load. PRAL was also calculated from dietary data. In repeated-measures regression analyses, adjusted for body size and dietary fiber, an intraindividual increase of 10mEq above the 'usual' net acid excretion or urine PRAL were each significantly related to a 0.6-0.7mmHg increased systolic blood pressure. Differences in urine PRAL among the children also significantly predicted between-person differences in systolic blood pressure. A higher individual net acid excretion or urine PRAL and intraindividual increase in urine PRAL were significantly related to higher diastolic blood pressure. Blood pressure associations were nonsignificant for dietary PRAL and urinary sodium. Thus, in healthy children, renal biomarker analyses reveal an association of proton load with higher blood pressure. Especially for systolic blood pressure, a more alkalizing nutrition may be beneficial for blood pressure development within a given individual. Experimental confirmation of a causal acid load-blood pressure link is required. 
BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Ureteral Stent Symptoms Questionnaire (USSQ) is an intervention-specific health-related quality-of-life (HrQoL) measure. We describe development and validation of the Spanish version. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We followed established methods to develop the Spanish version of the original USSQ. After pilot testing, we conducted a formal validation study; 70 patients, undergoing placement of ureteral stents, successfully completed the Spanish USSQ as well as the EuroQoL-5D (male and female), the ICIQ male and female lower urinary tract symptoms questionnaires at weeks 1 and 4 after stent insertions, and at week 4 after their removal. In addition, 40 healthy people acted as a control group and completed the same questionnaires twice at 3-week intervals. Statistical analyses were performed to evaluate reliability, validity, and sensitivity to change of the Spanish USSQ. RESULTS: After revision of the initial two drafts after translation, back translation, and pilot testing, a final draft was developed that underwent field testing. Psychometric analyses revealed satisfactory internal consistencies (Cronbach alpha coefficients: 0.73-0. 85) and test-retest reliability (Spearman correlation coefficient: >0.6) for the domains of urinary symptom, body pain, and general health. It demonstrated satisfactory discriminant validity (sensitivity to change, p<0.01), convergent validity (good correlations between the domains of the USSQ and existing validated questionnaires), and test-retest reliability (p<0.001). Analysis of the domains of the sexual matter (21.4%) and work performance (35.7%) were limited because of the small proportion of the study population for whom it was applicable. CONCLUSIONS: Results of our development and validation study demonstrate that the new Spanish version of the USSQ is a psychometrically valid intervention-specific measurer for use in the second most common language in the world. It is a reliable outcome measure that could be used for both clinical and research purposes. 
BACKGROUND/AIMS: An important public health issue is monitoring folate inadequacy in women of childbearing potential. The aim of the present study was to investigate associations between folate intake, red blood cell (RBC) folate, total homocysteine (tHcy) and the MTHFR 677T allele. METHODS: A total of 204 women were enrolled in a cross-sectional study. Folate intake was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire, and RBC folate, tHcy and MTHFR C677T genotype were determined. RESULTS: About half of the women had a decreased RBC folate level (<305 nmol/l) and all were <906 nmol/l, even though 51% of the subjects reported use of supplements. Overall 91.5% had a high Hcy concentration. Notably, younger women, and those with a low level of education, were shown to be at higher risk of inadequate RBC folate levels. Additionally, younger women were also at higher risk of carrying the TT genotype, particularly unfavorable in the setting of a low folate status. CONCLUSIONS: Our study revealed significant folate deficiency in our Mediterranean population and higher than ideal Hcy concentrations, thus emphasizing that in these groups an improvement in the folate status is needed via a food-based approach or supplement. Consequently, public health policy strategies aiming at improved supplementation are required. 
This study describes the distribution of glycosylated haemoglobin (Hb(A1c)) and glucose concentrations in the combined year 1 (2008-2009), year 2 (2009-2010) and year 3 (2010-2011) of the National Diet and Nutrition Survey (NDNS) rolling programme. The NDNS rolling programme is a nationally representative survey of food consumption, nutrient intakes and nutritional status of people aged 1.5 years and over living in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. The study population comprised survey members who completed three or four days of dietary recording and who provided a blood sample. After excluding survey members with self-reported diabetes (n=25), there were 1016 results for HbA1c and 942 for glucose (not the same individuals in each case). Around 5.4% of men and 1.7% of women aged 19-64 years, and 5.1% of men and 5.9% of women aged 65 years had impaired fasting glucose (glucose concentrations 6.1-6.9 mmol/L). Over 20% of men aged 65 years had fasting glucose concentrations above the clinical cut-off for diabetes (7 mmol/L) compared to 2.1% of women of similar age (p=0.007). Similarly, 16.4% of men had Hb(A1c) concentrations 6.5%, compared to 1.5% of women (p=0.003). Children and teenagers had fasting glucose and Hb(A1c) values largely within the normal range. To conclude, this is the first study to provide data on the distribution of HbA1c and glucose concentrations in a nationally representative sample of the British population. The high prevalence of men aged 65 years with Hb(A1c) and glucose concentrations above the clinical cut-off of diabetes warrants further attention.
BACKGROUND: Studies on the influence of alcohol consumption on lung function have shown conflicting results. Self-reported alcohol consumption may be inaccurate. This study used both a validated alcohol questionnaire and a blood marker of heavy alcohol consumption, and examined potential associations with different lung physiological variables. METHODS: The study population (450 subjects) answered an alcohol questionnaire (AUDIT-C) and performed spirometry, body plethysmography and a test for diffusing capacity for CO (DL,CO). Carbohydrate deficient transferrin (CDT), a clinically used blood marker for identifying heavy alcohol consumption, and C-reactive protein (CRP), a marker of systemic inflammation were analysed. RESULTS: Using AUDIT-C, 407 subjects were alcohol drinkers and 29 non-drinkers. Of the alcohol drinkers, 224 subjects were "hazardous drinkers" and 183 "moderate drinkers". Thirty-four subjects had a CDT 2.0% (=heavy drinkers). There was no difference in lung function between hazardous and moderate drinkers. Heavy drinkers had lower DL,CO (74% vs 83% PN, p=0.003), more symptoms of chronic bronchitis (p=0.001) and higher AUDIT-C scores (p<0.001) than non-heavy drinkers. After adjustments (pack years and CRP) the difference in DL,CO (p=0.037) remained. Multiple regression showed an association between CDT and both FEV1 (p=0.004) and DL,CO (p=0.012) in all alcohol drinkers, but not in never-smokers. The AUDIT-C score was associated with CDT (also after adjustments, p<0.001) but not with any lung function variable. CONCLUSION: The results from this study suggest that alcohol and particularly heavy drinking has an independent additive negative effect on lung function in smokers. 
Sialic acid (SA) is an important nutrient but few studies have examined the link between dietary intake and breast milk sialic acid. The purpose of this observational study was to assess the potential relationship between human breast milk sialic acid levels and dietary nutrition intake 40 d postpartum. The study population included 90 healthy women who were lactating. Human breast milk SA concentrations were measured using fluorescence detector-high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC-FLD) analysis and nutritional intake was estimated by a computerized validated food frequency questionnaire. SA in human breast milk was bound to free oligosaccharides (82.35%), protein (15.27%) and free sialic acid (2.37%). The findings of this study indicate that subjects with higher milk SA levels showed statistically higher levels of vitamin A compared with subjects with lower SA levels (423.48172.29 vs. 602.22126.46 g/d, p=0.000). In addition, there was a certain association (standardized coefficients=0.713; p=0.000) between breast milk SA and vitamin A intake in healthy young subjects. This study demonstrated that dietary vitamin A intake has a certain relationship with breast milk SA concentrations. This may be attributed to the influence of vitamin A on sialic acid glycoprotein and sialic acid mucopolysaccharide in the human body or the common food sources for vitamin A and sialic acid. Additional study is required to further investigate this relationship.
BACKGROUND: Light-to-moderate alcohol consumption is known to reduce the risk of coronary artery disease. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to investigate relationships of alcohol intake with atherogenic indices, such as the ratio of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C/HDL-C ratio) and the ratio of triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C ratio), in women. METHODS: Subjects (14,067 women, 20-45 years) were divided by alcohol intake into three groups of nondrinkers, occasional drinkers, and regular drinkers, and each drinker group was further divided into lower- (<22 g ethanol/drinking day) and greater- ( 22 g ethanol/drinking day) quantity drinkers. Atherogenic indices were compared among the alcohol groups. RESULTS: Odds ratio (OR) for high LDL-C/HDL-C ratio or high TG/HDL-C ratio calculated after adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking, and habitual exercise was significantly lower (P < .05) than a reference level of 1.00 in regular or occasional lower- and higher quantity drinkers vs. nondrinkers (OR for high LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, 0.28 (95% confidence interval [95% CI], 0.18-0.44) in regular lower-quantity drinkers, 0.18 (95% CI, 0.12-0.28) in regular higher quantity drinkers, 0.71 (95% CI, 0.61-0.83) in occasional lower-quantity drinkers, and 0.53 (95% CI, 0.44-0.64) in occasional higher quantity drinkers; OR for high TG/HDL-C ratio, 0.52 (95% CI, 0.32-0.85) in regular lower-quantity drinkers, 0.67 (95% CI, 0.47-0.96) in regular higher-quantity drinkers, 0.61 (95% CI, 0.50-0.76) in occasional lower-quantity drinkers, and 0.63 (95% CI, 0.50-0.79) in occasional higher-quantity drinkers. Both LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and log-transformed TG/HDL-C ratio were significantly greater in smokers than in nonsmokers. Both in smokers and nonsmokers, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and log-transformed TG/HDL-C ratio were significantly lower in regular lower- and higher-quantity drinkers than in nondrinkers. In nonsmokers, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and log-transformed TG/HDL-C ratio tended to be lower and greater, respectively, in regular greater-quantity drinkers than in regular lower-quantity drinkers. CONCLUSION: In women, alcohol drinking is inversely associated with atherogenic indices irrespective of smoking status, and the inverse association of alcohol drinking with LDL-C/HDL-C ratio is stronger than that with TG/HDL-C ratio. 
BACKGROUND: Food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) are often used to evaluate individuals' food intakes in epidemiologic studies because of their simplicity and low cost. OBJECTIVE: To assess the validity of a short (24 items), qualitative FFQ used in the MONA LISA-NUT study. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study of a representative sample in three French counties. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: The sample included 2,630 participants aged 35 to 65 years from the MONA LISA-NUT study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Food consumption was measured with the FFQ and via food records for 3 consecutive days. Plasma fatty acids were measured from a subset of participants. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: The FFQ items' validity was assessed by calculating crude and deattenuated Pearson correlation coefficients between frequencies reported by the FFQ and average weights reported by the food records. Furthermore, the validity of some items of the FFQ measuring the consumption of fatty foods was assessed by calculating Pearson correlation coefficients between frequencies of consumption of these foods and dosages of the corresponding plasma fatty acids: fish and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), olive oil and oleic acid, margarine and elaidic acid, and dairy products and pentadecanoic and heptadecanoic acids. RESULTS: The mean of the deattenuated Pearson correlation coefficients for all items was 0.46, with values ranging from 0.22 (fried food) to 0.77 (breakfast cereal). The correlation coefficient was  0.4 for one third of the 24 items. Moderate correlations were found between fish and EPA/DHA (EPA: r=0.43, 95% CI 0.33 to 0.51; DHA: r=0.39, 95% CI 0.30 to 0.47), but not for other food items. CONCLUSIONS: One third of the 24 items in the short, qualitative FFQ evaluated here were not sufficiently valid. However, for the food groups most commonly studied in the literature, this FFQ had the same degree of validity as other questionnaires designed to classify subjects according to their level of intake. 
Investigating the genetic and physiological drivers of postweaning residual feed intake (RFI) and finishing phase feed efficiency (FE) may identify underlying mechanisms that are responsible for the variation in these complex FE traits. The objectives were 1) to evaluate the relationship of serum IGF-I concentration and muscle gene expression with postweaning RFI and sire maintenance energy (MEM) EPD and 2) to determine fiber type composition as it relates to postweaning RFI and finishing phase FE. Results indicate that RFI and serum IGF-I concentration were not associated (P > 0.05); however, negative correlations (P < 0.05) between sire MEM EPD and serum IGF-I concentration were observed. Gene expression differences between high- and low-RFI animals were observed in cohort 1, where IGFBP5 expression was greater (P < 0.05) in high-RFI animals. When animals were grouped according to sire MEM EPD, the low MEM EPD group of cohort 1 showed greater muscle mRNA expression (P < 0.01) of fatty acid synthase (FASN) and marginally (P < 0.10) greater expression of IGFBP5 and C/EBP alpha (C/EBP) whereas the high MEM EPD group of cohort 2 had greater muscle mRNA expression of IGFBP2 (P < 0.05) and C/EBP (P  0.01) and marginally (P < 0.10) greater expression of IGFBP3. Biopsy tissue samples collected at harvest revealed that the percentage of type IIa fibers was lower (P  0.05) in high-RFI steers, with a similar trend (P < 0.10) being observed in high finishing phase FE steers. The percentage of type IIb fibers was higher (P < 0.05) in high-RFI (and finishing phase FE) steers than in low-RFI (and finishing phase FE) steers. There was a marginal, negative correlation between RFI and type I (r = -0.36, P = 0.08) and IIa (r = -0.37, P = 0.07) fiber percentages and a positive correlation (r = 0.48, P = 0.01) between RFI and type IIb fiber percentage whereas finishing phase FE was negatively correlated (r = -0.43, P = 0.03) with type I fiber percentage and positively correlated (r = 0.44, P = 0.03) with type IIb fiber percentage. Therefore, our data indicate that 1) serum IGF-I (collected at weaning) is not an indicator of postweaning RFI, 2) the GH-IGF axis appears to have some involvement with RFI at the molecular level; however, muscle gene expression results were not consistent across cohorts, and 3) low-RFI animals may have the ability to more efficiently maintain and accrete muscle mass due to their fiber type composition, specifically a greater proportion of type I fibers. 
Obesity and related diabetes are important health threatening multifactorial metabolic diseases and it has been suggested that 25% of all diabetic patients are unaware of their patho-physiological condition. Biomarkers for monitoring and control are available, but early stage predictive biomarkers enabling prevention of these diseases are still lacking. We used the pig as a model to study metabolic disease because humans and pigs share a multitude of metabolic similarities. Diabetes was chemically induced and control and diabetic pigs were either fed a high unsaturated fat (Mediterranean) diet or a high saturated fat/cholesterol/sugar (cafeteria) diet. Physiological parameters related to fat metabolism and diabetes were measured. Diabetic pigs' plasma proteome profiles differed more between the two diets than control pigs plasma proteome profiles. The expression levels of several proteins correlated well with (patho)physiological parameters related to the fat metabolism (cholesterol, VLDL, LDL, NEFA) and diabetes (Glucose) and to the diet fed to the animals. Studying only the control pigs as a model for metabolic syndrome when fed the two diets showed correlations to the same parameters but now more focused on insulin, glucose and abdominal fat depot parameters. We conclude that proteomic profiles can be used as a biomarker to identify pigs with developing metabolic syndrome (prediabetes) and diabetes when fed a cafeteria diet. It could be developed into a potential biomarkers for the early recognition of metabolic diseases. 
BACKGROUND: The peritoneal injection of monosodium glutamate (MSG) can induce kidney injury in adult rats but the effects of long-term oral intake have not been determined. METHODS: We investigated the kidney histology and function in adult male Wistar rats that were fedad libitumwith a standard rat chow pellet and water with or without the addition of 2 mg/g body weight MSG/day in drinking water (n=10 per group). Both MSG-treated and control animals were sacrificed after 9 months when renal function parameters, blood and urine electrolytes, and tissue histopathology were determined. RESULTS: MSG-treated rats were more prone to kidney stone formation, as represented by the alkaline urine and significantly higher activity product of calcium phosphate. Accordingly, 3/10 MSG-treated rats developed kidney stones over 9 months versus none of the control animals. Further, 2/10 MSG-treated rats but none (0/10) of the controls manifested hydronephrosis. MSG-treated rats had significantly higher levels of serum creatinine and potassium including urine output volume, urinary excretion sodium and citrate compared to controls. In contrast, MSG-treated rats had significantly lower ammonium and magnesium urinary excretion. CONCLUSION: Oral MSG consumption appears to cause alkaline urine and may increase the risks of kidney stones with hydronephrosis in rats. Similar effects in humans must be verified by dedicated studies. 
OBJECTIVE: High serum levels of insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) seem to coincide with higher rates of some types of cancer and the risk of all-cause mortality in old people. Eating vegetables seems to reduce IGF-1 levels because they are rich in micronutrients such as vitamins. This study investigates the possible association between vitamin intake and IGF-1 levels in a representative group of healthy elderly women with Mediterranean dietary habits. DESIGN: This cross-sectional study included 124 healthy women with a mean age of 71.3  4.2 years and a mean body mass index (BMI) of 27.37  3.48 kg/m(2) attending a mild fitness program twice a week at public gyms in Padova. The main parameters considered were IGF-1 (measured by chemiluminescence) and diet, assessed on the basis of a 3-day record and a questionnaire on the frequency with which they usually ate certain foods. RESULTS: The mean IGF-1 level for the sample as a whole was 136.2  38.9 g/l, and was significantly lower in women with a higher folate intake (p = 0.04). On simple linear analysis, the vitamins found associated with serum IGF-1 levels were: folates (r: -0.25; p = 0.003); vitamin E (r: -0.21; p = 0.01); vitamin D (r: -0.17; p = 0.03); and riboflavin (r: -0.16; p=0.03). After removing the effect of calorie, protein, carbohydrate and fat intake, and other known potential confounders (age, BMI, alcohol intake), only folate intake correlated with IGF-1 levels (r = -0.17; p = 0.04). CONCLUSION: A folate-rich diet could have the effect of lowering circulating IGF-1 levels in elderly women. 
It is well established that protein-energy malnutrition decreases serum insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I levels, and supplementation of 30 g of whey protein daily has been shown to increase serum IGF-I levels by 8 % after 2 years in a clinical trial. Cohort studies provide the opportunity to assess associations between dietary protein intake and IGF axis protein levels under more typical eating conditions. In the present study, we assessed the associations of circulating IGF axis protein levels (ELISA, Diagnostic Systems Laboratories) with total biomarker-calibrated protein intake, as well as with dairy product and milk intake, among postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women's Health Initiative (n 747). Analyses were carried out using multivariate linear regression models that adjusted for age, BMI, race/ethnicity, education, biomarker-calibrated energy intake, alcohol intake, smoking, physical activity and hormone therapy use. There was a positive association between milk intake and free IGF-I levels. A three-serving increase in milk intake per d (approximately 30 g of protein) was associated with an estimated average 186 % higher increase in free IGF-I levels (95 % CI 09, 393 %). However, total IGF-I and insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 3 (IGFBP-3) levels were not associated with milk consumption and nor were there associations between biomarker-calibrated protein intake, biomarker-calibrated energy intake, and free IGF-I, total IGF-I or IGFBP-3 levels. The findings of the present study carried out in postmenopausal women are consistent with clinical trial data suggesting a specific relationship between milk consumption and serum IGF-I levels, although in the present study this association was only statistically significant for free, but not total, IGF-I or IGFBP-3 levels.
Supplementary feeds are offered to grazing dairy cows to increase dry matter (DM) and metabolizable energy (ME) intakes; however, offering feed supplements reduces pasture DM intake, a phenomenon known as substitution. The objective of the study was to investigate changes in blood factors associated with intake regulation in monogastric species in pasture-fed dairy cows supplemented with either a starch- or nonforage fiber-based concentrate. Fifteen multiparous Friesian  Jersey cross cows were assigned to 1 of 3 treatments at calving. Measurements were undertaken in wk 8 of lactation. Treatments were pasture only, pasture plus a starch-based concentrate (3.5 kg of DM/cow per day; STA), and pasture plus a nonforage fiber-based concentrate (4.4 kg of DM/cow per day). Pelleted concentrates were fed at an isoenergetic rate in 2 equal portions at a.m. and p.m. milkings. Measurements were undertaken to investigate differences in pasture DM intake, feeding behavior, and profiles of blood factors for 4h after a.m. and p.m. milkings, the periods of intensive feeding in grazing cows. Supplementing cows with STA concentrate reduced pasture DM intake to a greater extent than the fiber concentrate, although time spent eating did not differ between treatments. The blood factor response to feeding differed between the a.m. and p.m. feeding events. Blood factors associated with a preprandial or fasted state were elevated prefeeding in the a.m. and declined following feeding, whereas satiety factors increased. In comparison, the blood factor response to feeding in the p.m. differed, with responses to feeding delayed for most factors. Plasma ghrelin concentration increased during the p.m. feeding event, despite the consumption of feed and the positive energy state remaining from the previous a.m. feeding, indicating that environmental factors (e.g., sunset) supersede physiological cues in regulating feeding behavior. The greater reduction in pasture DM intake for the STA treatment in the p.m. may be related to the level of hunger or satiety before the feeding event and not solely to the consumption of supplement. Data indicate that neuroendocrine factors are, at least in part, responsible for the substitution of pasture for supplementary feeds.
RATIONALE: The consumption of red meat is known to enhance the endogenous formation of N-nitroso compounds (NOCs), which are potent carcinogens. DNA damage related to NOCs, and hence red meat, has been detected in colorectal cells and in blood. We proposed to extend previous studies to a non-invasive approach for the detection of O(6)-carboxymethylguanine (O(6)CMG) and O(6)-carboxymethyl-2'-deoxyguanosine (O(6)CMdG) in urine in relation to red meat intake using liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS). The presence of the adduct in urine samples either as the free base or as 2'-deoxynucleoside could help in determining the repair mechanism involved when such lesions are produced. A non-invasive assessment of DNA adducts could also allow for large-scale analyses in the population and cancer prevention dietary strategies. METHODS: An LC/MS/MS method for the quantitation of O(6)CMG and O(6)CMdG was developed. Urine samples collected from healthy volunteers on red meat and vegetarian diets were analysed either by direct injection or after purification by solid-phase extraction (SPE). A separate LC/MS/MS method for O(6)-methylguanine (O(6)MeG) and O(6)-methyl-2'-deoxyguanosine (O(6)MedG), which are possible hydrolysis products forming during the sample pre-treatment, was also developed. RESULTS: The developed LC/MS/MS method allowed the simultaneous measurement of O(6)CMG and O(6)CMdG. The limits of detection (LODs) were 0.38 ng/mL for O(6)CMG and 0.18 ng/mL for O(6)CMdG. The direct injection analysis of the clinical samples showed low sensitivity due to high background signal that was improved by SPE purification. However, the concentrations of the adducts in clinical samples were still found to be below the LOD. CONCLUSIONS: Novel, reproducible, and accurate LC/MS/MS methods were developed for the determination of the urinary content of O(6)CMG and O(6)CMdG, and of the possible formation of O(6)MeG and O(6)MedG by decarboxylation. Clinical samples from volunteers on different diets were analysed. Further studies are required to discover a link between the presence of these biomarkers in urine and red meat consumption. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Kiwifruit has the potential to improve markers of metabolic dysfunction, but the response may be influenced by inflammatory state. We aimed to investigate whether inflammatory state would modulate the effect of consuming two green kiwifruit daily on plasma lipids and markers of inflammation. METHODS AND RESULTS: Eighty-five hypercholesterolaemic men completed a 4-week healthy diet run-in, before randomisation to a controlled cross-over study of two 4-week interventions of two green kiwifruit/day plus healthy diet (intervention) or healthy diet alone (control). Anthropometric measures and fasting blood samples (plasma lipids, serum apolipoproteins A1 and B, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and interleukin (IL)-6, tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-) and IL-10) were taken at baseline, 4 and 8 weeks. Subjects were divided into low and medium inflammatory groups, using pre-intervention hs-CRP concentrations (hs-CRP <1 and 1-3 mg/L, respectively). In the medium inflammatory group the kiwifruit intervention resulted in significant improvements in plasma high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (mean difference 0.08 [95% CI: 0.03, 0.12] mmol/L [P < 0.001]), total cholesterol (TC)/HDL-C ratio (-0.29 [-0.45, -0.14] mmol/L [P = 0.001]), plasma hs-CRP (-22.1 [-33.6, -4.97]% [P = 0.01]) and IL-6 (-43.7 [-63.0, -14.1]% [P = 0.01]) compared to control treatment. No effects were seen in the low inflammatory group. There were significant between inflammation group differences for TC/HDL-C (P = 0.02), triglyceride (TG)/HDL-C (P = 0.05), and plasma IL-6 (P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Inflammatory state modulated responses to the kiwifruit intervention by improving inflammatory markers and lipid profiles in subjects with modestly elevated CRP, suggesting this group may particularly benefit from the regular consumption of green kiwifruit. Registered 16th March 2010, Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (no. ACTRN12610000213044), www.ANZCTR.org.au. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Few studies outside of Western countries have evaluated the relationship between consumption of nuts and blood pressure (BP). This study aimed to investigate the relationship between nut consumption and blood pressure in an Iranian adult population. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a cross-sectional investigation among 9660 randomly selected Iranian adults, sampled to represent three large Iranian regions, using data collected in the Isfahan Healthy Heart Program in 2007. The frequency of nut consumption was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. Systolic and diastolic BPs (SBP and DBP) were measured in duplicate by trained personnel using a standard protocol. Multiple linear and logistic regressions were applied to assess the relationship between nut intake and BP levels and the presence of hypertension as SBP  140 mmHg, and/or a DBP  90 mmHg and/or current use of at least one type of anti-hypertensive medication. Those with nut consumption 4 times/week showed less mean of BPs and hypertension prevalence, compared to those who consumed nuts <1 times/week (p < 0.001). Compared to no consumption, consuming nuts 4 times/week was associated with a 34% lower prevalence of hypertension (multivariate odds ratio (OR) = 0.66; confidence interval (CI) = 0.51-0.87; p for trend = 0.009). CONCLUSIONS: More frequent nut consumption is associated with lower BP and lower risk of hypertension among Iranian adults. 
Black compared with non-Hispanic white Americans have higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure and rates of prehypertension/hypertension. Reasons for these adverse findings remain obscure. Analyses here focused on relations of foods/nutrients/urinary metabolites and higher black blood pressure for 369 black compared with 1190 non-Hispanic white Americans aged 40 to 59 years from 8 population samples. Multiple linear regression, standardized data from four 24-hour dietary recalls per person, two 24-hour urine collections, and 8 blood pressure measurements were used to quantitate the role of foods, nutrients, and metabolites in higher black blood pressure. Compared with non-Hispanic white Americans, blacks' average systolic/diastolic pressure was higher by 4.7/3.4 mm Hg (men) and 9.0/4.8 mm Hg (women). Control for higher body mass index of black women reduced excess black systolic/diastolic pressure to 6.8/3.8 mm Hg. Lesser intake of vegetables, fruits, grains, vegetable protein, glutamic acid, starch, fiber, minerals, and potassium, and higher intake of processed meats, pork, eggs, and sugar-sweetened beverages, along with higher cholesterol and higher Na/K ratio, related to in higher black blood pressure. Control for 11 nutrient and 10 non-nutrient correlates reduced higher black systolic/diastolic pressure to 2.3/2.3 mm Hg (52% and 33% reduction in men) and to 5.3/2.8 mm Hg (21% and 27% reduction in women). Control for foods/urinary metabolites had little further influence on higher black blood pressure. Less favorable multiple nutrient intake by blacks than non-Hispanic white Americans accounted, at least in part, for higher black blood pressure. Improved dietary patterns can contribute to prevention/control of more adverse black blood pressure levels.
AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The benefits of moderate alcohol consumption for type 2 diabetes have been postulated to involve a mechanism of improved insulin sensitivity. Fetuin-A, which is known to inhibit insulin signalling, has emerged as a biomarker for diabetes risk. Alcohol consumption may influence circulating fetuin-A concentrations and subsequently diabetes risk by altering the insulin signal. We therefore hypothesised that moderate alcohol consumption would be associated with lower fetuin-A concentration and that fetuin-A would partly explain the association between alcohol consumption and incident type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Among diabetes-free female participants in the Nurses' Health Study (n = 1,331), multiple linear regression was conducted to assess the association between alcohol consumption and plasma fetuin-A. Least-squares means (lsmeans) of fetuin-A were estimated in categories of alcohol consumption (0, 0.1-4.9, 5-14.9 and  15 g/day). The proportion of alcohol consumption and diabetes association explained by baseline fetuin-A was assessed in 470 matched incident diabetes case-control pairs with follow-up 2000-2006. RESULTS: Higher alcohol consumption was associated with lower plasma fetuin-A (p for trend = 0.009): lsmean  SE 476.5  5.9 g/ml for abstainers, 468.9  5.2 g/ml for 0.1-4.9 g/day consumers, 455.9  7.0 g/ml for 5.0-14.9 g/day consumers, and 450.0  9.4 g/ml for  15.0 g/day consumers. Fetuin-A and fasting insulin explained 18.4% and 54.8%, respectively, of the inverse association between alcohol consumption and diabetes after multiple adjustment (both p for contribution <0.04). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Moderate alcohol consumption is associated with lower plasma fetuin-A in diabetes-free women. Fetuin-A and insulin explain a significant proportion of the association between alcohol consumption and incident type 2 diabetes. Further studies are needed to examine potential biological mechanisms underlying this association. 
OBJECTIVES: To develop and to validate the Spanish version of the Ureteral Stent Symptom Questionnaire (USSQ). Describe the prevalence of symptoms associated with the presence of ureteral stent in a Spanish-speaking population. METHODS: We developed and delivered the Spanish USSQ version to patients who underwent ureteral stent placement after endourological procedures. We determined the internal consistency and the instrument's sensitivity to change. Results of the patients were compared with a control group of healthy individuals. We analyzed the prevalence of symptoms in the six domains of the questionnaire and the overall quality of life. We compared the means of the results by gender to find significant differences in associated symptoms. RESULTS: We obtained good internal consistency values of the instrument. Significant differences were obtained after sensitivity to change analysis in the scores of all domains except sexual performance. The correlation between the domains of urinary symptoms, pain, and general health was high. The analysis of specific symptoms showed important affection in all domains, being more significant in urinary symptoms and pain. The ureteral catheter also affected the daily life and work performance. There were no significant differences when comparing the symptoms by gender or age. CONCLUSIONS: Spanish version of the USSQ is appropriate for assessing the symptoms associated with ureteral stent in the Spanish-speaking population. The ureteral catheter significantly affects the various aspects of life in this population. 
OBJECTIVES: To assess the reliability and reproducibility of estimations of group mean 24-h urinary sodium (Na) excretion through timed spot urines compared to 24 h urinary Na output in two independent cross-sectional population samples including men and women and different ethnic groups. METHODS AND RESULTS: Study 1 was carried out in Britain and included 915 untreated 40-59 yrs male and female participants (297 white, 326 of black African origin and 292 South Asian). Study 2 was carried out in Italy and included 148 white men (mean age 58.3 yrs). All participants provided both a 24-h urine collection and a timed urine sample as part of population surveys. Na, creatinine (Cr) and volume (V) were measured in all samples. Age, body mass index (BMI) and blood pressure (BP) were also measured. We compared the daily Na excretion through 24-h urine (gold standard) with its estimate from timed urine samples with two methods: Tanaka's predictions and Arithmetic extrapolations, and assessed them with correlation coefficients, Bland-Altman plot, prediction of quintile position and Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Areas Under the Curve (AUC) for a cut-off of <100 mmol of Na/day. In Study 1 (discovery study) with the Tanaka method there were poor correlations between predicted and measured 24-h Na excretions in different ethnic groups and genders (r Spearman from 0.055 [R(2) = 0.003] in black women to 0.330 [R(2) = 0.11] in white women). The Bland-Altman plots indicated consistent bias with overestimate for low and underestimate for high intakes. ROC AUCs varied from 0.521 to 0.652 with good sensitivity (95-100%) but very poor specificity (0-9%). With the Arithmetic extrapolations correlations varied from 0.116 [R(2) = 0.01] to 0.367 [R(2) = 0.13]. Bias was detected with both Bland-Altman plots and through quintile analyses (underestimate at low levels and overestimate at high levels). Finally, ROC AUCs varied from 0.514 to 0.640 with moderate sensitivity (64-70%) but low specificity (20-53%). In Study 2 (validation study) results were consistent with the discovery phase in white men. CONCLUSION: Based on these results, 24-h urinary collection for the measurement of Na excretion remains the preferred tool for assessing salt intake when compared with reported methods based on timed spot urine samples. 
BACKGROUND: Gut lactobacilli can affect the metabolic functions of healthy humans. We tested whether a 1500 kcal/d diet supplemented with cheese containing the probiotic Lactobacillus plantarum TENSIA (Deutsche Sammlung fr Mikroorganismen, DSM 21380) could reduce some symptoms of metabolic syndrome in Russian adults with obesity and hypertension. METHODS: In this 3-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel pilot study, 25 subjects ingested probiotic cheese and 15 ingested control cheese. Fifty grams of each cheese provided 175 kcal of energy. Blood pressure (BP), anthropometric characteristics, markers of liver and kidney function, metabolic indices (plasma glucose, lipids, and cholesterol), and urine polyamines were measured. Counts of fecal lactobacilli and L. plantarum TENSIA were evaluated using molecular methods. The data were analyzed by t-test for independent samples and Spearman's partial correlation analysis. RESULTS: The probiotic L. plantarum TENSIA was present in variable amounts (529.6  232.5 gene copies) in 16/25 (64%) study subjects. Body mass index (BMI) was significantly reduced (p = 0.031) in the probiotic cheese group versus the control cheese group. The changes in BMI were closely associated with the water content of the body (r = 0.570, p = 0.0007) when adjusted for sex and age. Higher values of intestinal lactobacilli after probiotic cheese consumption were associated with higher BMI (r = 0.383, p = 0.0305) and urinary putrescine content (r = 0.475, p = 0.006). In patients simultaneously treated with BP-lowering drugs, similar reductions of BP were observed in both groups. A positive association was detected between TENSIA colonization and the extent of change of morning diastolic BP (r = 0.617, p = 0.0248) and a trend toward lower values of morning systolic BP (r = -0.527, p = 0.0640) at the end of the study after adjusting for BMI, age, and sex. CONCLUSION: In a pilot study of obese hypertensive patients, a hypocaloric diet supplemented with a probiotic cheese helps to reduce BMI and arterial BP values, recognized symptoms of metabolic syndrome. 
BACKGROUND: Blood levels of gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) are used as a marker for (heavy) alcohol use. The role of GGT in the anti-oxidant defense mechanism that is part of normal metabolism supposes a causal effect of alcohol intake on GGT. However, there is variability in the response of GGT to alcohol use, which may result from genetic differences between individuals. This study aimed to determine whether the epidemiological association between alcohol intake and GGT at the population level is necessarily a causal one or may also reflect effects of genetic pleiotropy (genes influencing multiple traits). METHODS: Data on alcohol intake (grams alcohol/day) and GGT, originating from twins, their siblings and parents (N=6465) were analyzed with structural equation models. Bivariate genetic models tested whether genetic and environmental factors influencing alcohol intake and GGT correlated significantly. Significant genetic and environmental correlations are consistent with a causal model. If only the genetic correlation is significant, this is evidence for genetic pleiotropy. RESULTS: Phenotypic correlations between alcohol intake and GGT were significant in men (r=.17) and women (r=.09). The genetic factors underlying alcohol intake correlated significantly with those for GGT, whereas the environmental factors were weakly correlated (explaining 4-7% vs. 1-2% of the variance in GGT respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In this healthy population sample, the epidemiological association of alcohol intake with GGT is at least partly explained by genetic pleiotropy. Future longitudinal twin studies should determine whether a causal mechanism underlying this association might be confined to heavy drinking populations. 
For quality, safety and efficacy of blood components, adequate infrastructure and trained manpower are essential requirements. Objective of this study is to analyse existing systems of transfusion services in north India, various testing methodologies practiced and to assess the level of knowledge of health care professionals working at these centres. Participants included laboratory technicians and nurses whose knowledge and various practices at blood centres were assessed using a questionnaire. Knowledge of those having more experience, working at urban blood centres and received an additional training was significantly higher. Only a few blood centres are performing all mandatory tests on donors' samples. 
OBJECTIVE: To validate the Bladder Control Self-Assessment Questionnaire (B-SAQ), a short screener to assess lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and overactive bladder (OAB) in men. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a prospective, single-centre study including 211 patients in a urology outpatient setting. All patients completed the B-SAQ and Kings Health Questionnaire (KHQ) before consultation, and the consulting urologist made an independent assessment of LUTS and the need for treatment. The psychometric properties of the B-SAQ were analysed. RESULTS: A total of 98% of respondents completed all items correctly in <5 min. The mean B-SAQ scores were 12 and 3.3, respectively for cases (n = 101) and controls (n = 108) (P < 0.001). Good correlation was evident between the B-SAQ and the KHQ. The agreement percentages between the individual B-SAQ items and the KHQ symptom severity scale were 86, 85, 84 and 79% for frequency, urgency, nocturia and urinary incontinence, respectively. Using a B-SAQ symptom score threshold of 4 alone had sensitivity, specificity and positive predictive values for detecting LUTS of 75, 86 and 84%, respectively, with an area under the curve of 0.88; however, in combination with a bother score threshold of 1 these values changed to 92, 46 and 86%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The B-SAQ is an easy and quick valid case-finding tool for LUTS/OAB in men, but appears to be less specific in men than in women. The B-SAQ has the potential to raise awareness of LUTS. Further validation in a community setting is required. 
Zinc may participate in blood pressure regulation and in the pathogenesis of hypertension. The study examined the relationship between zinc status and blood pressure in obese Korean women. Forty obese women (body mass index (BMI)  25 kg/m(2)) aged 19-28 years participated in this study. Zinc intake was estimated from one 24 hour recall and 2-day diet records. Serum and urinary zinc concentrations were determined by atomic absorbance spectrophotometry. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were measured using an automatic sphygmometer. Metabolic variables, such as waist circumference, triglyceride, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, fasting glucose, and fasting insulin, were also measured. Dietary zinc intake of obese women was averagely 7.5 mg/day. Serum zinc and urinary zinc concentrations were 13.4 mol/L and 378.7 g/day, respectively. Averages of SBP and DBP were 119 mmHg and 78 mmHg. Dietary zinc intake was negatively correlated with SBP after adjusting for energy intake (P < 0.05), but serum and urinary zinc concentrations were not found to be correlated with SBP or DBP. Multivariate linear regression analysis showed that dietary zinc intake was inversely associated with SBP in obese women after adjusting for body weight, energy intake and sodium intake (P = 0.0145). The results show that dietary zinc intake may be an independent risk factor of elevated SBP in obese Korean women. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Folate, pyridoxine and cobalamin are coenzymatically essential in one-carbon methyl metabolism, and their deficiencies could explain some alterations during breast carcinogenesis. We aimed to evaluate the validity of folate, pyridoxine and cobalamin estimates from a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) on the basis of their corresponding fasting plasma biomarkers, in breast cancer (BC) patients. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In a prospective, consecutive case series, 149 women with primary BC aged between 30 and 69 years as a representative sample of Iranian women with BC were recruited. The 136-item FFQ was used for the validity assay. Fasting plasma folate and cobalamin were tested by automated electrochemiluminescence. The high-pressure liquid chromatography with fluorescence detection was used to determine the plasma levels of pyridoxal-5'-phosphate (PLP) and total homocysteine (tHcy). RESULTS: Area under the curve (AUC) for assessing the diagnostic accuracy of folate-related data through an FFQ was 0.74 (P<0.01) in the reference model (folate plasma level<5.9 ng/ml), with sensitivity and specificity of 68% and 63%, respectively. The positive and negative predictive values (PPV and NPV) were 96.9% and 96.8%, respectively. The AUC for cobalamin intake in the reference model (plasma cobalamin<260 pmol/l) was 0.64 (P<0.01), with 60% sensitivity and 61% specificity. Although tHcy 10.0 mol/l was used as reference indicator, the folate intake (AUC=0.71, P<0.01) and cobalamin intake status (AUC=0.67, P<0.05) were also determined appropriately by FFQ. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary folate and cobalamin estimates from FFQ were significantly correlated with their fasting plasma concentrations. Our data supported the validity of new FFQ to rank individuals by dietary intake status of folate and cobalamin. 
Dietary fiber intake might reduce cardiovascular risk factor levels and, in turn, might lower the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). A total of 11,113 subjects, aged 20 to 79years with no history of CVD, from the 2005 to 2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey were included in the present study to examine associations of dietary fiber intake with predicted lifetime CVD risk and C-reactive protein levels. Dietary fiber intake showed a significant gradient association with the likelihood of having a low or an intermediate predicted lifetime CVD risk among young and middle-age adults. In fully adjusted multinomial logistic models, dietary fiber intake was related to a low lifetime CVD risk with an odds ratio of 2.71 (95% confidence interval 2.05 to 3.59) in the young adults and 2.13 (95% confidence interval 1.42 to 3.20) in the middle-age adults and was related to an intermediate lifetime risk of 2.65 (95% confidence interval 1.79 to 3.92) in the young and 1.98 (95% confidence interval 1.32 to 2.98) in the middle-age adults compared with a high lifetime risk. A significant inverse linear association was seen between dietary fiber intake and log-transformed C-reactive protein levels with a regression coefficient  standard error of-0.18  0.04 in the highest quartile of fiber intake compared with the lowest fiber intake. In conclusion, these data suggest that dietary fiber intake is independently associated with the predicted lifetime CVD risk, especially in young and middle-age adults. A greater amount of dietary fiber intake might be associated with lower C-reactive protein levels. 
A method for the detection of iso--acid (IAA) type ingredient congeners that are derived from the hop plant (Humulus lupulus L.) was developed to detect recent consumption of beer in blood. Three structurally similar but chemically altered IAA, also used as beer-specific ingredients, are known as "reduced IAA", consisting of the rho-, tetrahydro-, and hexahydro-IAA were also targeted. The use of a simple protein precipitation extraction and ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography system coupled with a tandem mass spectrometer system enabled detection of these analytes in both antemortem and postmortem blood. Extracts were injected onto a C18 solid-core column under gradient elution to achieve separation of isobaric analogs and isomers within a 10-min run time. Electrospray ionization in negative multiple reaction monitoring mode was used to monitor three transitions for each of the analytes that were ultimately grouped together to form a calibration curve for quantification of each of the four IAA groups. The method was fully validated according to international guidelines that included extraction efficiency, matrix effects, process efficiency, ion suppression/enhancement of co-eluting analytes, selectivity, crosstalk, accuracy and precision, stabilities, and lower limits of quantification. Finally, applicability of the method described was demonstrated by the detection of IAA ingredient congeners in the blood of a volunteer following the consumption of a relatively small amount of beer in a pilot study. 
The aim of this study was to evaluate the potential risk of mercury contamination near the Mid-Atlantic Ridge relating total mercury (THg) concentrations in the human scalp hair (n = 110) and high fish consumption levels. THg was quantified in human scalp hair, and volunteers were questioned about age, gender, and smoking habits being subsequently grouped in categories based on the individual average intake of fish meals per week. THg concentrations ([THg]) in hair samples ranged from 0.05 to 2.24 g g(-1), and significant differences were found according to age (p < 0.05) and also among volunteers presenting different fish consumption rates (p < 0.001) being the highest [THg] observed on the adult population and also on volunteers that indicated consuming five or more meals of fish per week. Results indicate a pattern of increased mercury accumulation with increasing fish consumption. Despite mercury availability and a potential mercury intake of up to seven times, the WHO provisional tolerable weekly intake of mercury value, in consequence of high fish consumption, mercury concentrations in scalp hair are comparatively low regarding recommended levels by WHO.
OBJECTIVE: High salt intake has been associated with the development of arterial hypertension, but it still remains controversial as to how salt consumption relates with central haemodynamics and central pressures. For interventional purposes, it is crucial to identify the main food categories that contribute toward high salt consumption. METHODS: In 638 Caucasian hypertensive patients (age 5015 years, 329 women) enrolled for 7 years, we evaluate the independent relationship between urinary sodium (UNa, mean 20778 mEq/24 h) or potassium (UK, mean 7926 mEq/24 h) excretion measured in validated 24-h samples and office blood pressure (BP), 24 h BP, central pulse pressure, and parameters of central pulse wave analysis. A subgroup (n=154) of this population (UNa, mean 20575 mEq/24 h) was also subjected to structured validated food frequency questionnaires on dietary habits. RESULTS: Multiple regression analysis showed that UNa was associated independently with increases in 24-h systolic BP, central pulse pressure, and augmented aortic augmentation index (AIx) and associated inversely with pulse pressure amplification. In the subgroup, patients of the upper tercile of distribution of UNa (28821 mEq/24 h) ate significantly higher amounts (g/day) of vegetables, sauces, bread, cheese, fries and sausages/cold meat, yielding an estimation that bread could account for 20-27% of all daily salt intake. CONCLUSION: Reduction of salt intake on the basis of the main food sources that we have identified could also influence cardiovascular risk throughout effects on 24-h and central pressures. 
BACKGROUND: Validation of Food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) is particularly important element, as incorrect information may lead to false associations between dietary factors and diseases. The aim of the study was to evaluate the validity of the FFQ used in NESCAV (Nutrition, Environment and Cardiovascular Health) study, by comparing the estimated intakes of fruits and vegetables and of several micro-nutrients with corresponding nutritional biomarkers. METHODS: Relative validity was assessed in a sample of 922 subjects (452 men and 470 women). Comparisons between FFQ-estimates and their corresponding biomarkers were performed through correlation and cross classification into quintiles by using both crude and energy-adjusted FFQ-estimates. Correlations adjusted for confounders were also computed. All analyses were performed separately for men and women. RESULTS: Concerning micro-nutrients, significant correlations were found for vitamin B9, D, E, B12 -carotene and iodine in both men and women. Energy-adjustment led to an increase of all correlations cited previously. However, after excluding supplement users, correlations for vitamin D were not significant anymore. Concerning fruits and vegetables, all correlations were significant. Vegetables alone and fruits and vegetables correlated better in men (r around 0.2) than in women (r around 0.1). In men, correlation was also better for vegetables alone and fruits and vegetables than fruits alone. CONCLUSION: These data demonstrate that this FFQ is a reasonable tool to assess intakes of fruits and vegetables and of several micro-nutrients. We conclude that our FFQ is suitable to be used in NESCAV study, although protein and vitamin D estimates should be interpreted with caution. 
OBJECTIVES: To determine whether preservation of physical function with aging may be partially met through modification in dietary protein intake. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Women's Health Initiative (WHI) Clinical Trials (CT) and Observational Study (OS) conducted at 40 clinical centers. PARTICIPANTS: Women aged 50 to 79 (N = 134,961) with dietary data and one or more physical function measures. MEASUREMENTS: Physical function was assessed using the short-form RAND-36 at baseline and annually beginning in 2005 for all WHI participants and at closeout for CT participants (average ~7 years after baseline). In a subset of 5,346 participants, physical performance measures (grip strength, number of chair stands in 15 seconds, and timed 6-m walk) were assessed at baseline and Years 1, 3, and 6. Calibrated energy and protein intake were derived from regression equations using baseline food frequency questionnaire data collected on the entire cohort and doubly labeled water and 24-hour urinary nitrogen collected from a representative sample as reference measures. Associations between calibrated protein intake and each of the physical function measures were assessed using generalized estimating equations. RESULTS: Calibrated protein intake ranged from 6.6% to 22.3% energy. Higher calibrated protein intake at baseline was associated with higher self-reported physical function (quintile (Q)5, 85.6, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 81.9-87.5; Q1, 75.4, 95% CI = 73.2-78.5, P trend = .002) and a slower rate of functional decline (annualized change: Q5, -0.47, 95% CI = -0.63 to -0.39; Q1, -0.98, 95% CI = -1.18 to -0.75, P trend = .02). Women with higher calibrated protein intake also had greater grip strength at baseline (Q5, 24.7 kg, 95% CI = 24.3-25.2 kg; Q1, 24.1 kg, 95% CI = 23.6-24.5 kg, P trend = .04) and slower declines in grip strength (annualized change: Q5, -0.45 kg, 95% CI = -0.39 to -0.63 kg; Q1, -0.59 kg, 95% CI = -0.50 to -0.66 kg, P trend = .03). Women with higher calibrated protein intake also completed more chair stands at baseline (Q5, 7.11, 95% CI = 6.91-7.26; Q1, 6.61, 95% CI = 6.46-6.76, P trend = .002). CONCLUSION: Higher calibrated protein intake is associated with better physical function and performance and slower rates of decline in postmenopausal women. 
BACKGROUND: A reduction in the formation of free radicals and oxidative stress might reduce the rate of bone loss and muscle wasting. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether -tocopherol intake or serum concentrations are associated with fracture risk in older women and men. DESIGN: Two cohort studies, the Swedish Mammography Cohort (SMC; n = 61,433 women) and the Uppsala Longitudinal Study of Adult Men (ULSAM; n = 1138 men), were used. RESULTS: During 19 y of follow-up, 14,738 women in the SMC experienced a first fracture at any site (3871 hip fractures). A higher hip fracture rate was observed with lower intakes of -tocopherol. Compared with the highest quintile of intake, the lowest quintile had a multivariable-adjusted HR of 1.86 (95% CI: 1.67, 2.06). The HR of any fracture was 1.20 (95% CI: 1.14, 1.28). -Tocopherol-containing supplement use was associated with a reduced rate of hip fracture (HR: 0.78; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.93) and any fracture (HR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.78, 0.94). Compared with the highest quintile of -tocopherol intake in ULSAM (follow-up: 12 y), lower intakes (quintiles 1-4) were associated with a higher rate of hip fracture (HR: 3.33; 95% CI: 1.43, 7.76) and any fracture (HR: 1.84; 95% CI: 1.18, 2.88). The HR for hip fracture in men for each 1-SD decrease in serum -tocopherol was 1.58 (95% CI: 1.13, 2.22) and for any fracture was 1.23 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.48). CONCLUSION: Low intakes and low serum concentrations of -tocopherol are associated with an increased rate of fracture in elderly women and men. 
Because of wide exposure to phthalates, we investigated whether simultaneous exposure to several phthalates reached levels that might cause adverse antiandrogenic effects. Thirty three healthy young Danish men each delivered three 24-h urine samples during a three months period. The daily intakes of the sum of di-n-butyl and di-iso-butyl phthalate, di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate, di-iso-nonyl phthalate, and butylbenzyl phthalate were estimated based on urinary excretion of the metabolites. Based on a hazard quotient (HQ) of the individual phthalate (i.e., the ratio between the daily intake and an acceptable level of exposure), a hazard index (HI) for each man was calculated as the sum of HQs for the individual phthalates. All men were exposed to all phthalates during the urine collection periods. Median HIs were all below 1 (i.e., below an acceptable cumulative threshold) ranging from 0.11 to 0.17 over the three different sample collections. Of the 33 men, 2 men had HIs above 1 in one of their three samples, indicating that occasionally the combined exposure to the investigated phthalates reached a level that may not be considered safe. Besides the phthalates investigated here, humans are exposed to numerous other chemicals that also may contribute to a cumulative antiandrogenic exposure. 
BACKGROUND: Effects of dairy consumption on metabolic health and adiposity are inconsistent. Most clinical trials have investigated dairy intake, frequently during caloric restriction, in overweight or obese populations but not in a metabolic syndrome population. We investigated the effect of increased dairy intake without caloric restriction on anthropometrics, plasma lipids, and glucose in typically low-dairy consumers who met the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) metabolic syndrome criteria. METHODS: Male (n=14) and female (n=23) adults (54.1  9.7 years) with metabolic syndrome were randomized to consume low-fat dairy (LFD) (10 oz of 1% milk, 6 oz of nonfat yogurt, 4 oz of 2% cheese) or carbohydrate control (CNT) (1.5-oz granola bar and 12 oz of 100% juice) foods for 6 weeks in a crossover study design. Anthropometrics, metabolic syndrome parameters, insulin resistance, and parathyroid hormone were measured. Body composition was analyzed by a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan for a subset of subjects (n=22). RESULTS: LFD modulated metabolic syndrome parameters differently according to gender. Following LFD, men had lower glucose (95.4  9.1 vs. 98.9  10.6 mg/dL, P=0.048), whereas women had lower body weight (BW), waist circumference, and body mass index (P<0.01) compared to CNT. Women also had lower energy intake following LFD compared to CNT. Increases in phosphorus (a dairy nutrient) were negatively correlated with decreases in BW (r=-0.537; P<0.01) and body fat in women (r=-0.593, P<0.025), whereas the decreases in energy intake had no correlation with anthropometrics. CONCLUSIONS: Three dairy servings/day promoted small but significant improvements differentially by gender in a metabolic syndrome population. 
Plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 (PAI-1) has been associated with metabolic disorders, through different mechanisms, which could involve changes in DNA methylation. This work aimed to assess the potential relationships of the cytosine methylation levels within SERPINE1 gene transcriptional regulatory region, which codes for PAI-1, in peripheral white blood cells with anthropometrical, metabolic and inflammatory features. Forty-six obese subjects with metabolic syndrome features followed Control or Metabolic Syndrome Reduction in Navarra (RESMENA) energy-restricted (-30%E) diets for 8 weeks. SERPINE1 transcriptional regulatory region methylation at baseline was analyzed by a microarray technical. Both dietary strategies reduced anthropometric and biochemical parameters. The Control group significantly reduced plasma PAI-1 concentrations but not the RESMENA group. Participants from both nutritional interventions with higher SERPINE1 methylation levels at baseline showed significantly major reductions in body weight, total fat mass, android fat mass, total cholesterol and triglycerides, as compared with those with lower initial SERPINE1 methylation levels. In conclusion, the DNA methylation levels of SERPINE1 transcriptional regulatory region were associated with some metabolic and anthropometric changes in obese subjects with metabolic syndrome under energy restriction, suggesting a complex epigenetic network in the regulation of this recognized pro-inflammatory marker. (www.clinicaltrials.gov; NCT01087086). 
The various toxic effects associated with inorganic arsenic (iAs) warrants that exposure sources be identified. This pilot study evaluated if greater seafood consumption from Vieques-Puerto Rico is associated with increased exposure to iAs. Nail, hair, and urine samples were used as biomarkers of iAs exposure in adult women and men from Vieques classified as high (n = 31) and low (n = 21) seafood consumers, who reported eating fish and/or shellfish 1 time per week and once per month or less, respectively. The sum of urinary iAs (As III + As V), monomethylarsonic acid (MA[V]), and dimethylarsinic acid (DMA[V]), denoted as SumAs, fluctuated from 3.3 g/g Cr (1.2 g/L) to 42.7 g/g Cr (42 g/L) (n = 52). Levels of As in nail samples (n = 49) varied from 0.04 to 0.82 g/g dry weight (dw), whereas in hair (n = 49) As was only detected in 49 % of the samples with a maximum value of 0.95 g/g dw. None of the biomarkers of exposure to As exceeded exposure reference values for urine (50 g/g Cr or 50 g/L), nails (1 g/g), or hair (1 g/g). However, median (10.0 g/g Cr; 10.6 g/L) and 95th percentile (31.9 g/g Cr; 40.4 g/L) of urinary SumAs were higher in Vieques samples than in the those from the general population of other countries. Among the three biomarkers of exposure, nail samples reflected better the exposure to iAs from seafood consumption with significantly higher average As concentrations in high (0.24 g/g) than low (0.12 g/g) seafood consumers. Multivariate results for As in nail samples (R(2) = 0.55, p < 0.0001) showed a positive association with fish consumption, particularly for men, with levels increasing with years of residency in Vieques.
Inverse associations have been reported of overall vegetable intake to blood pressure (BP); whether such relations prevail for both raw and cooked vegetables has not been examined. Here we report cross-sectional associations of vegetable intakes with BP for 2195 Americans ages 40-59 in the International Study of Macro/Micronutrients and Blood Pressure (INTERMAP) using four standardized multi-pass 24-h dietary recalls and eight BP measurements. Relations to BP of raw and cooked vegetables consumption, and main individual constituents were assessed by multiple linear regression. Intakes of both total raw and total cooked vegetables considered separately were inversely related to BP in multivariate-adjusted models. Estimated average systolic BP differences associated with two s.d. differences in raw vegetable intake (68g per 1000kcal) and cooked vegetable intake (92g per 1000kcal) were -1.9mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI): -3.1, -0.8; P=0.001) and -1.3mmHg (95% CI: -2.5, -0.2; P=0.03) without body mass index (BMI) in the full model; -1.3mmHg (95% CI: -2.4, -0.2; P=0.02) and -0.9mmHg (95% CI: -2.0, 0.2; P=0.1) with additional adjustment for BMI. Among commonly consumed individual raw vegetables, tomatoes, carrots, and scallions related significantly inversely to BP. Among commonly eaten cooked vegetables, tomatoes, peas, celery, and scallions related significantly inversely to BP. 
Biomarkers of dietary intake are prominent tools in nutritional research. The alkylresorcinol metabolites 3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid (3,5-DHBA) and 3-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid (3,5-DHPPA) have been proposed as exposure biomarkers of whole-grain (WG) wheat and rye intake. However, the profile of alkylresorcinol metabolites is not fully understood. The aim of this study was to investigate the metabolism of alkylresorcinols in mice and in humans, while further determining urinary pharmacokinetics of the novel alkylresorcinol metabolites to explore their potential as biomarkers of WG wheat intake. Utilization of the liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry approach resulted in 10 alkylresorcinol metabolites identified in mice and in humans, including 3 phenolic acids and 7 of their phase II conjugates. Among them, 2 novel metabolites were discovered: 5-(3,5-dihydroxyphenyl)pentanoic acid (3,5-DHPPTA) and 2-(3,5-dihydroxybenzamido)acetic acid (3,5-DHBA glycine). The structures of these 2 metabolites were confirmed by comparing with authentic standards synthesized in-house. In the pharmacokinetic study, a group of 12 volunteers consumed a polyphenolic-restricted diet for 4 d before ingesting WG wheat bread containing 61 mg of alkylresorcinols. Urine samples were collected for 32 h, and alkylresorcinol metabolites were quantified with HPLC-coulometric electrode array detection. The mean urinary excretion rates and mean apparent half-life of 3,5-DHPPTA, 3,5-DHBA glycine, 3,5-DHBA, and 3,5-DHPPA at each time point were determined. Our results suggest that 3,5-DHPPTA and 3,5-DHBA glycine may be used in combination with 3,5-DHBA and 3,5-DHPPA as potential biomarkers to increase the accuracy of recording WG wheat and rye intake in epidemiologic studies. Further validation of 3,5-DHPPTA and 3,5-DHBA glycine as potential biomarkers is warranted. 
This study investigated human exposure to neutral, phenolic, and methoxylated organohalogen contaminants (OHCs) in a duplicate diet study to evaluate their concentrations in breast milk and serum of Okinawan people from Japan during 2004-2009. Dietary intakes of phenolic OHCs were predominantly 2,4,6-tribromophenol (TriBP), followed by tetrabromobisphenol A (TBBPA), and 6-hydroxy-2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether (6-OH-BDE47). After exposure, TriBP and TBBPA were transferred to breast milk, whereas 6-OH-BDE47 was selectively retained in serum. Despite a lower dietary exposure to pentachlorophenol and 4-hydroxy-CB187, both were retained in serum. For the methoxylated OHCs, 2,4,6-tribromoanisole (TriBA) and 6-methoxy-BDE47 were the predominant dietary contaminants, of which TriBA was present in both breast milk and serum, whereas 6-methoxy-BDE47 was selectively transferred to breast milk. These findings suggest that dietary exposure to phenolic and methoxylated OHCs may result in differential partitioning between breast milk and serum with different pharmacokinetic or exposure routes. 
OBJECTIVES: The present study was conducted to develop a valid and reliable Blood stasis questionnaire (BSQ), to define its optimum cut-off score, and to examine whether the BSQ score affected cardiovascular autonomic function. METHODS: Three hundred and thirty-eight outpatients (group A) and 61 inpatients (group B) were asked to complete the BSQ. In addition to the BSQ, heart rate variability parameters were recorded for group A. We estimated the internal consistency and construct validity for the BSQ data from group A. Three clinicians determined whether 61 inpatients (group B) exhibited blood stasis (BS), and we defined the optimum cut-off point for the BSQ using the clinicians' diagnoses and BSQ scores for group B. Finally, the differences in the HRV parameters between the BS and non-BS groups (group A) were examined. RESULTS: The 12-item BSQ exhibited a satisfactory internal consistency (=0.813). In the test of construct validity, a total of three factors (pain-lump, dark blue signs, and trauma) were extracted (total percentage of variance=54.8%). ROC curve analyses showed that the BSQ had a high discriminative ability for BS (AUC=0.948, 95% confidence interval 0.895-1.001). The optimum cut-off score for the BSQ was defined as three points. SDNN, TP, LF, and HF were lower in the BS group than in the non-BS group, indicating that the BS pattern partially caused a decrease in sympathetic and parasympathetic activities. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that the BSQ is a valid and reliable instrument for evaluating BS and BS may partially cause a decrease in cardiovascular autonomic function. 
BACKGROUND: There have been numerous studies assessing the association of diet and blood pressure but little is known about the association between less commonly used nutritional supplements and blood pressured. The purpose of this study was to quantify the use of dietary supplements and their potential association with blood pressure in a large population-based cohort of adults in the Midwest. METHODS: The Personalized Medicine Research Project cohort was the population source for the current study. The current study includes subjects with Dietary History Questionnaire (DHQ) data available as well as at least one clinical blood pressure measurement recorded in their electronic medical record. After excluding extreme outlying measurements, median systolic and diastolic blood pressure measurements were calculated for each individual and were compared for subjects who did and did not report taking one of a list of 37 different supplements listed on the DHQ more than once per week over the previous 12 months. RESULTS: 9,732 subjects had both blood pressure and DHQ data available. They ranged in age from 18 to 98 years (mean 56 years) and 3,625 (37%) were male. Nine of 37 supplements showed evidence for association with blood pressure: coenzyme Q10, fish oil, iron, bilberry, echinacea, evening primrose oil, garlic, goldenseal and milk thistle. With the exception of the mineral iron, mean systolic and diastolic blood pressures were higher for users of the specific supplements than non-users. CONCLUSIONS: These results should not be interpreted as causal, nor can the direction of the association be assumed to be correct because the temporality of the association is unknown. We hope the observed significant associations will foster future research to evaluate blood pressure effects of dietary supplements. 
Induction of brown-like adipocytes (brite) in white adipose tissues may allow the conversion of lipid storage cells in fat-burning cells. Little is known concerning browning potential in males compared with females. In this study, we aimed to analyse whether gender differences were present in gene expression of "brite" markers as well as the impact of dietary manipulation at both early stages and adulthood in rats. We have determined the expression of brite markers and genes associated with lipid and energy metabolism in inguinal adipose tissue in adult male and female rats. We have analysed the impact of high-fat (HF) diet in adult life and of early leucine supplementation (2%) during lactation. Results show that although both genders have the potential to induce brite genes in inguinal adipose tissue, males expressed higher levels (CIDEA, HOXC9 and SHOX2), which would imply a higher browning capacity in comparison with females. Minor impact of HF diet in adult life was observed in most of the genes studied. Interestingly, results showed that early Leu was able to compromise the metabolic fate of white and brite adipocytes later in adult life. Leucine supplementation programmed higher expression of cell death-inducing DFFA-like effector, accompanied with induction of sterol regulatory element binding transcription 1c factor and lower UPC2 expression, particularly in females. In addition, Leucine supplementation was associated with higher expression of leptin and PPAR and decreased carnitine palmitoyl transferase in both genders. Although the exact role of these adaptations needs further comprehensive analysis, dietary Leu supplementation at early age programmed inguinal adipose tissue in a gender specific manner. 
OBJECTIVE: Adherence to a healthy diet has been shown to decrease the incidence of obesity and associated comorbidities. C-reactive protein (CRP) is an established inflammatory marker and irisin was recently identified as a molecule which may play a role in energy regulation and obesity but whether diet alters irisin levels remains unknown. We aimed to investigate the association between circulating irisin, leptin, and CRP levels and dietary quantity and quality using the Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) and the Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMED). MATERIALS/METHODS: The study evaluated dietary data and biomarker levels of 151 participants between 2009 and 2011 (71 male vs. 80 female, over 35 years old, obese 43.7%). AHEI and aMED scores were calculated based on data derived from self-administered 110-item food-frequency questionnaires estimating usual nutrient intake over the past year. Cross-sectional associations between dietary quantity, quality, body composition by bioelectric impedance, and biomarker levels including irisin, leptin, and CRP after fasting were assessed. RESULTS: CRP, but not irisin, was negatively correlated with AHEI (r=-0.34) and aMED (r=-0.31). Irisin was positively correlated with BMI (r=0.22), fat mass (r=0.21), waist circumference (r=0.24), waist-hip ratio (r=0.20), leptin (r=0.32), and CRP (r=0.25). Participants with the highest AHEI scores tended to have 11.6% lower concentrations of irisin (P for trend =0.09), but they were not significant after adjustment for potential confounders. Better diet quality was associated with lower CRP concentrations (P for trend=0.02) in multivariate model. Percentage of energy from carbohydrate was inversely associated with CRP. CONCLUSIONS: Unlike CRP, irisin is not associated with dietary quality or quantity. 
PURPOSE: American Urological Association guidelines suggest dietary changes as first line treatment for interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome. We previously developed a validated survey instrument to determine which foods, beverages and supplements exacerbate the symptoms of this condition. In this study we developed a shortened questionnaire that would provide an easily self-administered food symptom history useful for clinical practice and future research. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Using data from our previously validated food sensitivity questionnaire we remodeled the original lengthy survey to an abbreviated list including the 35 most problematic comestibles. The instrument was reviewed by a panel of experts for face and content validity, and tested for internal consistency, readability and clarity, and test-retest reliability. RESULTS: Of the 124 patients who completed a baseline questionnaire 52 (42%) returned the second instrument 1 week after completing the first instrument. Internal consistency was high (=0.96). A total of 47 patients (90.4%) indicated that they were food sensitive. Questionnaire test-retest reliability assessed by the Spearman correlation coefficient ranged from moderate (=0.48 for Equal) to very strong (=0.90 for beer). Discrepancies between the survey instruments in individual comestibles occurred only 1% of the time. CONCLUSIONS: Our short form diet history questionnaire based on a previously validated long form is a reliable, newly validated instrument that will help identify comestibles associated with interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome symptoms. Its brevity makes it simple to administer and useful for dietary management in this population. 
BACKGROUND: Few studies have investigated the association between whole-grain intake and colorectal cancer. Because whole-grain intake estimation might be prone to measurement errors, more objective measures (eg, biomarkers) could assist in investigating such associations. METHODS: The association between alkylresorcinols, biomarkers of whole-grain rye and wheat intake, and colorectal cancer incidence were investigated using prediagnostic plasma samples from colorectal cancer case patients and matched control subjects nested within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. We included 1372 incident colorectal cancer case patients and 1372 individual matched control subjects and calculated the incidence rate ratios (IRRs) for overall and anatomical subsites of colorectal cancer using conditional logistic regression adjusted for potential confounders. Regional differences (Scandinavia, the Mediterranean, Central Europe) were also explored. RESULTS: High plasma total alkylresorcinol concentration was associated with lower incidence of distal colon cancer; the adjusted incidence rate ratio of distal colon cancer for the highest vs lowest quartile of plasma total alkylresorcinols was 0.48 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.28 to 0.83). An inverse association between plasma total alkylresorcinol concentrations and colon cancer was found for Scandinavian participants (IRR per doubling = 0.83; 95% CI = 0.70 to 0.98). However, plasma total alkylresorcinol concentrations were not associated with overall colorectal cancer, proximal colon cancer, or rectal cancer. Plasma alkylresorcinols concentrations were associated with colon and distal colon cancer only in Central Europe and Scandinavia (ie, areas where alkylresorcinol levels were higher). CONCLUSIONS: High concentrations of plasma alkylresorcinols were associated with a lower incidence of distal colon cancer but not with overall colorectal cancer, proximal colon cancer, and rectal cancer. 
Although laboratory data suggest that several flavonoid subclasses are involved in glucose metabolism, limited clinical and epidemiologic data are available. The current study examined associations between habitual intake of flavonoid subclasses, insulin resistance, and related inflammatory biomarkers. In a cross-sectional study of 1997 females aged 18-76 y, intakes of total flavonoids and their subclasses (flavanones, anthocyanins, flavan-3-ols, polymeric flavonoids, flavonols, flavones) were calculated from food frequency questionnaires using an extended USDA database. Fasting serum glucose, insulin, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP; n = 1432), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (n = 843), and adiponectin (n = 1452) concentrations were measured. In multivariable analyses, higher anthocyanin and flavone intake were associated with significantly lower peripheral insulin resistance [homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance; quintile 5 (Q5) to Q1 = -0.1, P-trend = 0.04 for anthocyanins and flavones] as a result of a decrease in insulin concentrations (Q5-Q1 = -0.7 U/mL, P-trend = 0.02 anthocyanins; Q5-Q1 = -0.5 U/mL, P-trend = 0.02 flavones). Higher anthocyanin intake was also associated with lower hs-CRP concentrations (Q5-Q1 = -0.3 mg/L, P-trend = 0.04), whereas those in the highest quintile of flavone intake had improved adiponectin concentrations (Q5-Q1 = 0.7 g/L, P-trend = 0.01). Anthocyanin-rich foods were also associated with lower insulin and inflammation levels. No significant associations were observed for total or other flavonoid subclasses. Higher intakes of both anthocyanins and flavones were associated with improvements in insulin resistance and hs-CRP. These associations were found with intakes readily achieved in the diet. The observed reduction in insulin concentrations was similar to that reported previously for other lifestyle factors. Dose-response trials are needed to ascertain optimal intakes for the potential reduction of type 2 diabetes risk. 
A biomarker is a measured characteristic that may be used as an indicator of some biological state or condition. In health and disease, biomarkers have been used not only for clinical diagnosis purposes but also as tools to assess effectiveness of a nutrition or drug intervention. When considering nutrition studies, evaluating the appropriate biomarker is a useful tool to assess compliance and incidence of a particular dietary component in the biochemistry of the organism. Fish oil is rich in -3 fatty acids that have well-known beneficial effects on human health mainly through its anti-inflammatory properties. It has been widely use to improve health and as a nutrition supplement in different pathological conditions such as cardiovascular, neurological, and critically ill related diseases. Eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid levels present in different biological moieties (plasma, cellular membranes, adipose tissue, etc) are the best biomarkers of fish oil intake. Each biological source of fatty acids has its own advantages and disadvantages, thus which biomarker to choose and where to measure it requires a comprehension of the objectives of the investigation. In this article we will review key facts about fish oil intake biomarkers to evaluate how components of a specific diet could be monitored and identified in biological samples. Having an accurate assessment of nutrition patterns could provide effective targets for intervention aimed at modifying eating habits and lifestyle towards the improvement of health. 
OBJECTIVE: Short sleep duration induces hormonal perturbations contributing to hyperphagia, insulin resistance, and obesity. The majority of these studies are conducted in young adults. This analysis in a large (n = 769) sample of postmenopausal women (median age 63 years) sought to (a) confirm that sleep duration and sleep quality are negatively correlated with circulating leptin concentrations and (b) to examine the relationship between self-reported sleep, dietary energy intake, and diet quality, as well as, investigate the role of leptin in these associations. METHODS: Sleep duration/quality, insomnia, and dietary intake were determined via self-report. Blood samples were collected following an overnight fast to assess serum leptin concentration. All analyses were adjusted for total body fat mass. RESULTS: Women reporting 6 hr sleep/night had lower serum leptin concentrations than those reporting 8 hr sleep (P = 0.04). Furthermore, those with 6 hr sleep/night reported higher dietary energy intake (P = 0.01) and lower diet quality (P = 0.04) than the reference group (7 hr sleep/night). Women sleeping 8 hr also reported lower diet quality than the reference group (P = 0.02). Importantly, serum leptin did not confound these associations. CONCLUSIONS: These results provide evidence that sleep duration is inversely associated with serum leptin and dietary energy intake in postmenopausal women. 
Apples are rich in polyphenols, which provide antioxidant properties, mediation of cellular processes such as inflammation, and modulation of gut microbiota. In this study we compared genetically engineered apples with increased flavonoids [myeloblastis transcription factor 10 (MYB10)] with nontransformed apples from the same genotype, "Royal Gala" (RG), and a control diet with no apple. Compared with the RG diet, the MYB10 diet contained elevated concentrations of the flavonoid subclasses anthocyanins, flavanol monomers (epicatechin) and oligomers (procyanidin B2), and flavonols (quercetin glycosides), but other plant secondary metabolites were largely unaltered. We used these apples to investigate the effects of dietary flavonoids on inflammation and gut microbiota in 2 mouse feeding trials. In trial 1, male mice were fed a control diet or diets supplemented with 20% MYB10 apple flesh and peel (MYB-FP) or RG apple flesh and peel (RG-FP) for 7 d. In trial 2, male mice were fed MYB-FP or RG-FP diets or diets supplemented with 20% MYB10 apple flesh or RG apple flesh for 7 or 21 d. In trial 1, the transcription levels of inflammation-linked genes in mice showed decreases of >2-fold for interleukin-2 receptor (Il2rb), chemokine receptor 2 (Ccr2), chemokine ligand 10 (Cxcl10), and chemokine receptor 10 (Ccr10) at 7 d for the MYB-FP diet compared with the RG-FP diet (P < 0.05). In trial 2, the inflammation marker prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) in the plasma of mice fed the MYB-FP diet at 21 d was reduced by 10-fold (P < 0.01) compared with the RG-FP diet. In colonic microbiota, the number of total bacteria for mice fed the MYB-FP diet was 6% higher than for mice fed the control diet at 21 d (P = 0.01). In summary, high-flavonoid apple was associated with decreases in some inflammation markers and changes in gut microbiota when fed to healthy mice.
Calorie restriction without malnutrition, commonly referred to as dietary restriction (DR), results in a well-documented extension of life span. DR also produces significant, long-lasting improvements in biomarkers of metabolic health that begin to accrue soon after its introduction. The improvements are attributable in part to the effects of DR on energy balance, which limit fat accumulation through reduction in energy intake. Accumulation of excess body fat occurs when energy intake chronically exceeds the energy costs for growth and maintenance of existing tissue. The resulting obesity promotes the development of insulin resistance, disordered lipid metabolism, and increased expression of inflammatory markers in peripheral tissues. The link between the life-extending effects of DR and adiposity is the subject of an ongoing debate, but it is clear that decreased fat accumulation improves insulin sensitivity and produces beneficial effects on overall metabolic health. Over the last 20 years, dietary methionine restriction (MR) has emerged as a promising DR mimetic because it produces a comparable extension in life span, but surprisingly, does not require food restriction. Dietary MR also reduces adiposity but does so through a paradoxical increase in both energy intake and expenditure. The increase in energy expenditure fully compensates for increased energy intake and effectively limits fat deposition. Perhaps more importantly, the diet increases metabolic flexibility and overall insulin sensitivity and improves lipid metabolism while decreasing systemic inflammation. In this chapter, we describe recent advances in our understanding of the mechanisms and effects of dietary MR and discuss the remaining obstacles to implementing MR as a treatment for metabolic disease. 
BACKGROUND: Despite criticism of self-reported alcohol intake, it is a valuable tool to screen for alcohol abuse as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. We aimed to compare various self-reported estimates of alcohol use with -glutamyltransferase (GGT) and percentage carbohydrate deficient transferrin (%CDT) considering their relationship with blood pressure changes (%BP) over a 5-year period in black South Africans. METHOD: We recruited 1994 participants and collected 5-year followed up data (N=1246). Participants completed questionnaires on alcohol intake indicating their former and current alcohol use ('yes' response and 'no' if alcohol was never used). We assessed alcohol intake (in g) using a quantified food frequency questionnaire. We collected blood samples and measured GGT and %CDT. Brachial BP (bBP) was measured at baseline and follow-up and central BP (cBP) at follow-up only. RESULTS: Self-reported alcohol intake was significantly associated with the 5-year change in bBP before and after adjusting for confounders (%bSBP: R(2)=0.263, =0.06, P=0.023; %bDBP: R(2)=0.326, =0.08 P=0.005), as well as cSBP (R(2)=0.286, =0.09, P=0.010) and central pulse pressure (R(2)=0.254, =0.06, P=0.020). GGT and %CDT correlated well with self-reported alcohol intake (r=0.44; P=0.001; r=0.34 P=0.001), but did not associate significantly with %bBP or cBP at follow-up. CONCLUSION: Self-reported alcohol use was strongly associated with a 5-year increase in BP in Africans with a low socio-economic status. This was not found for biochemical measures, GGT and %CDT. Self-reported alcohol intake could be an important measure to implement in primary healthcare settings in middle to low income countries, where honest reporting is expected. 
BACKGROUND: Although the genetic basis of androgenic alopecia has been clearly established, little is known about its non-genetic causes, such as environmental and lifestyle factors. OBJECTIVE: This study investigated blood and urine heavy metals concentrations, environmental exposure factors, personal behaviors, dietary intakes and the genotypes of related susceptibility genes in patients with androgenic alopecia (AGA). DESIGN: Age, AGA level, residence area, work hours, sleep patterns, cigarette usage, alcohol consumption, betel nut usage, hair treatments, eating habits, body heavy metals concentrations and rs1998076, rs913063, rs1160312 and rs201571 SNP genotype data were collected from 354 men. Logistic regression analysis was performed to examine whether any of the factors displayed odds ratios (ORs) indicating association with moderate to severe AGA ( IV). Subsequently, Hosmer-Lemeshow, Nagelkerke R(2) and accuracy tests were conducted to help establish an optimal model. RESULTS: Moderate to severe AGA was associated with the AA genotype of rs1160312 (22.50, 95% CI 3.99-126.83), blood vanadium concentration (0.02, 95% CI 0.01-0.04), and regular consumption of soy bean drinks (0.23, 95% CI 0.06-0.85), after adjustment for age. The results were corroborated by the Hosmer-Lemeshow test (P = 0.73), Nagelkerke R(2) (0.59), accuracy test (0.816) and area under the curve (AUC; 0.90, 0.847-0.951) analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Blood vanadium and frequent soy bean drink consumption may provide protect effects against AGA. Accordingly, blood vanadium concentrations, the AA genotype of rs1160312 and frequent consumption of soy bean drinks are associated with AGA. 
OBJECTIVES: To validate the health and lifestyle questionnaire answered by donors to a human milk bank with respect to the presence of illegal drugs, nicotine, and caffeine levels in donor milk. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 400 human milk samples from 63 donors were analyzed by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry for the presence of 14 illegal drugs, nicotine, and caffeine. Demographics and clinical and lifestyle data (illegal drugs, tobacco, and caffeinated beverage use) were collected from the required screening questionnaire of a human milk bank. The relationship between the 2 evaluation techniques was determined. RESULTS: Illegal drugs were not found in donor milk. Nicotine (46.1ng/mL) and cotinine (138.6ng/mL) were quantified in one milk sample from a donor who did not report tobacco use in the questionnaire (1.6% false negative). Caffeine was detected in 45.3% (181/400) of the total milk samples, with a mean concentration of 496778ng/mL. The sensitivity and specificity of the questionnaire to detect caffeine in donor milk was 46% and 77%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The lifestyle questionnaire is reliable for the assessment of illicit drug use by donors to a human milk bank, but there are certain limitations regarding the identification of second-hand smoke exposure and the disclosure of consumption of caffeinated beverages. Data such as smoking habits of partners, type and volume of beverage or food containing caffeine, method of preparation, and time of day of consumption should be collected by the questionnaire. 
The aim of this study was to assess the relative validity of a 159-item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) for use among adult Singaporeans. This FFQ should be able to classify intakes of energy, total fat, saturated fat, polyunsaturated fat, monounsaturated fat and cholesterol into quintiles of intakes for purposes of epidemiological studies. A total of 126 subjects (84 women and 42 men) took part in the study which included an interview using the newly developed FFQ (assess past month's intake) and three 24-h (24 h) recalls (reference method, collected over a period of 1 month). Subjects also collected two 24 h urinary samples for urea from which total nitrogen excretion was assessed to validate protein intake. When compared to the reference method, the FFQ slighty overestimated the intakes of energy, total fat and types of fat as reflected by the difference in means and the ratio of FFQ to 24 h intakes. The overestimation ranged from 1 to 11% of the reference method. Dietary cholesterol was underestimated by 17% by the FFQ. These differences were however, not statistically significant. Pearson's correlation coefficients (95% confidence intervals (CI)) between intakes assessed by FFQ and reference method varied from 0.58 (0.45, 0.69) for total fat to 0.39 (0.23, 0.53) for polyunsaturated fat. Cross-classification into quintiles resulted in correct classification into the same or adjacent quintiles in 70% of subjects, with only one or two subjects being grossly misclassified. Nitrogen (N) intake from the 24 h recalls did not differ significantly from that estimated from the urinary nitrogen excretion. The mean ( SD) difference was 0.0  0.4 g and the Pearson correlation coefficient (95% CI) was 0.55 (0.31, 0.72). It is concluded that the newly developed FFQ is an adequate tool for classifying individuals' intakes into quintiles for epidemiological studies among Singaporean adults. 
The current study evaluated the composition and relationships of polyunsaturated fatty acid biohydrogenation products (PUFA-BHP) from the perirenal (PRF) and subcutaneous fat (SCF) of yearling steers fed a 70% grass hay diet with concentrates containing either sunflower-seed (SS) or flaxseed (FS). Analysis of variance indicated several groups or families of structurally related FA, and individual FA within these were affected by a number of novel oilseed by fat depot interactions (P<0.05). Feeding diets containing SS increased the proportions of non-conjugated 18:2 BHP (i.e., atypical dienes, AD) and conjugated linoleic acids (CLA) with the first double bond from carbon 7 to 9, trans-18:1 isomers with double bonds from carbon 6 to 12, and these PUFA-BHP had greater proportions in SCF compared to PRF (P<0.05). Enrichment of conjugated linolenic acids, AD and CLA isomers with the first double bond in position 11 or 12, and t-18:1 isomers with double bonds from carbon 13 to 16 were achieved by feeding diets containing FS, with PRF having greater proportions than SCF (P<0.05). Principal component analysis visually confirmed interaction effects on these groups/families of FA, and further confirmed or suggested a number of relationships between PUFA-BHP. Feeding SS or FS in a grass hay diet and exploiting adipose tissue differences, therefore, present unique opportunities to differentially enrich a number of PUFA-BHP which seem to have positive health potential in humans (i.e., t11-18:1, c9,t11-18:2 and c9,t11,c15-18:3). 
This study investigates the effects of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids from different fat sources (High Oleic Canola, Canola, Canola-Flaxseed (3:1 blend), Safflower, or Soybean Oil, or a Lard-based diet) on adipose tissue function and markers of inflammation in Obese Prone rats fed high-fat (55% energy) diets for 12 weeks. Adipose tissue fatty acid composition reflected the dietary fatty acid profiles. Protein levels of fatty acid synthase, but not mRNA levels, were lower in adipose tissue of all groups compared to the Lard group. Adiponectin and fatty acid receptors GPR41 and GPR43 protein levels were also altered, but other metabolic and inflammatory mediators in adipose tissue and serum were unchanged among groups. Overall, rats fed vegetable oil- or lard-based high-fat diets appear to be largely resistant to major phenotypic changes when the dietary fat composition is altered, providing little support for the importance of specific fatty acid profiles in the context of a high-fat diet. 
The subject of the present study is the evaluation of the concentrations of mercury (Hg) and selenium (Se) in fish and shellfish from the Gulf of Catania (Ionian Sea) and the assessment of related risk-based consumption limits per single contaminant in adults and children. In contrast to the potential harm from Hg, Se is an essential element that is normally found in high levels in seafood. If the amount of Hg is high enough, it could bind Se and irreversibly inhibit selenium-dependent enzymes. Thus, adequate levels of Se need to be available to replace the amount of Se lost to Hg sequestration, thereby maintaining normal selenoprotein synthesis. Hg analysis was conducted using a flow injection analysis system coupled with an atomic adsorption spectrometer, and Se analysis was conducted using an inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). Of the trace elements investigated, only Hg has a limit set by the European Community for human consumption, and this was never exceeded. Nevertheless, based on Target Hazard Quotient (THQ) over 1, and on the Estimated Daily Intake per meal (EDIm) higher than the Provisional Tolerable Intake (PTI) suggested by the Joint FAO/WHO Expert Committee on Food Additive (JECFA), Hg oral exposure derived from consumption of the benthonic fish and of the bigger pelagic fish species analyzed, could follow the occurrence of systemic effects. Se was found always in molar excess respect to Hg in all pelagic fish and in the shellfish, nearly equimolar in the benthonic fish. Determining the evidence that foods, such as pelagic fish, with high molar excess of Se, could contribute to replace the amount of Se bound to Hg and thereby maintaining normal selenoprotein synthesis, is useful for a better understanding of the seafood safety. 
INTRODUCTION: Inflammation is an important contributor to the development of chronic diseases. We examined whether a healthy Nordic diet, also called the Baltic Sea diet, associates with lower concentrations of inflammatory markers. METHODS: We used two independent cross-sectional studies: the DILGOM study including Finnish participants aged 25-74 years (n = 4579), and the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study including individuals born at Helsinki University Central Hospital between 1934 and 1944 and who participated in a clinical examination in 2001-2004 (n = 1911). Both studies measured anthropometrics, drew blood, and assessed concentrations of leptin, high-molecular-weight adiponectin, tumor necrosis factor , interleukin 6, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP). A food frequency questionnaire was used to measure dietary intake over the past year and calculate the Baltic Sea Diet Score (BSDS). RESULTS: In both studies, linear regression adjusting for age, sex, energy intake, lifestyle factors, obesity, statin medication, and upstream inflammatory markers revealed an inverse association between the BSDS and hs-CRP concentrations (P < 0.01). Especially, high intake of Nordic fruits and cereals, low intake of red and processed meat, and moderate intake of alcohol contributed to the emerged association (P < 0.05). The BSDS did not associate with other inflammatory markers. CONCLUSION: The Baltic Sea diet is associated with lower hs-CRP concentrations. 
OBJECTIVE: We reviewed epidemiological studies of soy intake and breast cancer among Japanese women. This report is one among a series of articles by our research group, which is evaluating the existing evidence concerning the association between health-related lifestyles and cancer. METHODS: Original data were obtained from MEDLINE searches using PubMed or from searches of the Ichushi database, complemented with manual searches. Evaluation of associations was based on the strength of evidence and the magnitude of association, together with biological plausibility. RESULTS: Five cohort studies and six case-control studies were identified. Among the cohort studies, two studies observed that total soy intake (in terms of total amounts of soy foods or soy isoflavones) was associated with a moderate (0.5  relative risk  0.67 with statistical significance) or strong (relative risk  0.5 with statistical significance) risk reduction of breast cancer in postmenopausal women. Among the case-control studies, two studies reported a weak (0.67  odds ratio  1.5 with statistical significance or 0.5  odds ratio  0.67 without statistical significance) inverse association between total soy intake and the risk of breast cancer. In the former, this association was observed in all women combined-premenopausal and postmenopausal women-but in the latter, the association was confined to postmenopausal women. The associations of intakes of individual soy foods with the risk of breast cancer were generally null. There is some evidence that supports the biological plausibility of a protective effect of isoflavones on breast cancer risk. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that soy intake possibly decreases the risk of breast cancer among Japanese women. 
BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Several smaller studies reported interactions between dietary factors and apolipoprotein A5 (APOA5) gene polymorphisms in determination of plasma lipids. We tested interactions between APOA5 haplotypes and dietary intake in determination of plasma triglycerides (TG) and other lipids. METHODS AND RESULTS: Participants (5487 males and females aged 45-69) were classified according to the number (0, 1, 2+) of minor APOA5 alleles (using T-1131 > C; rs662799 and Ser19 > Trp; rs3135506 polymorphisms) and into three groups of low (bottom 25%), medium (26th-75th percentile) and high (top 25%) of intake of total energy and total, saturated and polyunsaturated fats, assessed by food frequency questionnaire. The age-sex adjusted geometric means of plasma TG increased with the number of minor alleles, from 1.57 (standard error 0.01), to 1.79 (0.02) to 2.29 (0.10) mmol/L (p < 0.00001) but TG did not differ between groups with low, medium and high total energy intake (p = 0.251). TG concentrations were highest in subjects with the combination of 2+ minor alleles and the highest energy intake (mean 2.59 [0.19], compared with 1.62 [0.03] in subjects with lowest energy intake and no minor allele) but the interaction between energy intake and APOA5 haplotypes was not statistically significant (p = 0.186). Analogous analyses with total, saturated and polyunsaturated fat intake yielded similar nonsignificant results. Effects of APOA5 and dietary intakes on total and HDL cholesterol were weaker and no interactions were significant. CONCLUSION: In this Slavic Caucasian population sample, we did not detect the hypothesized interaction between common SNPs within the APOA5 gene and diet in determination of blood lipids. 
This study was performed in order to analyze the relationships between hair zinc, lead, and cadmium with the kind of diet consumed (by recall of the diet consumed the previous 14 days), living area (urban or rural), tobacco smoking, and body mass index (BMI) among 419 individuals of the Canary Archipelago. Median values and interquartile range were 43 g/g (18.50-132.50) for zinc, 4.09 g/g (2.19-8.38) for lead, and 0.128 g/g (0.05-0.30) for cadmium. We observed that hair zinc was markedly elevated among those consuming fish more frequently and, to a lesser amount, among those who consumed meat frequently, among those living in urban areas, and among those with BMI over 25 kg/m(2), keeping a significant relationship with BMI. Hair lead was also higher among fish consumers, showed a trend to higher values among inhabitants of urban areas, and was lower among obese individuals. Hair cadmium was higher among those who consumed less vegetables and fruits. By multivariate analysis, introducing the variables meat, fish, and vegetable consumption, urban/rural; sex; age; and BMI values, we observed that fish consumption (beta = 0.15) was the only variable independently associated to higher zinc levels; fish consumption (beta = 0.15) and meat consumption (beta = 0.17) were related to high cadmium levels, whereas meat consumption was significantly associated to higher hair lead levels (beta = 0.15). Therefore, we conclude that hair zinc, cadmium, and lead seem to depend more heavily on dietary habits than on tobacco consumption or living in rural or urban areas.
SCOPE: Whole-grain foods have been reported to affect serum levels of inflammatory cytokines. However, we are aware of no study examining the effect of whole-grain intake on inflammatory biomarkers among children. The present study aimed to determine the effect of whole-grain intake on serum levels of inflammatory biomarkers in overweight or obese children. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this randomized crossover clinical trial, 44 overweight or obese girls aged 8-15 years participated. After a 2-week run-in period, subjects were randomly assigned to either whole-grain or control groups. Subjects in the whole-grain group were given a list of whole-grain foods and were asked to obtain half of their needed servings of grains from whole-grain foods each day for 6 weeks. Individuals in the control group were also given a list of whole-grain foods and were asked not to consume any of these foods during the intervention phase of the study. A 4-week washout period was applied following which subjects were crossed over to the alternate arm for an additional 6 weeks. Fasting blood samples were taken before and after each phase of the study to quantify markers of systemic inflammation. Mean age, weight, and BMI of study participants were 11.2  1.49 years, 51.2  10.2 kg, and 23.5  2.5 kg/m(2) , respectively. No significant effect of whole-grain intake on weight and BMI was seen compared with the control group. We found a significant effect of whole-grain intake on serum levels of high-sensitive C-reactive protein (-21.8 versus +12.1%, p = 0.03), soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (-28.4 versus +6.3%, p = 0.02), serum amyloid A (-17.4 versus +9.9%, p = 0.02), and leptin (-9.7 versus +39.2%, p = 0.02) after 6 weeks. A trend toward the significant effect of whole-grain intake on serum levels of soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (-36.2% versus -7.8%, p = 0.07) was also observed. CONCLUSION: This study provides evidence supporting the beneficial effects of whole-grain foods on biomarkers of systemic inflammation in obese children. 
OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of ginger consumption on glycemic status, lipid profile and some inflammatory markers in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: In a double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial, 70 type 2 diabetic patients were enrolled. They allocated randomly into ginger group and control group. They consumed 1600mg ginger versus 1600mg wheat flour placebo daily for 12 weeks. Serum sugar, lipids, CRP, PGE2 and TNF were measured before and after intervention. RESULTS: Ginger reduced fasting plasma glucose, HbA1C, insulin, HOMA, triglyceride, total cholesterol, CRP and PGE significantly compared with placebo group (p<0.05). There were no significant differences in HDL, LDL and TNF between two groups (p>0.05). CONCLUSION: Ginger improved insulin sensitivity and some fractions of lipid profile, and reduced CRP and PGE in type 2 diabetic patients. Therefore ginger can be considered as an effective treatment for prevention of diabetes complications. 
BACKGROUND: Preliminary data from the baseline Prospective Urban Rural Epidemiology (PURE) study in South Africa indicated a higher prevalence of dyslipidemia than previous South African studies. The intake of specific individual dietary fatty acids may affect blood lipids differently than sub-groups of fat (i.e. polyunsaturated fatty acids). We investigated the dietary intake of different individual fatty acids and their associations with blood lipids, in relation to urbanization and gender. METHODS: Cross-sectional data analysis within the PURE baseline study of healthy subjects (n=1950, 35-70 years) from rural and urban areas. Dietary data were collected and blood lipid analysis performed. RESULTS: Intake of individual fatty acids was significantly higher in urban than rural dwellers. However, the intake of n-3 PUFAs was below recommendations in all groups. Total cholesterol and LDL were higher in females than in males, with no ruralurban differences. Intake of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) was positively associated with total cholesterol (=0.143) and triglycerides (=0.256) in males. The risk for having elevated LDL also increased with increased intake of ALA (OR 1.49, 95% CI 1.04, 2.14) in males. In females, arachidonic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) were positively associated with total cholesterol and arachidonic acid was also positively associated with LDL, whereas docosahexaenoic acid was negatively associated with total cholesterol and LDL. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that specific individual dietary fatty acids may affect blood lipids in males differently than in females irrespective of rural or urban dwelling. The positive association between ALA and total cholesterol and triglycerides in males is a concern, because current advice aims to improve the dietary linoleic acid to ALA ratio by increasing ALA intake. 
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the feasibility of blood oxygen level dependent magnetic resonance imaging (BOLD-MRI) in evaluating human visceral adipose tissue (AT) oxygenation induced by salt loading/depletion and its association with changes in circulating monocyte subsets. METHODS: A dietary intervention study was performed in 23 healthy volunteers beginning with a 3-day usual diet followed by a 7-day high-salt diet (15 g NaCl/day) and a 7-day low-salt diet (5 g NaCl/day). BOLD-MRI was used to evaluate oxygenation in perirenal AT. RESULTS: Salt loading led to a consistent AT hypoxia (increase in the R2* signal, 25.2  0.90 s(-1) vs. baseline 21.5  0.71 s(-1) , P < 0.001) and suppression of circulating renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS), as well as an expansion of the CD14++CD16+ monocytes and monocyte pro-inflammatory activation. In salt depletion phase, the hypoxic state of AT and the expanded CD14++CD16+ monocyte pool were regressed to baseline levels, accompanied by a rebound activation of RAAS. Moreover, AT oxygenation level was positively correlated with the CD14++CD16+ monocytes (r = 0.419, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This work provides proof-of-principle evidence supporting the feasibility of BOLD-MRI in monitoring visceral AT oxygenation in humans induced by dietary salt loading/depletion. In addition, the CD14++CD16+ monocytes may participate in the pathogenesis of high-salt intake induced AT hypoxia. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to examine the relationship between amino acid (AA) intake and serum lipid profile in European adolescents from eight European cities participating in the cross-sectional (2006-2007) HELENA (Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence) study, and to assess whether this association was independent of total fat intake. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Diet, skinfold thickness, triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), TC/HDL-c ratio, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), apolipoprotein B (Apo B), apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1) and Apo B/Apo A1 ratio were measured in 454 12.5- to 17.5-year-old adolescents (44% boys). Intake was assessed via two non-consecutive 24-h dietary recalls. Data on maternal education and sedentary behaviors were obtained via questionnaires. Physical activity was objectively measured by accelerometry. RESULTS: Alanine, arginine, asparaginic acid, glycine, histidine, lysine and serine intakes were inversely associated with serum TG concentrations in both boys and girls. Intake of other AA like alanine and/or arginine was also inversely associated with serum TC, LDL-c and Apo B/Apo A1 ratio only in girls. An inverse association was observed between intakes of alanine, isoleucine, leucine, methionine, serine, tryptophan, tyrosine and valine and TC/HDL-c ratio among female adolescents. Similar results were found in males for serine and tryptophan intakes. It is noteworthy, however, that associations were no longer significant in both genders when total fat intake was considered as a confounding factor. CONCLUSIONS: In this sample of adolescents, the association between AA intakes and serum lipid profile did not persist when dietary fat was considered. Therefore, dietary interventions and health promotion activities should focus on fat intake to improve lipid profile and potentially prevent cardiovascular disease. 
Fructose consumption has been associated with the surge in obesity and dyslipidemia. This may be mediated by the fructose effects on hepatic lipids and ATP levels. Fructose metabolism provides carbons for de novo lipogenesis (DNL) and stimulates enterocyte secretion of apoB48. Thus, fructose-induced hepatic triglyceride (HTG) accumulation can be attributed to both DNL stimulation and dietary lipid absorption. The aim of this study was to assess the effects of fructose diet on HTG and ATP content and the contributions of dietary lipids and DNL to HTG. Measurements were performed in vivo in mice by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and novel magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) approaches. Abdominal adipose tissue volume and intramyocellular lipid levels were comparable between 8-wk fructose- and glucose-fed mice. HTG levels were 1.5-fold higher in fructose-fed than in glucose-fed mice (P<0.05). Metabolic flux analysis by (13)C and (2)H MRS showed that this was not due to dietary lipid absorption, but due to DNL stimulation. The contribution of oral lipids to HTG was, after 5 h, 1.60  0.23% for fructose and 2.16  0.35% for glucose diets (P=0.26), whereas that of DNL was higher in fructose than in glucose diets (2.550.51 vs.1.130.24%, P=0.01). Hepatic energy status, assessed by (31)P MRS, was similar for fructose- and glucose-fed mice. Fructose-induced HTG accumulation is better explained by DNL and not by dietary lipid uptake, while not compromising ATP homeostasis.
We evaluated the recommendation of the Austrian, German, and Swiss Societies for Nutrition of lowering dietary folate intake from 400 to 300 g dietary folate equivalents/d. A dose-response relation exists between folate intake or plasma level and disease risk within the normal range. Improving folate status can prevent between 30% and 75% of neural tube defects. A prepregnancy plasma folate of >18.0 nmol/L (mean 26.1 nmol/L) is associated with low total homocysteine (tHcy) (<10.0 mol/L) and optimal prevention of birth defects. Because the closure of the neural tube occurs in the first 8 weeks after conception, women with low prepregnancy folate intake cannot achieve maximal risk reduction. The Austrian, German, and Swiss Societies for Nutrition recommend that young women should additionally supplement with 400 g folic acid at least 4 weeks before conception. This short time window is not sufficient to achieve optimal plasma folate and tHcy levels in the majority of women. Factors affecting the relation between folate intake and blood biomarkers are total folate intake, baseline plasma folate, time available for supplement use, dose and form (folic acid or methyl folate), genetic polymorphisms, physiological and lifestyle factors. Lowering the recommended dietary folate intake may have important public health consequences. Elderly people and young women are at risk for diseases related to folate shortage. Reducing birth defects through supplementation of folic acid remains a poor option, as <20% of young women (i.e., in Germany) supplement with the vitamin. Recommending adequate food folate intake is crucial for reaching the target protective plasma folate levels in the population.
INTRODUCTION: Multiple sclerosis (MS) treatment options are primarily limited to immunomodulatory therapies in MS non-progressive forms. Nutrition intervention studies suggest that diet may be considered as a complementary treatment to control disease progression. Therefore, dietary intervention may help to improve wellness and ameliorate symptoms of MS patients. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effect of a low-fat diet with antioxidant supplementation on biochemical markers of institutionalized patients with progressive forms of multiple sclerosis. METHODS: A randomized prospective placebo-controlled study involving 9 participants, 5 of them assigned to the intervention group (low-fat diet and antioxidant supplementation) and the other 4 to the placebo group (low-fat diet). The effect of the dietary intervention, involving diet modification and antioxidant supplementation, was examined for 42 days by measuring anthropometric, biochemical parameters and oxidative stress markers in blood at baseline (day 0), intermediate (day 15) and end (day 42) stages of the treatment. RESULTS: The intervention group obtained C reactive protein levels significantly lower than those observed in the corresponding placebo group at the end of the study. Oxidative stress and inflammatory markers isoprostane 8-iso-PGF2 and interleukine IL-6 values also diminished after dietary intervention in the intervention group. Catalase activity increased significantly in the intervention group prior antioxidant supplementation. No significant differences were observed in other oxidative stress markers. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that diet and dietary supplements are involved in cell metabolism modulation and MS-related inflammatory processes. Consequently, low fat diets and antioxidant supplements may be used as complementary therapies for treatment of multiple sclerosis. 
The availability of biomarkers that allow the estimation of the intake of specific foods and dietary components, as an alternative or addition to self-reported dietary questionnaires, could greatly enhance the effectiveness of nutritional research. The aim of the present study was to assess tartaric acid, one of the major components of red and white wines, as a potential biomarker of wine consumption. A total of twenty-one healthy men participated in a randomised cross-over feeding trial. They consumed a single dose of 100, 200 or 300 ml wine at dinner. Before each intervention, the participants followed a 7 d washout period during which they avoided consuming wine or grape-based products. Morning urine was collected and analysed by liquid chromatography coupled to electrospray ionisation tandem MS. A strong significant correlation was found between wine intake and urinary tartaric acid (r(s) = 09220; P <0001). Using a cut-off value of 884 g/mg creatinine, tartaric acid allowed wine consumers to be differentiated from non-wine consumers. The results suggest that urinary tartaric acid may be a sensitive and specific dietary biomarker of wine consumption.
BACKGROUND: Smartphone-based assessment may be a useful diagnostic and monitoring tool for patients. There have been many attempts to create a smartphone diagnostic tool for clinical use in various medical fields but few have demonstrated scientific validity. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to develop a smartphone application of the International Prostate Symptom Score (IPSS) and to demonstrate its validity and reliability. METHODS: From June 2012 to May 2013, a total of 1581 male participants (40 years old), with or without lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), visited our urology clinic via the health improvement center at Soonchunhyang University Hospital (Republic of Korea) and were enrolled in this study. A randomized repeated measures crossover design was employed using a smartphone application of the IPSS and the conventional paper form of the IPSS. Paired t test under a hypothesis of non-inferior trial was conducted. For the reliability test, the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was measured. RESULTS: The total score of the IPSS (P=.289) and each item of the IPSS (P=.157-1.000) showed no differences between the paper version and the smartphone version of the IPSS. The mild, moderate, and severe LUTS groups showed no differences between the two versions of the IPSS. A significant correlation was noted in the total group (ICC=.935, P<.001). The mild, moderate, and severe LUTS groups also showed significant correlations (ICC=.616, .549, and .548 respectively, all P<.001).There was selection bias in this study, as only participants who had smartphones could participate. CONCLUSIONS: The validity and reliability of the smartphone application version were comparable to the conventional paper version of the IPSS. The smartphone application of the IPSS could be an effective method for measuring lower urinary tract symptoms. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to quantitatively summarize the association of dietary magnesium (Mg) intake with serum C-reactive protein (CRP) levels in the general population. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Observational and experimental studies through February 2013 were reviewed in PubMed and EMBASE. Additional information was retrieved through Google or hand search of related reference lists. The main outcome is either adjusted geometric mean of CRP or odds ratio (OR) of having serum CRP  3 mg/l. Meta-regression was used to determine the linear association of dietary Mg intake and adjusted geometric means of CRP levels. A fixed-effects model was used to pool ORs of interest, comparing those in the lowest with those in the highest group of dietary Mg intake. RESULTS: A data set derived from seven cross-sectional studies including 32,918 participants was quantitatively assessed. A weighted inverse association between Mg intake and serum CRP levels was observed (-coefficient: -0.0028; 95% confidence interval (CI), -0.0043 to -0.0013; P(trend) = 0.001) from four cross-sectional studies. The pooled OR (95% CI) of having CRP  3 mg/l was 1.49 (1.18-1.89) on comparing the lowest to the highest group of Mg intake from three studies with the data available. Qualitative assessment among five intervention studies also showed a potential beneficial effect of Mg intake on serum CRP levels. CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis and systematic review indicates that dietary Mg intake is significantly and inversely associated with serum CRP levels. The potential beneficial effect of Mg intake on chronic diseases may be, at least in part, explained by inhibiting inflammation. 
Whole-grain intake has been reported to be associated with a lower risk of several lifestyle-related diseases such as type 2 diabetes, CVD and some types of cancers. As measurement errors in self-reported whole-grain intake assessments can be substantial, dietary biomarkers are relevant to be used as complementary tools for dietary intake assessment. Alkylresorcinols (AR) are phenolic lipids found almost exclusively in whole-grain wheat and rye products among the commonly consumed foods and are considered as valid biomarkers of the intake of these products. In the present study, we analysed the plasma concentrations of five AR homologues in 2845 participants from ten European countries from a nested case-control study in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition. High concentrations of plasma total AR were found in participants from Scandinavia and Central Europe and lower concentrations in those from the Mediterranean countries. The geometric mean plasma total AR concentrations were between 35 and 41nmol/l in samples drawn from fasting participants in the Central European and Scandinavian countries and below 23nmol/l in those of participants from the Mediterranean countries. The whole-grain source (wheat or rye) could be determined using the ratio of two of the homologues. The main source was wheat in Greece, Italy, the Netherlands and the UK, whereas rye was also consumed in considerable amounts in Germany, Denmark and Sweden. The present study demonstrates a considerable variation in the plasma concentrations of total AR and concentrations of AR homologues across ten European countries, reflecting both quantitative and qualitative differences in the intake of whole-grain wheat and rye. 
BACKGROUND: This study aims at investigating the possible effects of different daily doses of green tea (GT) intake for eight weeks on certain anthropometric, metabolic, and oxidative stress biomarkers of diabetic patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This randomized clinical trial included 63 patients with type 2 diabetes (30 males and 33 females). After a two-week run-in period without green tea, they were randomly assigned into one of the three groups, with a different daily intake of green tea; four cups of green tea per day (n = 24), two cups of green tea per day (n = 25), and the control group (n = 14) with no green tea intake for two months. At baseline and after the intervention, blood tests, dietary, and anthropometric variables were assessed. The patients were instructed to maintain their usual dietary intake and normal physical activity. RESULTS: Consumption of four cups of GT per day caused a significant decrease in body weight (73.2 to 71.9) (P < 0.001), body mass index (27.4 to 26.9) (P < 0.001), waist circumference (95.8 to 91.5) (P < 0.001), and systolic blood pressure (126.2 to 118.6) (P < 0.05) in this group. No significant change was seen in the other groups and between group comparisons. The metabolic and oxidative stress parameters did not show any significant differences within and between groups. CONCLUSION: Drinking four cups of green tea led to a significant reduction in weight and systolic blood pressure. 
We investigated the relations between fatty acid status and serum total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio in five Tanzanian ethnic groups and one Dutch group. Total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio is a widely used coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factor. Fatty acid status was determined by measurement of fatty acids in serum cholesterol esters and erythrocytes. Data reflecting the influence of fatty acid intakes on serum total cholesterol and lipoprotein cholesterol were obtained from documented intervention studies. We found that 14:0, 16:0 and saturated fatty acid (SFA) status correlates positively with total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio, while their intakes were unrelated. Linoleic acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) status and PUFA intake exhibited negative relations with the total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio. These data suggest that a high SFA status, not a high SFA intake, is associated with increased CAD risk, while both high linoleic acid status and PUFA status are associated with reduced CAD risk. Consequently, the total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio is a questionable risk marker since meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials show that partial dietary replacement of SFA for linoleic acid, the dominating dietary PUFA, does not change CAD risk. We conclude that many lifestyle factors, not SFA intake alone, determine SFA status, and suggest that interaction with many other lifestyle factors determines whether SFA status has a relevant contributing effect in low-grade inflammation, lipoprotein changes and CAD risk. The present outcome may teach us to consider the health effects of the entire diet together with many nondietary lifestyle factors, opposite to the reductionist approach of studying the effects of single nutrients, SFA and PUFA included. 
PURPOSE: We examined the association between three predefined dietary indices and both cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and long-term mortality in adult Aerobics Center Longitudinal Study's participants. METHODS: Between 1987 and 1999, 12,449 (77% male) participants aged 20-84years completed a clinical examination, which included dietary assessment by 3-day diet records. Three dietary indices were calculated: the Ideal Diet Index, the Diet Quality Index, and the Mediterranean Diet Score. CVD risk factors measurements included body mass index, total cholesterol, fasting glucose, blood pressure, and cardiorespiratory fitness. We calculated hazard ratios from Cox regression analyses, adjusting for potential confounders including physical fitness. RESULTS: Higher Ideal Diet Index, Diet Quality Index, and Mediterranean Diet Score scores were consistently associated with lower body mass index, cholesterol and glucose levels, and diastolic blood pressure, and higher cardiorespiratory fitness (all P<.05). However, after adjusting for age, sex, energy intake, and baseline examination year, the indices were not significantly related to all-cause, CVD, or cancer mortality. No association was observed in fully adjusted models, which controlled for fitness. CONCLUSIONS: Although these dietary indices based on 3-day diet records are strongly associated cross-sectionally to CVD risk profile of middle-aged men and women, they do not add to ability to predict long-term mortality in follow-up. 
BACKGROUND AND AIM: Dietary patterns are associated cross-sectionally with cellular adhesion molecules (CAMs). We studied prospective associations of three dietary patterns with CAMs. METHODS AND RESULTS: In the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study, diet was assessed at years 0 (1985-86) and 7 (1992-93) examinations. Four circulating CAMs (E-selectin, P-selectin, soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1), and vascular cellular adhesion molecule (VCAM)) were assayed at years 7 and 15 (2000-01). We created one index score "A Priori Diet Quality Score" and derived dietary patterns using principal components analysis (PCA). Multivariable linear regression models predicted year 15 CAMs from averaged (year 0/7) dietary patterns. The A Priori Diet Quality Score rated 46 food groups beneficial, neutral or adverse based on hypothesized health effects. We derived two PCA dietary patterns: "fruit and vegetables (FV)" (high intakes of fruit, vegetables, and whole grains) and "meat" (high intakes of red meat, refined grain, and butter). All dietary patterns were related to E-selectin and sICAM-1. P-selectin was not related to the FV dietary pattern. VCAM was only related to the A Priori Diet Quality Score. Strongest associations were for the meat dietary pattern with E-selectin (effect size 28% of an SD (+3.9/13.7 ng/mL)) and P-selectin (effect size 37% of an SD (+4.1/11.2 ng/mL)) and the A Priori Diet Quality Score with sICAM-1 (effect size 34% of an SD (-15.1/44.7 ng/mL)) and VCAM (effect size of 26% of an SD (-45.1/170.3 ng/mL)). CONCLUSION: This prospective analysis suggests that dietary patterns are associated with CAMs. 
BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Few studies have used biomarkers of whole-grain intake to study its relation to glucose metabolism. We aimed to investigate the association between plasma alkylresorcinols (AR), a biomarker of whole-grain rye and wheat intake, and glucose metabolism in individuals with metabolic syndrome (MetS). SUBJECTS/METHODS: Participants were 30-65 years of age, with body mass index 27-40 kg/m(2) and had MetS without diabetes. Individuals were recruited through six centers in the Nordic countries and randomized to a healthy Nordic diet (ND, n=96), rich in whole-grain rye and wheat, or a control diet (n=70), for 18-24 weeks. In addition, associations between total plasma AR concentration and C17:0/C21:0 homolog ratio as an indication of the relative whole-grain rye intake, and glucose metabolism measures from oral glucose tolerance tests were investigated in pooled (ND+control) regression analyses at 18/24 weeks. RESULTS: ND did not improve glucose metabolism compared with control diet, but the AR C17:0/C21:0 ratio was inversely associated with fasting insulin concentrations (P=0.002) and positively associated with the insulin sensitivity indices Matsuda ISI (P=0.026) and disposition index (P=0.022) in pooled analyses at 18/24 weeks, even after adjustment for confounders. The AR C17:0/C21:0 ratio was not significantly associated with insulin secretion indices. Total plasma AR concentration was not related to fasting plasma glucose or fasting insulin at 18/24 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: The AR C17:0/C21:0 ratio, an indicator of relative whole-grain rye intake, is associated with increased insulin sensitivity in a population with MetS. 
This study was performed to evaluate the effect of dietary factors for mercury exposure by comparing with blood mercury concentration. Study population consisted of 1,866 adults (839 men and 1,027 women) in randomly-selected 30 districts in southeast Korea. Dietary mercury intake was calculated from food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) on seafood items and 24 hr recall record. Blood mercury concentration was measured with atomic absorption spectrometry. Mean age of the subjects was 43.5  14.6 yr. The FFQ showed that mercury-laden fish (tuna, shark) and frequently-eating fish (squid, belt fish, mackerel) were important in mercury intake from fish species. The recall record suggested that fish and shellfish was a highest group (63.1%) of mercury intake and had a wide distribution in the food groups. In comparison with the blood mercury concentration, age group, sex, household income, education, drinking status and coastal area were statistically significant (P < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, coefficient from the FFQ ( = 0.003) had greater effect on the blood mercury than the recall record ( = 0.002), but the effect was restricted (adjusted R(2) = 0.234). Further studies with more precise estimation of dietary mercury intake were required to evaluate the risk for mercury exposure by foods and assure risk communication with heavily-exposed group. 
This study aimed to determine the concentrations of plasma methylmercury (Me-Hg) and inorganic mercury (I-Hg) in a population exposed to Me-Hg. In addition, associations between each form of mercury (Hg) and gender, age, plasma selenium (Se), and oxidative stress markers were also investigated. The mean plasma I-Hg level was 5.7 g/L while the mean for plasma Me-Hg was 3.6 g/L, representing approximately 59 and 41% of the total Hg in blood, respectively. However, several plasma samples contained higher percentages of Me-Hg. Age displayed a direct linkage with plasma I-Hg levels, whereas gender did not correlate with any of the Hg species. In addition, fish intake was only correlated with and a predictor of plasma Me-Hg, suggesting that plasma I-Hg levels originated endogenously through a demethylation reaction that needs to be verified. Further, plasma Me-Hg was markedly correlated with adverse effects to a greater extent than plasma I-Hg and may be considered a valuable, reliable internal dose biomarker for Hg in chronically Me-Hg- exposed individuals. 
Vascular dysfunction is one of the major causes of cardiovascular (CV) mortality and increases with age. Epidemiological studies suggest that Mediterranean diets and high nut consumption reduce CV disease risk and mortality while increasing plasma -tocopherol. Therefore, we have investigated whether almond supplementation can improve oxidative stress markers and CV risk factors over 4 weeks in young and middle-aged men. Healthy middle-aged men (56  5.8 years), healthy young men (22.1  2.9 years) and young men with two or more CV risk factors (27.3  5 years) consumed 50 g almond/day for 4 weeks. A control group maintained habitual diets over the same period. Plasma -tocopherol/cholesterol ratios were not different between groups at baseline and were significantly elevated by almond intervention with 50 g almond/day for 4 weeks (p < 0.05). Plasma protein oxidation and nitrite levels were not different between groups whereas, total-, HDL- and LDL-cholesterols and triglycerides were significantly higher in healthy middle-aged and young men with CV risk factors but were not affected by intake. In the almond-consuming groups, flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) improved and systolic blood pressure reduced significantly after 50 g almonds/day for 4 weeks, but diastolic blood pressure reduced only in healthy men. In conclusion, a short-term almond-enriched diet can increase plasma -tocopherol and improve vascular function in asymptomatic healthy men aged between 20 and 70 years without any effect on plasma lipids or markers of oxidative stress.
BACKGROUND: Plant seeds have gained interest for their health benefits due to their fatty acid content. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of dietary consumption of milled sesame/pumpkin/flax seed mixture on glycemic control, serum lipids, phospholipid fatty acid status, and inflammatory factors in patients on hemodialysis. METHODS: Thirty patients with well nutrition status (18 male, 12 female) were enrolled in the study. Participants consumed 30g of milled sesame/pumpkin/flax (6g/6g/18g, resp.) seeds mixture added to their habitual diet. RESULTS: Total n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and levels of linoleic, dihomo-gamma-linolenic (DGLA), arachidonic, alpha-linolenic (ALA), eicosapentaenoic, docosapentaenoic, and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acid were increased after 12 weeks of supplementation. A significant decrease of the serum triglyceride level (P < 0.001), glucose, insulin, calculated IR HOMA (P < 0.05), and inflammatory markers (TNF-alpha, IL-6, and hs-CRP, P < 0.001) was observed after seed mixture treatment. The serum levels of CRP and TNF-alpha negative correlate with ALA, DHA, and DGLA. CONCLUSION: Results of this study indicated that dietary milled sesame/pumpkin/flax seed mixture added to a habitual diet lowered triglyceride and CRP, TNF-alpha, IL-6 levels, affect glycemic control and improved fatty acid profile and pruritus symptoms in hemodialysis patients. 
Epidemiological and clinical studies have shown that angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE)-inhibiting peptides derived from dairy products may decrease blood pressure. These peptides have been identified in many cheeses, and Gamalost, a traditional Norwegian cheese, is particularly rich in these peptides. The aim of this cross-sectional study was to examine whether frequency of Gamalost intake was associated with blood pressure in a Norwegian population sample. Blood pressure and other clinical measurements, including the factors of metabolic syndrome, were obtained from 168 participants (56% female, mean age = 51 yr) who completed a questionnaire about dietary habits and other health-related factors. Mean Gamalost intake was 2 servings per week. The prevalence of hypertension was 23.8% in the population, with mean systolic and diastolic blood pressures of 128 and 78 mmHg, respectively. Intake of Gamalost was inversely associated with systolic blood pressure. Each increase in frequency unit of Gamalost intake corresponded to a reduction in systolic blood pressure of 0.72 mmHg, after controlling for sex, age, education, waist circumference, physical activity, smoking status, and dairy food intake. Results from this study indicate that consumption of Gamalost (or other foods rich in ACE-inhibiting peptides) may reduce blood pressure.
Cathepsin E is an intracellular aspartic proteinase, which is predominantly distributed in immune-related and epithelial cells. However, the role of the enzyme in adipose tissues remains unknown. In this study, we investigated the characteristics of cathepsin E-deficient (CatE(-/-)) mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD), as a mouse model of obesity. HFD-fed CatE(-/-) mice displayed reduced body weight gain and defective development of white adipose tissue (WAT) and brown adipose tissue (BAT), compared with HFD-fed wild-type mice. Moreover, fat-induced CatE(-/-) mice showed abnormal lipid accumulation in non-adipose tissues characterized by hepatomegaly, which is probably due to defective adipose tissue development. Detailed pathological and biochemical analyses showed that hepatomegaly was accompanied by hepatic steatosis and hypercholesterolemia in HFD-induced CatE(-/-) mice. In fat-induced CatE(-/-) mice, the number of macrophages infiltrating into WAT was significantly lower than in fat-induced wild-type mice. Thus, the impaired adipose tissue development in HFD-induced CatE(-/-) mice was probably due to reduced infiltration of macrophages and may lead to hepatomegaly accompanied by hepatic steatosis and hypercholesterolemia. 
SCOPE: High-fat (HF) diets contribute to the development of cardiovascular diseases and the metabolic syndrome. This study was undertaken to investigate the beneficial effects of Vineatrol-enriched red wines on blood lipids, oxidative stress and inflammation, and the role of some metabolic pathway regulatory proteins. METHODS AND RESULTS: Golden Syrian hamsters received an HF diet for 13 wk, in the presence or absence of red wines supplemented with Vineatrol (RWV) or not. The HF diet increased plasma cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and insulin, which were attenuated by RWV treatment. RWV protected against the HF-induced increase in liver nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) oxidase activity and spared antioxidant enzyme activities. RWV did not reduce either liver steatosis or increased plasma leptin due to the HF diet, but greatly improved adiponectinemia. In the liver, RWV affected the inflammatory response by decreasing polymorphonuclear cell number and lowering TNF- and IL-6 levels. Moreover, the increase in NF-B activity in the HF group liver was prevented by RWV. Finally, RWV partially corrected low SIRT1 levels due to the HF diet but had no influence on SIRT3 or p-AMPK protein levels. CONCLUSION: Our studies suggest that RWV is capable of reversing the atherogenic process induced by an HF diet in hamster tissues. 
Mass drug administration (MDA) programmes against Onchocerca volvulus use ivermectin (IVM) which targets microfilariae (MF), the worm's offspring. Most infected individuals are hyporesponsive and present regulated immune responses despite high parasite burden. Recently, with MDA programmes, the existence of amicrofilaridermic (a-MF) individuals has become apparent but little is known about their immune responses. Within this immunoepidemiological study, we compared parasitology, pathology and immune profiles in infection-free volunteers and infected individuals that were MF(+) or a-MF. The latter stemmed from villages in either Central or Ashanti regions of Ghana which, at the time of the study, had received up to eight or only one round of MDA respectively. Interestingly, a-MF patients had fewer nodules and decreased IL-10 responses to all tested stimuli. On the other hand, this patient group displayed contrary IL-5 profiles following in vitro stimulation or in plasma and the dampened response in the latter correlated to reduced eosinophils and associated factors but elevated neutrophils. Furthermore, multivariable regression analysis with covariates MF, IVM or the region (Central vs. Ashanti) revealed that immune responses were associated with different covariates: whereas O. volvulus-specific IL-5 responses were primarily associated with MF, IL-10 secretion had a negative correlation with times of individual IVM therapy (IIT). All plasma parameters (eosinophil cationic protein, IL-5, eosinophils and neutrophils) were highly associated with MF. With regards to IL-17 secretion, although no differences were observed between the groups to filarial-specific or bystander stimuli, these responses were highly associated with the region. These data indicate that immune responses are affected by both, IIT and the rounds of IVM MDA within the community. Consequently, it appears that a lowered infection pressure due to IVM MDA may affect the immune profile of community members even if they have not regularly participated in the programmes.
One hundred and eighty 7-week-old laying quail were fed various diets over a 12-week period. The diets included a control diet (without essential oil mixture (EOM) or antibiotics (ANTs)), a basal diet including EOM (24mg/kg feed), and a basal diet including an ANT (avilamycin, 10mg/kg feed). Each treatment comprised 4 replications with 4 cages (15 quail per cage), amounting to 60 quail per treatment group. Diets (in mash form) and water were provided for ad libitum consumption. EOM consisted of 6 different essential oils derived from the following herbs: oregano (Origanum sp.), laurel leaf (Laurus nobilis L.), sage leaf (Salvia triloba L.), myrtle leaf (Myrtus communis), fennel seeds (Foeniculum vulgare), and citrus peel (Citrus sp.). In comparison with the control diet, adding supplements such as EOM and ANTs to the basal diet increased egg production in quail (P < 0.001). However, egg production was similar between EOM and ANT treatment groups. Moreover, there were no differences between the treatment groups with regard to egg weight. Feed intake was not affected by EOM or ANT supplementation, whereas feed conversion ratio was significantly improved by EOM and ANT supplementation. Thus, we concluded that EOM has beneficial effects as a dietary supplement on egg production and feed conversion ratio. 
Intake of different types of protein may be associated with differences in biomarkers among various populations. This work investigated the influence of protein intake from haem and non-haem animals as well as protein from plants on haematological and biochemical parameters in inflammation among apparently-healthy adults living in Greece, a Mediterranean country. Four hundred and ninety apparently-healthy subjects (46 +/- 16 years, 40% men), who consecutively visited Polykliniki General Hospital for routine examinations, voluntarily agreed to participate in the study (participation rate 85%). Demographic, anthropometric and lifestyle characteristics were recorded. Participants completed a valid, semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Protein intake was classified into three sources: protein from haem animals, protein from non-haem animals, and protein from plant origin. Fasting blood samples were taken from all participants; uric acid, creatinine, lipids, cystatin C, haptoglobin, haemoglobin, haematocrit, iron, ferritin, white blood cells, monocytes, platelets, and C-reactive protein were measured. Protein intake from only haem animals was associated with increased haemoglobin and haematocrit levels (p < 0.05) whereas intake of protein from non-haem animals and plant origin was not associated with the investigated haematological and biochemical markers of low-grade chronic inflammation when lifestyle factors and overall dietary habits were taken into account. Intake of protein from only haem animals seems to be consistently associated with haematological markers. The confounding role of dietary habits and lifestyle variables on the tested parameters deserves further attention in future research.
BACKGROUND: Although several studies have reported an association between mental disorders and serum levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), this association is still poorly understood. The study of factors associated with both BDNF levels and mental disorders, such as n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs), may help to elucidate the mechanisms mediating the relationship between the two variables. Therefore, the present study aimed to evaluate whether the intake n-3 PUFAs correlates with serum levels of BDNF. FINDINGS: This study involved 137 adolescents drawn from a community sample, including a group with high levels of anxiety, assessed using the Screen for Children and Anxiety Related Emotional Disorders. Blood samples were collected and serum BDNF levels were measured. n-3 PUFAs were estimated using a food frequency questionnaire for adolescents. Correlations were performed to assess the association between n-3 PUFAs intake and BDNF levels. Effects of potential confounders (total fat consumption, age, gender and anxiety) were examined using linear regression models. There was a direct correlation between n-3 PUFAs consumption and serum BDNF levels, which remained significant even after accounting for potential confounders. CONCLUSIONS: We were able to detect a correlation between n-3 PUFAs intake and peripheral BDNF levels. Our study was limited by its small sample size, and our external validity may be restricted by the oversampling of anxious adolescents. Our findings may help determine the nature of the association between mental disorders and serum levels of BDNF. However, more studies are needed to elucidate the possible mechanisms by which n-3 PUFAs intake affects BDNF levels, and how this may lead to an increased vulnerability to psychiatric disorders. 
Chronic cadmium exposure may cause disease through induction of systemic oxidative stress and inflammation. Factors that mitigate cadmium toxicity and could serve as interventions in exposed populations have not been well characterized. We used data from the 2003-2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey to quantify diets role in modifying associations between cadmium exposure and oxidative stress and inflammation. We created a composite antioxidant and anti-inflammatory diet score (ADS) by ranking participants by quintile of intake across a panel of 19 nutrients. We identified associations and effect modification between ADS, urinary cadmium, and markers of oxidative stress and inflammation by multiple linear regression. An interquartile range increase in urinary cadmium was associated with a 47.5%, 8.8%, and 3.7% increase in C-reactive protein (CRP), gamma glutamyl transferase (GGT), and alkaline phosphatase (ALP), respectively. An interquartile range increase in ADS was associated with an 7.4%, 3.3%, 5.2%, and 2.5% decrease in CRP, GGT, ALP, and total white blood cell count respectively, and a 3.0% increase in serum bilirubin. ADS significantly attenuated the association between cadmium exposure, CRP and ALP. Dietary interventions may provide a route to reduce the impact of cadmium toxicity on the population level. 
There is currently no reference for intake of lysine for Chinese people; therefore, the present study was conducted to determine the lysine requirement of Chinese young male adults on a habitual Chinese mixed diet based on the modified indicator amino acid oxidation method. Seven young men with a mean age of 23.7  2.2 years that were healthy based on questionnaire, physical examinations and screening tests were evaluated. Subjects were evaluated over five consecutive 7 day periods, during which time they were administered decreasing amounts of lysine via the diet (65, 55, 45, 35, 25 mgkg(-1)d(-1)). Subjects were allowed to adapt from day 1 to 6 and the isotopes were measured on day 7 in each period. The subjects' body weights, body compositions and plasma proteins were also examined during the study. Amino acid kinetics were measured based on the indicator amino acid oxidation technique using the (13)CO2 release rate and phenylalanine oxidation rate to estimate lysine requirements. Body weights, body compositions, and plasma proteins of subjects did not change significantly relative to those at baseline. The mean and the upper 95% CI of lysine requirements of Chinese habitual diets were determined to be 58.41 and 70.09 mgkg(-1)d(-1), respectively, based on the (13)CO2 release rate and 54.28 and 65.14 mgkg(-1)d(-1), respectively, based on the phenylalanine oxidation rate. 
Metabolomics has emerged in the field of food and nutrition sciences as a powerful tool for doing profiling approaches. In this context, HPLC-q-TOF-based metabolomics approach was applied to unveil changes in the urinary metabolome in human subjects (n = 51, 23 men and 28 women) after regular aronia-citrus juice (AC-juice) intake (250 mL/day) during 16 weeks compared to individuals given a placebo beverage. Samples were analyzed by HPLC-q-TOF followed by multivariate data analysis (orthogonal signal filtering-partial least square discriminant analysis) that discriminated relevant mass features related to AC-juice intake. The results showed that biomarkers of AC-juice intake including metabolites coming from metabolism of food components as proline betaine, ferulic acid, and two unknown mercapturate derivatives were identified. Discovery of new biomarkers of food intake will help in the building up of the food metabolome and facilitate future insights into the mechanisms of action of dietary components in population health. 
BACKGROUND: Higher intakes of cruciferous vegetables or their constituents have been shown to lower inflammation in animal studies. However, evidence for this anti-inflammatory effect of cruciferous vegetable consumption in humans is scarce. OBJECTIVE/DESIGN: In this cross-sectional analysis, we evaluated associations of vegetable intake with a panel of inflammatory and oxidative stress markers among 1,005 middle-aged Chinese women. Dietary intake of foods was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Multivariable-adjusted circulating concentrations of tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), interlukin-1 (IL-1), and IL-6 were lower among women with higher intakes of cruciferous vegetables. The differences in concentrations of inflammatory biomarkers between extreme quintiles of cruciferous vegetable intake were 12.66% for TNF- (Ptrend=0.01), 18.18% for IL-1 (Ptrend=0.02), and 24.68% for IL-6 (Ptrend=0.02). A similar, but less apparent, inverse association was found for intakes of all vegetables combined but not for noncruciferous vegetables. Levels of the urinary oxidative stress markers F2-isoprostanes and their major metabolite, 2,3-dinor-5,6-dihydro-15-F2t-IsoP, were not associated with intakes of cruciferous vegetables or all vegetables combined. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that the previously observed health benefits ofcruciferous vegetable consumption may be partly associated with the anti-inflammatory effects of these vegetables. 
Increasing fruit and vegetable consumption is a key lifestyle modification in the prevention and treatment of hypertension. Kiwifruit has previously been shown to have favorable effects on blood pressure (BP), likely through inhibiting angiotensin I-converting enzyme activity. We hypothesized that the replacement of 2 fruit servings in a healthy diet with 2 green kiwifruit a day would significantly improve BP and other markers of cardiovascular function, including heart rate, stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance, in a group of hypercholesterolemic men. Using a controlled cross-over study design, 85 subjects completed a 4-week healthy diet run-in period before randomization to one of two 4-week intervention sequences in which they either consumed 2 green kiwifruit a day plus a healthy diet (intervention) or consumed a healthy diet alone (control). Blood pressure and other measures of cardiovascular function (using a Finometer MIDI [Finapres Medical Systems B.V, Amsterdam, The Netherlands] and standard oscillometric device) and anthropometric measurements were taken before and at the end of the treatment periods. A physical activity questionnaire was completed during the last visit. Subjects were found to be predominantly normotensive (43.5%) or prehypertensive (50.6%) and quite physically active (>30 minutes of moderate to vigorous physical activity/day in >80% subjects). No significant differences were seen for BP or any of the other markers, including heart rate, stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance. In conclusion, in this hypercholesterolemic, nonhypertensive group, no beneficial effects on BP or other markers of cardiovascular function were seen when consuming 2 kiwifruit a day against the background of a healthy diet. 
Plasma fatty acid (FA) composition is known to be an indicator of dietary fat quality, but the associations of other dietary factors with plasma FA composition remain unknown in children. We investigated the cross-sectional associations of food consumption with the proportions of FA and estimated desaturase activities in plasma cholesteryl esters (CE) and phospholipids (PL) among children. The subjects were a population sample of 423 children aged 68 years examined at baseline of The Physical Activity and Nutrition in Children (PANIC) Study. We assessed food consumption by food records and plasma FA composition by gas chromatography. We used linear regression models adjusted for age, sex, physical activity and total energy intake to analyze the associations. A higher consumption of vegetable oil-based margarine (fat 6080 %) was associated with a higher proportion of linoleic and -linolenic acids in plasma CE and PL. A higher consumption of high-fiber grain products was related to a lower proportion of oleic acid in CE and PL. The consumption of candy was directly associated with the proportion of palmitoleic and oleic acid in plasma CE. The consumption of vegetable oil-based margarine was inversely associated with estimated stearoyl-CoA-desaturase activity in plasma CE and PL and the consumption of candy was directly related to it in plasma CE. The results of our study suggest that plasma FA composition is not only a biomarker for dietary fat quality but also reflects the consumption of high-fiber grain products and foods high in sugar among children.
Two studies were conducted using adult dogs to evaluate the effect of increasing the inclusion of soybean meal (SBM) in an adult dog food on body composition, hematological and biochemical blood analyses, and total tract nutrient digestibility. Nutritionally complete and balanced diets were formulated with commercial-grade SBM (48% CP) to replace 0, 10, 20, or 30% of the protein provided by dried chicken protein resulting in final SBM inclusion of 0, 6.0, 11.5, and 17.0% (as-fed basis), respectively. In study 1, diets were fed during a 24-wk feeding trial using 36 female (spayed), adult hounds to evaluate food intake, BW, body composition, and blood measurements. There were no diet-related differences in food intake or BW. Body composition responded in a quadratic manner to increased dietary SBM inclusion with the percentage (%) of lean mass responding positively (P < 0.05) and absolute amounts of fat mass and percent body fat responding negatively (P < 0.05). All diagnostic blood components remained within normal physiological ranges for healthy, adult dogs. Serum concentrations of C-reactive protein and IGF-1 were similar among diets. In study 2, diets were evaluated in a digestibility study using 12 adult dogs in a 4  4 Latin square design. Increased SBM inclusion was associated with linear increases in the digestibility of CP (P < 0.05) and fat (P < 0.05) and CP retention (P < 0.05). Linear reductions in fecal DM content (P < 0.01) and increased fecal output (P < 0.05) were noted with increased SBM inclusion. All diets were similar in DE and ME content, but a quadratic trend was noted with increased SBM inclusion when DE (P = 0.083) and ME (P = 0.062) were expressed per unit of metabolic body size. Overall, it can be inferred from these results that the partial replacement of dried chicken protein with SBM in a nutritionally complete and balanced diet does not compromise the nutritional status and long-term health of adult dogs. 
The objective of this systematic review was to identify studies investigating iodine intake and biomarkers of iodine status, to assess the data of the selected studies, and to estimate dose-response relationships using meta-analysis. All randomized controlled trials, prospective cohort studies, nested case-control studies, and cross-sectional studies that supplied or measured dietary iodine and measured iodine biomarkers were included. The overall pooled regression coefficient () and the standard error of  were calculated by random-effects meta-analysis on a double-log scale, using the calculated intake-status regression coefficient () for each individual study. The results of pooled randomized controlled trials indicated that the doubling of dietary iodine intake increased urinary iodine concentrations by 14% in children and adolescents, by 57% in adults and the elderly, and by 81% in pregnant women. The dose-response relationship between iodine intake and biomarkers of iodine status indicated a 12% decrease in thyroid-stimulating hormone and a 31% decrease in thyroglobulin in pregnant women. The model of dose-response quantification used to describe the relationship between iodine intake and biomarkers of iodine status may be useful for providing complementary evidence to support recommendations for iodine intake in different population groups.
Self-reported food frequency questionnaires (FFQs) have occasionally been used to investigate the association between whole-grain intake and the incidence of colorectal cancer, but the results from those studies have been inconsistent. We investigated this association using intakes of whole grains and whole-grain products measured via FFQs and plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations, a biomarker of whole-grain wheat and rye intake, both separately and in combination (Howe's score with ranks). We conducted a nested case-control study in a cohort from a research project on Nordic health and whole-grain consumption (HELGA, 1992-1998). Incidence rate ratios and 95% confidence intervals were calculated using conditional logistic regression. Plasma alkylresorcinol concentrations alone and Howe's score with ranks were inversely associated with the incidence of distal colon cancer when the highest quartile was compared with the lowest (for alkylresorcinol concentrations, incidence rate ratio = 0.34, 95% confidence interval: 0.13, 0.92; for Howe's score with ranks, incidence rate ratio = 0.35, 95% confidence interval: 0.15, 0.86). No association was observed between whole-grain intake and any colorectal cancer (colon, proximal, distal or rectum cancer) when using an FFQ as the measure/exposure variable for whole-grain intake. The results suggest that assessing whole-grain intake using a combination of FFQs and biomarkers slightly increases the precision in estimating the risk of colon or rectal cancer by reducing the impact of misclassification, thereby increasing the statistical power of the study.
OBJECTIVE: To develop and validate a food frequency table (FFQ) for use in urban Pakistani population. STUDY DESIGN: A validation study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: The Aga Khan University, Karachi, from June to November 2008. METHODOLOGY: Healthy adult females, aged  18 years who consented to be included in the study were inducted, while males, unhealthy females, aged below 18 years or who did not consent were excluded. The FFQ was administered once while 4, 24 hours recalls spread over a period of one year were administered as the reference method. Daily intakes for energy, protein, fat, and calcium intake were estimated for both the tools. Crude and energy adjusted correlations for nutrient intakes were computed for the FFQ and mean of 4, 24 hours recalls and serum N-telopeptide of type-I collagen (NTx). RESULTS: The correlation coefficients for the FFQ with mean of 4, 24 hours recall ranged from 0.21 for protein to 0.36 for calcium, while the correlation for nutrient estimates from the FFQ with NTx ranged from -0.07 for calcium to 0.01 for energy. CONCLUSION: Highly significant correlations were found for nutrient intakes estimated from the FFQ vs. those estimated from the mean of 4, 24 hours recalls but no correlations was found between nutrient estimates from the FFQ and serum NTx levels. FFQ was concluded to be a valid tool for assessing dietary intake of adult females in Pakistan. 
BACKGROUND: Hypertension and dyslipidemia have traditionally been associated with dietary sodium and fat intakes, respectively; however, they have recently been associated with the consumption of added sugars in adults and older adolescents, but there is no clear indication of how early in the life span this association manifests. OBJECTIVE: This study explored the cross-sectional association between added sugar (sugars not naturally occurring in foods) consumption in children, blood pressure (BP), and fasting blood lipids [triglycerides and total, low-density lipoprotein, and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol]. DESIGN: BP, blood lipids, and dietary intakes were obtained in a multiethnic pediatric sample aged 7-12 y of 122 European American (EA), 106 African American (AA), 84 Hispanic American (HA), and 8 mixed-race children participating in the Admixture Mapping of Ethnic and Racial Insulin Complex Outcomes (AMERICO) study-a cross-sectional study conducted in the Birmingham, AL, metro area investigating the effects of racial-ethnic differences on metabolic and health outcomes. Multiple regression analyses were performed to evaluate the relations of added sugars and sodium intakes with BP and of added sugars and dietary fat intakes with blood lipids. Models were controlled for sex, race-ethnicity, socioeconomic status, Tanner pubertal status, percentage body fat, physical activity, and total energy intake. RESULTS: Added sugars were positively associated with diastolic BP (P = 0.0462,  = 0.0206) and serum triglycerides (P = 0.0206,  = 0.1090). Sodium was not significantly associated with either measure of BP nor was dietary fat with blood lipids. HA children had higher triglycerides but lower added sugar consumption than did either the AA or EA children. The AA participants had higher BP and HDL but lower triglycerides than did either the EA or HA children. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that increased consumption of added sugars may be associated with adverse cardiovascular health factors in children, specifically elevated diastolic BP and triglycerides. Identification of dietary factors influencing cardiovascular health during childhood could serve as a tool to reduce cardiovascular disease risk. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00726778. 
The relationship between dietary sodium and potassium intake with elevated blood pressure (BP) levels is unclear. The authors examined the association between dietary sodium and potassium intake and BP levels in 6985 adults aged 18 years and older with no prior history of hypertension who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2001-2006). After adjustment for age, sex, race, body mass index, diabetes, and estimated glomerular filtration rate, there was no association between higher quartiles of sodium or potassium intake with the risk of a BP >140/90 mm Hg or >130/80 mm Hg. There was also no relationship between dietary sodium and potassium intake with BP when systolic and diastolic BP were measured as continuous outcomes (P=.68 and P=.74, respectively). Furthermore, no association was found between combinations of sodium and potassium intake with elevated BP. In the US adult population without hypertension, increased dietary sodium or low potassium intake was not associated with elevated BP levels.
Adoption of optimal dietary habits during adolescence is associated with better health outcomes later in life. However, the associations between a pattern of healthy dietary habits encapsulated in an index and sociodemographic and nutrient intake have not been examined among adolescents. This study aimed to develop a behavior-based diet index and examine its validity in relation to sociodemographic factors, nutrient intakes, and biomarkers in a representative sample of New Zealand (NZ) adolescents aged 15-18 y (n = 694). A 17-item Healthy Dietary Habits Score for Adolescents (HDHS-A) was developed based on dietary habits information from the 2008/2009 NZ Adult Nutrition Survey. Post hoc trend analyses were used to identify the associations between HDHS-A score and nutrient intakes estimated by single 24-h diet recalls and selected nutritional biomarkers. Being female, not of Maori or Pacific ethnicity, and living in the least-deprived socioeconomic quintile were associated with a higher HDHS-A score (all P < 0.001). HDHS-A tertile was associated positively with intake of protein, dietary fiber, polyunsaturated fatty acid, and lactose and negatively with sucrose. Associations in the expected directions were also found with most micronutrients (P < 0.05), urinary sodium (P < 0.001), whole blood (P < 0.05), serum (P < 0.01), and RBC folate (P < 0.05) concentrations. This suggests that the HDHS-A is a valid indicator of diet quality among NZ adolescents. 
It is not known why salt is so attractive to humans. Here, guided by hypotheses suggesting that the attraction of salt is conditioned by postingestive benefits, we sought to establish whether there are such benefits in a population by analyzing the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007-2008 database (n = ~ 10,000). We focus on two potential benefits supported by the literature, growth and moderation of depression, and examine their relationship to sodium, dietary, added at table, and serum. We find that during growth (<18 years), there is a specific increase in adjusted dietary sodium intake, independent of caloric or other electrolyte intakes. We find that adding salt and depression are related. In contrast, and in women only, dietary sodium and depression are inversely related. The relationships are correlational, but we speculate that this constellation may reflect self-medication for depression by adding salt, and that men may be protected by their higher dietary sodium intake. Additional findings are that women add more salt than men below age ~30, after which men add more, and below 40 years of age, serum sodium is lower in women than in men. It remains possible that small but beneficial effects of sodium could condition salt preference and thus contribute to population-wide sodium intake.
BACKGROUND: Adiponectin secreted from adipose tissue is assumed to mediate protective effects on development of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and MetS-related diseases such as cardiovascular diseases and cancer. Relationship between alcohol intake and circulating adiponectin levels is not consistent among the several previous studies. In the present study, we investigated effects of alcohol intake and the alcohol-related polymorphisms on serum adiponectin levels among Japanese male workers. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional design study with 541 male workers aged 51.5  5.9 (mean  SD) years in a Japanese plant. Information on alcohol intake and other lifestyles was obtained by a self-administered questionnaire. Serum total adiponectin (T-Ad), high-molecular-weight adiponectin (HMW-Ad), medium-molecular-weight adiponectin (MMW-Ad), and low-molecular-weight adiponectin (LMW-Ad) levels were measured by the enzyme-linked immune assay system kit. Two genotypes in the alcohol dehydrogenase-1B (ADH1B) and aldehyde dehydrogenase-2 (ALDH2) genes were determined using blood sample. In multivariate regression analyses, we adjusted for age, body mass index, smoking, and physical exercise. RESULTS: Among all subjects, high alcohol consumption of 12 units (1 unit contains 22.9 g of ethanol) a week or more was negatively associated with T-Ad levels in the multivariate model, although not significant. When we performed analyses separately for each genotype, high alcohol consumption was negatively associated with T-Ad, HMW-Ad, and LMW-Ad levels only in those with ADH1B *2/*2. Such relationships were not observed in each ALDH2 genotype group. CONCLUSIONS: High alcohol consumption was inversely associated with T-Ad, HMW-Ad, and LMW-Ad levels in those with ADH1B *2/*2 genotype, but not in those with the other ADH1B genotypes. To our knowledge, this is the first study that reports combined effects of the alcohol-related polymorphisms and alcohol intake on serum adiponectin levels. Additional studies are required to confirm the present finding. 
Micronutrient research typically focuses on analyzing the effects of single or a few nutrients on health by analyzing a limited number of biomarkers. The observational study described here analyzed micronutrients, plasma proteins, dietary intakes, and genotype using a systems approach. Participants attended a community-based summer day program for 6-14year old in 2years. Genetic makeup, blood metabolite and protein levels, and dietary differences were measured in each individual. Twenty-four-hour dietary intakes, eight micronutrients (vitamins A, D, E, thiamin, folic acid, riboflavin, pyridoxal, and pyridoxine) and 3 one-carbon metabolites [homocysteine (Hcy), S-adenosylmethionine (SAM), and S-adenosylhomocysteine (SAH)], and 1,129 plasma proteins were analyzed as a function of diet at metabolite level, plasma protein level, age, and sex. Cluster analysis identified two groups differing in SAM/SAH and differing in dietary intake patterns indicating that SAM/SAH was a potential marker of nutritional status. The approach used to analyze genetic association with the SAM/SAH metabolites is called middle-out: SNPs in 275 genes involved in the one-carbon pathway (folate, pyridoxal/pyridoxine, thiamin) or were correlated with SAM/SAH (vitamin A, E, Hcy) were analyzed instead of the entire 1M SNP data set. This procedure identified 46 SNPs in 25 genes associated with SAM/SAH demonstrating a genetic contribution to the methylation potential. Individual plasma metabolites correlated with 99 plasma proteins. Fourteen proteins correlated with body mass index, 49 with group age, and 30 with sex. The analytical strategy described here identified subgroups for targeted nutritional interventions. 
Type 2 diabetes has been shown to occur in response to environmental and genetic influences, among them nutrition; food intake patterns; sedentary lifestyle; body mass index; and exposure to persistent organic pollutants, such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs). Nutrition is essential in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes and has been shown to modulate the toxicity of PCBs. Serum carotenoid concentrations, considered a reliable biomarker of fruit and vegetable intake, are associated with the reduced probability of chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Our hypothesis is that fruit and vegetable intake, reflected by serum carotenoid concentrations, is associated with the reduced probability of developing type 2 diabetes in US adults with elevated serum concentrations of PCBs 118, 126, and 153. This cross-sectional study used the Center for Disease Control and Prevention database, National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2004, in logistic regression analyses. Overall prevalence of type 2 diabetes was approximately 11.6% depending on the specific PCB. All 3 PCBs were positively associated with the probability of type 2 diabetes. For participants at higher PCB percentiles (eg, 75th and 90th) for PCB 118 and 126, increasing serum carotenoid concentrations were associated with a smaller probability of type 2 diabetes. Fruit and vegetable intake, as reflected by serum carotenoid concentrations, predicted notably reduced probability of dioxin-like PCB-associated risk for type 2 diabetes. 
Elemental concentrations in rice, animal products, eggs, vegetables, fruits, infant formulas and drinking water were determined in 667 food samples randomly collected from local markets, big supermarkets and grocery stores in Bangkok, Thailand, during the period October 2005-August 2008. Samples were digested with nitric acid and analysed by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry. Arsenic and cadmium levels in most foods were below the maximum levels as set by international organisations. Filtered and bottled drinking water, rice, vegetables and banana contained low concentrations of arsenic, cadmium and lead. Non-polished rice had higher magnesium, calcium, manganese, iron and selenium concentrations than polished rice. Banana was a major source for manganese and selenium. Pig kidney and liver contained high levels of arsenic and cadmium. Manganese, cadmium, lead and aluminium concentrations in soybean milk could also be of concern. With respect to food safety for children, the amounts of arsenic and cadmium ingested with poultry, pig liver or rice corresponded to high weekly or monthly intake. 
BACKGROUND: Inflammation plays a major role in diabetes-associated cardiovascular disease (CVD). There is uncertainty whether diet and physical activity interventions can be successfully integrated into healthcare settings and reduce markers of inflammation and risk of CVD in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS AND RESULTS: Systemic markers of inflammation were determined in a 12-month, real-world, multicenter, randomized, controlled trial that investigated the effect of diet, diet plus physical activity, and usual care in 593 individuals with newly diagnosed T2D. During the first 6 months, serum C-reactive protein (CRP) improved by -21 (-36 to -1.4)% and -22 (-38 to -3.1)% in diet and diet plus physical activity arms versus usual care. There were also improvements in adiponectin and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1). Though medication-adjusted CRP was improved between 6 and 12 months for usual care, both interventions were more successful in reducing the relative risk of a high-risk CRP level of >3 mg/L (risk ratios of 0.72 [0.55 to 0.95] for diet versus usual care and 0.67 [0.50 to 0.90] for diet plus activity versus usual care). Furthermore, sICAM-1 (a marker of vascular risk), remained substantially lower than usual care in both intervention arms at 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: Motivational, unsupervised diet and/or diet plus physical activity interventions given soon after diagnosis in real-world healthcare settings improve markers of inflammation and cardiovascular risk in patients with T2D, even after accounting for the effect of adjustments to medication to try and control blood pressure, glycated hemoglobin, and lipids. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION URL: http://www.controlled-trials.com/. Unique identifier: ISRCTN92162869. 
OBJECTIVE: Uric acid is the end product of purine metabolism in humans, and increased serum uric acid concentrations lead to gout. The objective of the current study was to identify factors that are independently associated with serum uric acid concentrations in a cohort of Czech control individuals. METHODS: The cohort consisted of 589 healthy subjects aged 18-65 years. We studied the associations between the serum uric acid concentration and the following: (i) demographic, anthropometric and other variables previously reported to be associated with serum uric acid concentrations; (ii) the presence of metabolic syndrome and the levels of metabolic syndrome components; and (iii) selected genetic variants of the MTHFR (c.665C>T, c.1286A>C), SLC2A9 (c.844G>A, c.881G>A) and ABCG2 genes (c.421C>A). A backward model selection procedure was used to build two multiple linear regression models; in the second model, the number of metabolic syndrome criteria that were met replaced the metabolic syndrome-related variables. RESULTS: The models had coefficients of determination of 0.59 and 0.53. The serum uric acid concentration strongly correlated with conventional determinants including male sex, and with metabolic syndrome-related variables. In the simplified second model, the serum uric acid concentration positively correlated with the number of metabolic syndrome criteria that were met, and this model retained the explanatory power of the first model. Moderate wine drinking did not increase serum uric acid concentrations, and the urate transporter ABCG2, unlike MTHFR, was a genetic determinant of serum uric acid concentrations. CONCLUSION: Metabolic syndrome, moderate wine drinking and the c.421C>A variant in the ABCG gene are independently associated with the serum uric acid concentration. Our model indicates that uric acid should be clinically monitored in persons with metabolic syndrome. 
Calcium concentration in hair, representing intracellular calcium levels, is associated with systemic diseases such as coronary artery disease. To date, there are no previous studies which investigate the regulation of hair calcium levels. The aim of the study is to investigate whether hair calcium concentration is related to calcium intake and calcium content in bone - bone mineral density (BMD). An observational research study was conducted with 55 women over the age of 20 who visited a university hospital in Suwon, Korea. The average age of the women was 51.45. Depending on the concentration of hair calcium, participants were divided into quartiles to compare calcium intake and BMD. There was no difference in demographic, anthropometric, and biochemical characteristics between the highest quartile of hair calcium concentration and the rest of the quartiles. However, the highest quartile ingested significantly less calcium compared to the rest of the quartiles (p < 0.05). The highest quartile of hair calcium concentration also showed significantly lower BMD and T-score in the L1 - 4 vertebrae compared to the rest of the quartiles (p < 0.05). These results show that high hair calcium concentration was associated with low calcium intake and low BMD. 
BACKGROUND: Blood phosphatidylethanol (PEth) is a promising biomarker of alcohol consumption. This study was conducted to evaluate its performance in patients with liver disease. METHODS: This study included 222 patients with liver disease. Patient-reported alcohol use was obtained as a reference standard, and PEth was measured by tandem mass spectrometry. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) and contingency table analyses were used to assess the performance of PEth in detecting any drinking and averaging 4 or more drinks daily in the past 30 days. RESULTS: At the limit of quantitation (20 ng/ml), PEth was 73% sensitive (95% confidence interval [CI] 65 to 80) and 96% specific (95% CI 92 to 100) for any drinking in the past month. Subjects who drank but had a negative PEth result were mainly light drinkers. Subjects who reported 30-day abstinence but with quantifiable PEth either reported heavy drinking within the past 6 weeks or had data that suggested underreported drinking. At the optimal cutoff concentration of 80 ng/ml, PEth was 91% sensitive (95% CI 82 to 100) and 77% specific (95% CI 70 to 83) for averaging at least 4 drinks daily. CONCLUSIONS: PEth is a useful test for detecting alcohol use in patients with liver disease, but cutoff concentrations for heavy drinking will result in misclassification of some moderate to heavy drinkers. 
Metabolic changes, along with cardiovascular and hepatic factors, are associated with the development of diseases such as diabetes, dyslipidemia, and obesity. We evaluated the effect of avocado oil supplementation (centrifuged and solvent extracted), compared with olive oil, upon the hepatic function in sucrose-fed rats. Twenty-five rats were divided into five groups: control (basal diet), a sucrose-fed group (basal diet plus 30% sucrose solution), and three other groups (S-OO, S-AOC, and S-AOS, indicating basal diet plus 30% sucrose solution plus olive oil OO, avocado oil extracted by centrifugation AOC or using solvent AOS, resp.). Glucose, total cholesterol, triglycerides, total protein, albumin, globulin, direct bilirubin, glutamic pyruvic transaminase, glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase, alkaline phosphatase, cholinesterase, and  -amylase concentrations were determined and avocado oil effect on them was studied. In some cases the induced metabolic alteration significantly affected total protein and bilirubin levels and also had a highly significant effect on  -amylase levels. AOC and AOS exhibited effects similar to those of olive oil, according to the nonsignificant difference in fatty acid profile observed by other authors. Avocado oil consumption could be beneficial in the control of altered metabolic profile illnesses as it presents effects on hepatic function biochemical markers similar to olive oil. 
Changes in measured concentrations of persistent compounds such as polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) in an individual over time reflect not only intrinsic elimination rates but also any ongoing intake of the compounds and changes in the volume of distribution. Thus, "apparent" elimination rates calculated from data on changes in serum lipid-adjusted concentration may over- or under-estimate the "intrinsic" elimination rates for such compounds. Serum PCB concentrations were measured in 43 individuals approximately 5years apart. Changes in measured concentrations and body weights were used to estimate mass-based apparent elimination rates. The changes in estimated body mass of PCBs 105, 118, 138, 153, and 180 were input into a simple first-order model employing previously estimated intrinsic elimination rates to estimate congener-specific average dietary intake rates over the period between samples. Calculated median dietary intakes were compared to previous estimates. Intrinsic elimination rates were adjusted for two congeners. The analyses support central tendencies of intrinsic elimination rates of approximately 5years for PCBs 105 and 118, 11years for PCB 138, 14.4years for PCB 153, and 20years or more for PCB 180. Estimated dietary intakes for this population and time period depend on the assumed intrinsic elimination rates and range from 0.1ngkg(-1)d(-1) for PCB 105 to approximately 1-2ngkg(-1)d(-1) for PCB 180. Estimated body burdens of PCB 180 changed very little over the five-year period, suggesting near steady-state exposure levels. As a result, estimates for both elimination half-life and ongoing intake rates for this congener are highly uncertain. 
BACKGROUND: Oxidative stress and inflammation can be altered by dietary factors in various species. However, little data are available in true carnivorous species such as domestic cats. As numerous anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative additives become available and might be of use in cats with chronic low-grade inflammatory diseases, the current study aimed to develop a model of diet-induced inflammation by use of two opposite diets. It was hypothesized that a high fat diet enhanced in n-6 PUFA and with lower concentrations of antioxidants would evoke inflammation and oxidative stress in domestic cats. RESULTS: Sixteen healthy adult cats were allocated to two groups. One group received a moderate fat diet, containing pork lard and salmon oil (AA:(EPA+DHA) ratio 0.19) (MFn-3), while the other group was fed a high fat diet, containing pork lard and chicken fat (AA:(EPA+DHA) ratio 2.06) (HFn-6) for 12weeks. Prior to and 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 and 12weeks after starting the testing period, blood samples were collected. Erythrocytic fatty acid profile showed clear alterations in accordance to the dietary fatty acid profile. Serum thiobarbituric acid reactive substances was higher when fed MFn-3 compared to the HFn-6, suggesting augmented oxidative stress. This was associated with a reduced serum vitamin E status, as serum -tocopherol concentrations were lower with MFn-3, even with higher dietary levels of vitamin E. Serum cytokine and serum amyloid A concentrations were not influenced by diet. CONCLUSION: These results point towards a resistance of cats to develop dietary fat-induced inflammation, but also suggest a high susceptibility to oxidative stress when fed a fish oil-supplemented diet even with moderate fat level and additional vitamin E. 
BACKGROUND: Mild impairments of cognition or 'Brain fog' are often reported by patients with coeliac disease but the nature of these impairments has not been systematically investigated. AIM: This longitudinal pilot study investigated relationships between cognitive function and mucosal healing in people with newly diagnosed coeliac disease commencing a gluten-free diet. METHODS: Eleven patients (8 females, 3 males), mean age 30 (range 22-39) years, were tested with a battery of cognitive tests at weeks 0, 12 and 52. Information processing efficacy, memory, visuospatial ability, motoric function and attention were tested. Small bowel biopsies were collected via routine gastroscopy at weeks 12 and 52 and were compared to baseline Marsh scores. Cognitive performance was compared to serum concentrations of tissue transglutaminase antibodies, biopsy outcomes and other biological markers. RESULTS: All patients had excellent adherence to the diet. Marsh scores improved significantly (P = 0.001, Friedman's test) and tissue transglutaminase antibody concentrations decreased from a mean of 58.4 at baseline to 16.8 U/mL at week 52 (P = 0.025). Four of the cognitive tests assessing verbal fluency, attention and motoric function showed significant improvement over the 12 months and strongly correlated with the Marsh scores and tissue transglutaminase antibody levels (r = 0.377-0.735; all P < 0.05). However, no meaningful patterns of correlations were found for nutritional or biochemical markers, or markers of intestinal permeability. CONCLUSIONS: In newly diagnosed coeliac disease, cognitive performance improves with adherence to the gluten-free diet in parallel to mucosal healing. Suboptimal levels of cognition in untreated coeliac disease may affect the performance of everyday tasks. 
We evaluated urinary isoflavonoid excretion as a biomarker of dietary isoflavone intake during two randomized soy trials (13-24 months) among 256 premenopausal women with a total of 1,385 repeated urine samples. Participants consumed a high-soy diet (2 servings/day) and a low-soy diet (<3 servings/week), completed 7 unannounced 24-hour dietary recalls, and donated repeated urine samples, which were analyzed for isoflavonoid excretion by liquid chromatography methods. We computed Spearman correlation coefficients and applied logistic regression to estimate the area under the curve. Median overall daily dietary isoflavone intakes at baseline, during low- and high-soy diet were 2.3, 0.2, and 60.4 mg aglycone equivalents, respectively. The corresponding urinary isoflavonoid excretion values were 0.4, 1.0, and 32.4 nmol/mg creatinine. Across diets, urinary isoflavonoid excretion was significantly associated with dietary isoflavone intake (rs=0.51, AUC=0.85; p<0.0001) but not within diet periods (rs=0.05-0.06, AUC=0.565-0.573). Urinary isoflavonoid excretion is an excellent biomarker to discriminate between low- and high-soy diets across populations, but the association with dietary isoflavone intake is weak when the range of soy intake is small. 
Osteoporosis and atherosclerosis often present atypically in postmenopausal women, making clinical recognition difficult. Prospective studies suggest independent associations between bone mass and vascular calcification through vitamin D deficiency as an established predictor of both conditions. We aimed to examine the relationship between serum osteocalcin and vitamin D status in postmenopausal women with and without angiographic evidence of coronary artery disease (CAD). One hundred and eighty postmenopausal women undergoing coronary angiography were selected sequentially from the Catheterization unit of King Abdulaziz University Hospital. Socio-demographic, anthropometric parameters and dietary habits were measured. Biochemical variables were estimated in blood samples. Half of the postmenopausal women did not have significant CAD, 24% had significant CAD in a single and/or double coronary vessels, 26% had significant CAD in three coronary vessels. Mean serum vitamin D concentrations showed that vitamin D deficiency was a common finding in the whole population. Vitamin D and calcium intakes were uniformly low in the study cohort. Serum osteocalcin was significantly correlated with dietary vitamin D in all subgroups (r=-0.172, p<0.05) and positively correlated among the patients (r=0.269, p=0.01). Serum magnesium, alkaline phosphatase, dietary vitamin D, and body weight were independent variables of serum osteocalcin level. In conclusion, elevated levels of serum C reactive protein and vitamin D were associated with low serum osteocalcin levels. Therefore, osteocalcin may be a potential cardiovascular risk marker. However, further studies are needed to clarify the pathophysiological processes underlying the relationship between serum osteocalcin level and atherosclerosis parameters. 
OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to develop an experimental model of hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance (IR), markers of coronary heart disease (CHD) using high fat and high sugar (HFHS) diet and to evaluate the efficacy of the model using atorvastatin, a known antihyperlipidemic drug, pioglitazone, a known insulin sensitizer, and Tinospora cordifolia (Tc), an antidiabetic plant. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Following Institutional Animal Ethics Committee permission, the study was conducted in male Wistar rats (200-270 g). The model was developed using a high fat (vanaspati ghee: coconut oil, 3:1) oral diet along with 25% fructose (high sugar) added in drinking water over a period of 6 weeks. Atorvastatin (2.1 mg/kg/day), pioglitazone (2.7 mg/kg/day) and Tc (200 mg/kg/day) were administered 3 weeks after initiation of HFHS diet and continued for another 3 weeks. Parameters assessed were weight, lipid profile, fasting blood glucose, insulin, and gastric emptying. Serum malondialdehyde (MDA) and catalase were assessed as markers of oxidative stress. RESULTS: Administration of HFHS diet demonstrated a significant increase in blood glucose, insulin, total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides with a decrease in high density lipoprotein cholesterol. Treatment with test drugs decreased blood sugar, insulin, lipid parameters, increased gastric emptying rate, decreased MDA levels, and catalase activity when compared to HFHS diet group, confirming the efficacy of the model. Atherogenic index of all the test drugs (0.48, 0.57, and 0.53) was significantly lower as compared to HFHS diet group (1.107). CONCLUSION: This study confirms the development of a diet based cost-effective and time efficient experimental model, which can be used to study two important markers of cardiovascular disease that is, hyperlipidemia and IR and to explore the efficacy of new molecules in CHD. 
Changes in lifestyle such as increase in high-fat food consumption are an important cause for vascular diseases. The present study aimed to investigate the involvement of ACE and TGF-  in the aorta stiffness induced by high-fat diet. C57BL/6 male mice were divided in two groups according to their diet for 8 weeks: standard diet (ST) and high-fat diet (HF). At the end of the protocol, body weight gain, adipose tissue content, serum lipids and glucose levels, and aorta morphometric and biochemical measurements were performed. Analysis of collagen fibers by picrosirius staining of aorta slices showed that HF diet promoted increase of thin (55%) and thick (100%) collagen fibers deposition and concomitant disorganization of these fibers orientations in the aorta vascular wall (50%). To unravel the mechanism involved, myeloperoxidase (MPO) and angiotensin I converting enzyme (ACE) were evaluated by protein expression and enzyme activity. HF diet increased MPO (90%) and ACE (28%) activities, as well as protein expression of ACE. TGF- was also increased in aorta tissue of HF diet mice after 8 weeks. Altogether, we have observed that the HF diet-induced aortic stiffening may be associated with increased oxidative stress damage and activation of the RAS in vascular tissue.
The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of sodium nitrate consumption on egg quality and quantity, and some blood parameters of native breeder hens of West Azerbaijan province. One hundred native hens were used from wk 25 to 32 of age. These birds were divided into two groups. One group was fed the control diet (CD) but the other fed the same diet supplemented with 4.2 g/kg sodium nitrate (ND). After 2 wks of adaptation, eggs were collected daily and egg mass and egg production were measured weekly for five weeks. To assess the egg quality parameters, two eggs from each replicate pen were collected for three consecutive days each week. At the end of experimental period (wk 32 of age), blood samples of 5 birds per replicate were collected from the wing vein into anticoagulant tubes. Dietary sodium nitrate didn't affect the egg production, shell stiffness, shell thickness and Haugh unit (p>0.05) but it decreased the both egg production and egg mass during the last three weeks (wks 30, 31 and 32) (p<0.05). Furthermore, a treatment effect was observed for yolk colour (p<0.05). Both the egg production and egg mass were increased over time (p<0.05). No significant treatmenttime interaction was observed for egg weight, egg production and egg mass (p>0.05). No effect of time or treatmenttime were observed for shell stiffness (p>0.05). Over time, shell thickness was decreased while Haugh unit increased (p<0.05). None of the blood TP and TG or the activity of ALT, AST and LDH enzymes were affected by dietary consumption of sodium nitrate at wk 32 of age (p>0.05). Sodium nitrite decreased both the TAC and TC at wk 32 of age (p<0.001). It was concluded that the lower body antioxidant capacity of nitrate fed birds resulted in the lower performance (egg weight, egg production and egg mass). 
Dietary fatty acids play a critical role in modulation of airway inflammation in asthma. This study was conducted to compare dietary intakes of essential fatty acids and serum levels of inflammatory factors in asthmatic and healthy adults, and to examine the potential relationship between inflammatory markers and dietary fatty acids. In this case-control study, 47 asthmatic patients (26 males and 21 females) were compared with 47 controls (24 males and 23 females). Blood samples were taken from case and control groups and tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), high sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), leptin and adiponectin were determined. Dietary intakes were assessed by semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Dietary intakes of omega-3 fatty acids were significantly lower in asthmatic patients compared to controls (p<0.05). Serum concentrations of TNF-, hs-CRP and leptin were significantly higher in asthmatic patients. There was a significant negative relationship between adiponectin levels and saturated fatty acid intakes in both groups, but the relationship between adiponectin and mono-unsaturated fatty acid intakes was positive and significant only in asthmatic group. No significant correlation between other inflammatory factors and dietary intakes was found in this study. Higher intake of omega-3 and lower levels of inflammatory factors in the healthy control group compared to asthmatic group may explain the protective role of essential fatty acids in asthma. Further studies with larger sample size are needed in this regard. 
BACKGROUND/AIM: One of the most common psychiatric disorders in children is attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, which is treated extensively by methylphenidate. This study investigates the assessment of the effects of methylphenidate on histopathologic and histomorphometric changes of the testes and serum levels of gonadotropin in mice. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this study, 36 adult male mice were used. After determining their body weights, the animals were divided randomly into 2 experimental groups and 1 control group. The experimental groups received methylphenidate (2 and 10 mg kg(-1) day(-1)) via gavage for a period of 40 days. After evaluation of body weight, general anesthesia was used for taking blood samples from the heart in order to measure testosterone and levels of gonadotropin in serum. For the purpose of weighing the bodies and measuring the thickness of the germinal epithelium, the testes were removed and the possibility of any pathological changes was considered. RESULTS: The results showed that methylphenidate could decrease the thickness of the germinal epithelium and body weight significantly, and could increase the levels of spermatogonia and serum gonadotropins and testosterone. Histopathological changes were also seen for vascular dilatation and congestion in interstitial tissue. CONCLUSION: Our findings demonstrated that administration of methylphenidate in adulthood may have an effect on spermatogenesis due to the influence of gonadotropin hormones on testis function. 
BACKGROUND: Limited data are available on the accuracy of 24-h dietary recalls used to monitor US sodium and potassium intakes. OBJECTIVE: We examined the difference in usual sodium and potassium intakes estimated from 24-h dietary recalls and urine collections. DESIGN: We used data from a cross-sectional study in 402 participants aged 18-39 y (50% African American) in the Washington, DC, metropolitan area in 2011. We estimated means and percentiles of usual intakes of daily dietary sodium (dNa) and potassium (dK) and 24-h urine excretion of sodium (uNa) and potassium (uK). We examined Spearman's correlations and differences between estimates from dietary and urine measures. Multiple linear regressions were used to evaluate the factors associated with the difference between dietary and urine measures. RESULTS: Mean differences between diet and urine estimates were higher in men [dNa - uNa (95% CI) = 936.8 (787.1, 1086.5) mg/d and dK - uK = 571.3 (448.3, 694.3) mg/d] than in women [dNa - uNa (95% CI) = 108.3 (11.1, 205.4) mg/d and dK - uK = 163.4 (85.3, 241.5 mg/d)]. Percentile distributions of diet and urine estimates for sodium and potassium differed for men. Spearman's correlations between measures were 0.16 for men and 0.25 for women for sodium and 0.39 for men and 0.29 for women for potassium. Urinary creatinine, total caloric intake, and percentages of nutrient intake from mixed dishes were independently and consistently associated with the differences between diet and urine estimates of sodium and potassium intake. For men, body mass index was also associated. Race was associated with differences in estimates of potassium intake. CONCLUSIONS: Low correlations and differences between dietary and urinary sodium or potassium may be due to measurement error in one or both estimates. Future analyses using these methods to assess sodium and potassium intake in relation to health outcomes may consider stratifying by factors associated with the differences in estimates from these methods. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01631240. 
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association between alcohol consumption and urinary incontinence among Japanese men. METHODS: Seven hundred men aged 40-75 years were recruited from the community in middle and southern Japan. A validated food frequency questionnaire was administered face-to-face to obtain information on dietary intake and habitual alcohol consumption. Urinary incontinence status was ascertained using the International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire-Short Form. RESULTS: Among the 683 eligible male participants, 49 men (7.2%) experienced urine leakage for the past 2.6 years (standard deviation [SD] 1.9). Their prevalence of alcohol drinking (beer, sake, shochu, wine, whisky) was lower than others without the condition, even though the daily mean ethanol intakes were similar between the two groups, 31.8 g (SD 45.4) and 31.3 g (SD 41.9), respectively. Relative to non-drinkers, the adjusted odds of urinary incontinence were 0.43 (95% CI 0.19 to 0.96) for low ethanol intake, and up to 32 g per day and 0.53 (95% CI 0.22 to 1.28) for drinking, at most, one can (350 mL) of beer daily. However, higher levels of alcohol consumption had no significant benefit in reducing the incontinence risk. CONCLUSION: The findings suggested an inverse association between urinary incontinence and low alcohol consumption particularly beer in middle-aged and older Japanese men. 
Erythroycte delta aminolevulinic acid dehydratase (ALAD) has been suggested as a marker for detecting recent alcohol intake. Unlike other markers, ALAD activity decreases after alcohol intake. Review of the literature suggests that the main interest in this marker is because it increases rapidly after withdrawal. The present study investigated the changes in erythrocyte ALAD and serum gamma-glutamyltransferase activities after alcohol withdrawal in 120 alcoholics. Our data showed that ALAD is less sensitive than GGT as an indicator of recent alcohol intake (56% and 84% abnormal, respectively). The increase in ALAD activity was greater between day 12 and 18 after withdrawal (11%) than between day 1 and 12 after withdrawal (5%). There were as many patients returning to normal values 12 and 18 days after withdrawal, for GGT as for ALAD. Thus, our results contradict the claim that ALAD rises rapidly after withdrawal. ALAD shows no advantage over GGT as a marker of recent alcohol intake. 
Coffee, a source of chlorogenic acids (CGAs), is recognized for preventing chronic diseases associated with oxidative stress. Therefore, sensitive, selective and easy access methods for the determination of the bioavailability and antioxidant function in vivo are required in clinical studies. The aim of this work was to validate a GC/MS method to quantify caffeic acid (CA) and ferulic acid (FA) and to apply different methodologies to determine the antioxidant capacity of plasma after the acute consumption of 420mg of CGAs provided by 400mL of coffee. The intervention was performed in 20 adults (6 men and 14 women) with a meanSD age of 35.79.0 and body mass index of 22.11.6kg who were assigned to 2 groups: a control group and a group that consumed coffee. The validated analytical GC/MS method was exact, precise and selective. The selected derivatizing reagent was N-tert-butyldimethylsilyl-N-methyltrifluoroacetamide with 1% tertbutyldimethylchlorosilane (MTBSTFA+1% TBDMSCl). The method was reproducible, and the limit of detection (LOD) was 3nM for CA and 5nM for FA. CA and FA were detected in plasma 1h after coffee intake and were undetectable in the control group. Compared to the baseline values, the antioxidant capacity of plasma significantly increased when it was measured by ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) (6.67%; P<0.001) and by oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) (7.16%; P<0.05). The in vitro and ex vivo experiments on plasma with CA and FA showed a significant increase of the antioxidant activity (P<0.05) as well as delay of LDL oxidation (P<0.001). The method validated by GC/MS was proposed as an alternative for evaluating the bioavailability of ACG after acute coffee intake. The need for in vitro methodologies was demonstrated to determine the antioxidant activity.
BACKGROUND: To assess the nutraceutical effects of twice/daily intake of kiwifruit on periodontal parameters and systemic health before and after initial periodontal treatment (IPT). METHODS: At baseline, participants were randomly assigned to test and control group, and either consumed two kiwifruits/day for 5 months or no kiwifruit. In the first 2 months, no periodontal treatment was delivered (2M). Subsequently, a session of full-mouth IPT within 24hours was performed. Participants were then re-assessed after 3 months (5M). Blood samples, evaluating systemic biomarkers and vital signs, were also collected atbaseline, 2M, and 5M. RESULTS: Groups were balanced at baseline. At 2M no within-groups differences could be detected for any parameter but the bleeding score, which decreased significantly in the kiwifruit group by 6.67%  11.90% (P<0.01). Comparison of test and control group showed that 2 months of kiwifruit consumption resulted in significant lower values of bleeding, plaque, and attachment loss. After IPT both groups demonstrated substantial significant clinical benefits however the control group showed significant greater reductions of bleeding, plaque and attachment loss than the test group. Systemic biomarkers and vital signs did not show clinically relevant differences between test and control group. CONCLUSIONS: Kiwifruit consumption reduces gingival inflammation despite the lack of any periodontal instrumentation or patient's behavioral changes. No adjunctive effect to periodontal treatment of dietary intake of kiwifruit was noted. (NCT NCT03084484). 
